

<<< BOOK PART SEPARATOR >>>


C K
CONTENTS
FOREWORD iii
PREFACE v
A NOTE FOR THE TEACHER x
C H A P T E R    1
PHYSICAL WORLD
1.1 What is physics ? 1
1.2 Scope and excitement of physics 2
1.3 Physics, technology and society 5
1.4 Fundamental forces in nature 6
1.5 Nature of physical laws 10
C H A P T E R    2
UNITS AND MEASUREMENTS
2.1 Introduction 16
2.2 The international system of units 16
2.3 Measurement of length 18
2.4 Measurement of mass 21
2.5 Measurement of time 22
2.6 Accuracy, precision of instruments and errors in measurement 22
2.7 Significant figures 27
2.8 Dimensions of physical quantities 31
2.9 Dimensional formulae and dimensional equations 31
2.10 Dimensional analysis and its applications 32
C H A P T E R    3
MOTION IN A STRAIGHT LINE
3.1 Introduction 39
3.2 Position, path length and displacement 39
3.3 Average velocity and average speed 42
3.4 Instantaneous velocity and speed 43
3.5 Acceleration 45
3.6 Kinematic equations for uniformly accelerated motion 47
3.7 Relative velocity 51
C H A P T E R    4
MOTION IN A PLANE
4.1 Introduction 65
4.2 Scalars and vectors 65
4.3 Multiplication of vectors by real numbers 67
4.4 Addition and subtraction of vectors – graphical method 67
4.5 Resolution of vectors 69
C K
4.6 Vector addition – analytical method 71
4.7 Motion in a plane 72
4.8 Motion in a plane with constant acceleration 75
4.9 Relative velocity in two dimensions 76
4.10 Projectile motion 77
4.11 Uniform circular motion 79
C H A P T E R    5
LAWS OF MOTION
5.1 Introduction 89
5.2 Aristotle’s fallacy 90
5.3 The law of inertia 90
5.4 Newton’s first law of motion 91
5.5 Newton’s second law of motion 93
5.6 Newton’s third law of motion 96
5.7 Conservation of momentum 98
5.8 Equilibrium of a particle 99
5.9 Common forces in mechanics 100
5.10 Circular motion 104
5.11 Solving problems in mechanics 105
C H A P T E R    6
WORK, ENERGY AND POWER
6.1 Introduction 114
6.2 Notions of work and kinetic energy : The work-energy theorem 116
6.3 Work 116
6.4 Kinetic energy 117
6.5 Work done by a variable force 118
6.6 The work-energy theorem for a variable force 119
6.7 The concept of potential energy 120
6.8 The conservation of mechanical energy 121
6.9 The potential energy of a spring 123
6.10 Various forms of energy : the law of conservation of energy 126
6.11 Power 128
6.12 Collisions 129
C H A P T E R    7
SYSTEM OF PARTICLES AND ROTATIONAL MOTION
7.1 Introduction 141
7.2 Centre of mass 144
7.3 Motion of centre of mass 148
7.4 Linear momentum of a system of particles 149
7.5 Vector product of two vectors 150
7.6 Angular velocity and its relation with linear velocity 152
7.7 Torque and angular momentum 154
7.8 Equilibrium of a rigid body 158
7.9 Moment of inertia 163
7.10 Theorems of perpendicular and parallel axes 164
xii
C K
7.11 Kinematics of rotational motion about a fixed axis 167
7.12 Dynamics of rotational motion about a fixed axis 169
7.13 Angular momentum in case of rotations about a fixed axis 171
7.14 Rolling motion 173
C H A P T E R    8
GRAVITATION
8.1 Introduction 183
8.2 Kepler’s laws 184
8.3 Universal law of gravitation 185
8.4 The gravitational constant 189
8.5 Acceleration due to gravity of the earth 189
8.6 Acceleration due to gravity below and above the surface of earth 190
8.7 Gravitational potential energy 191
8.8 Escape speed 193
8.9 Earth satellite 194
8.10 Energy of an orbiting satellite 195
8.11 Geostationary and polar satellites 196
8.12 Weightlessness 197
APPENDICES 203
ANSWERS 219
xiii
1.1  WHAT IS PHYSICS ?
Humans have always been curious about the world around
them. The night sky with its bright celestial objects has
fascinated humans since time immemorial. The regular
repetitions of the day and night, the annual cycle of seasons,
the eclipses, the tides, the volcanoes, the rainbow have always
been a source of wonder. The world has an astonishing variety
of materials and a bewildering diversity of life and behaviour.
The inquiring and imaginative human mind has responded
to the wonder and awe of nature in different ways. One kind
of response from the earliest times has been to observe the
physical environment carefully, look for any meaningful
patterns and relations in natural phenomena, and build and
use new tools to interact with nature.  This human endeavour
led, in course of time, to modern science and technology.
The word Science originates from the Latin verb Scientia
meaning ‘to know’.  The Sanskrit word Vijnan and the Arabic
word Ilm convey similar meaning, namely ‘knowledge’.
Science, in a broad sense, is as old as human species. The
early civilisations of Egypt, India, China, Greece, Mesopotamia
and many others made vital contributions to its progress.
From the sixteenth century onwards, great strides were made
in science in Europe. By the middle of the twentieth century,
science had become a truly international enterprise, with
many cultures and countries contributing to its rapid growth.
What is Science and what is the so-called Scientific
Method?  Science is a systematic attempt to understand
natural phenomena in as much detail and depth as possible,
and use the knowledge so gained to predict, modify and
control phenomena. Science is exploring, experimenting and
predicting from what we see around us. The curiosity to learn
about the world, unravelling the secrets of nature is the first
step towards the discovery of science. The scientific method
involves several interconnected steps : Systematic
observations, controlled experiments, qualitative and
CHAPTER ONE
PHYSICAL WORLD
1.1 What is physics ?
1.2 Scope and excitement of
physics
1.3 Physics, technology and
society
1.4 Fundamental forces in
nature
1.5 Nature of physical laws
Summary
Exercises

PHYSICS2
quantitative reasoning, mathematical
modelling, prediction and verification or
falsification of theories. Speculation and
conjecture also have a place in science; but
ultimately, a scientific theory, to be acceptable,
must be verified by relevant observations  or
experiments. There is much philosophical
debate about the nature and method of science
that we need not discuss here.
The interplay of theory and observation (or
experiment) is basic to the progress of science.
Science is ever dynamic. There is no ‘final’
theory in science and no unquestioned
authority among scientists.  As observations
improve in detail and precision or experiments
yield new results, theories must account for
them, if necessary, by introducing modifications.
Sometimes the modifications may not be drastic
and may lie within the framework of existing
theory.  For example, when Johannes Kepler
(1571-1630) examined the extensive data on
planetary motion collected by Tycho Brahe
(1546-1601), the planetary circular orbits in
heliocentric  theory (sun at the centre of the
solar system) imagined by Nicolas Copernicus
(1473–1543) had to be replaced by elliptical
orbits to fit the data better.  Occasionally,
however, the  existing theory is simply unable
to explain new observations.  This causes a
major upheaval in science. In the beginning of
the twentieth century, it was realised that
Newtonian mechanics, till then a very
successful theory, could not explain some of the
most basic features of atomic phenomena.
Similarly, the then accepted wave picture of light
failed to explain the photoelectric effect properly.
This led to the development of a  radically new
theory (Quantum Mechanics) to deal with atomic
and molecular phenomena.
Just as a new experiment may suggest an
alternative theoretical model, a theoretical
advance may suggest what to look for in some
experiments.  The result of experiment of
scattering of alpha particles by gold foil, in 1911
by Ernest Rutherford (1871–1937) established
the nuclear model of the atom, which then
became the basis of the quantum theory of
hydrogen atom given in 1913 by Niels Bohr
(1885–1962). On the other hand, the concept of
antiparticle was first introduced theoretically by
Paul Dirac (1902–1984) in 1930 and confirmed
two years later by the experimental discovery of
positron (antielectron) by Carl Anderson.
Physics is a basic discipline in the category
of Natural Sciences, which also includes other
disciplines like Chemistry and Biology. The word
Physics comes from a Greek word meaning
nature. Its Sanskrit equivalent is Bhautiki that
is used to refer to the study of the physical world.
A precise definition of this discipline is neither
possible nor necessary.  We can broadly describe
physics as a study of the basic laws of  nature
and their manifestation in different natural
phenomena.  The scope of physics is described
briefly in the next section.  Here we remark on
two principal thrusts in physics :  unification
and reduction.
In Physics, we attempt to explain diverse
physical phenomena in terms of a few concepts
and laws.  The effort is to see the physical world
as manifestation of some universal laws in
different domains and conditions.  For example,
the same law of gravitation (given by Newton)
describes the fall of an apple to the ground, the
motion of the moon around the earth and the
motion of planets around the sun. Similarly, the
basic laws of electromagnetism (Maxwell’s
equations) govern all electric and magnetic
phenomena. The attempts to unify fundamental
forces of nature (section 1.4) reflect this same
quest for unification.
A related effort is to derive the properties of a
bigger, more complex, system from the properties
and interactions of its constituent simpler parts.
This approach is called reductionism and is
at the heart of physics.  For example, the subject
of thermodynamics, developed in the nineteenth
century, deals with bulk systems in terms of
macroscopic quantities such as temperature,
internal energy, entropy, etc.  Subsequently, the
subjects of kinetic theory and statistical
mechanics interpreted these quantities in terms
of the properties of the molecular constituents
of the bulk system.  In particular, the
temperature was seen to be related to the average
kinetic energy of molecules  of the system.
1.2 
 SCOPE AND EXCITEMENT OF PHYSICS
We can get some idea of the scope of physics by
looking at its various sub-disciplines.  Basically,
there are two domains of interest : macroscopic
and microscopic. The macroscopic domain
includes phenomena at the laboratory, terrestrial
and astronomical scales. The microscopic domain
includes atomic, molecular and nuclear
PHYSICAL WORLD 3
Ampere and Faraday, and encapsulated by
Maxwell in his famous set of equations. The
motion of a current-carrying conductor in a
magnetic field, the response of a circuit to an ac
voltage (signal), the working of an antenna, the
propagation of radio waves in the ionosphere, etc.,
are problems of electrodynamics. Optics deals
with the phenomena involving light. The working
of telescopes and microscopes, colours exhibited
by thin films, etc., are topics in optics.
Thermodynamics, in contrast to mechanics, does
not deal with the motion of bodies as a whole.
Rather, it deals with systems in macroscopic
equilibrium and is concerned with changes in
internal energy, temperature, entropy, etc., of the
system through external work and transfer of
heat.  The efficiency of heat engines and
refrigerators, the direction of a physical or
You can now see that the scope of physics is
truly vast.  It covers a tremendous range of
magnitude of physical quantities like length,
mass, time, energy, etc.  At one end, it studies
phenomena at the very small scale of length
(10
-14 
m or even less) involving electrons, protons,
etc.; at the other end, it deals with astronomical
phenomena at the scale of galaxies or even the
entire universe whose extent is of the order of
10
26 
m.  The two length scales differ by a factor of
10
40
 or even more.  The range of time scales can
be obtained by dividing the length scales by the
speed of light : 10
–22 
s to 10 18 
s.  The range of
masses goes from, say, 10 –30 kg  (mass of an
electron) to 10
55 
kg (mass of known observable
universe). Terrestrial phenomena lie somewhere
in the middle of this range.
Fig. 1.1 Theory and experiment go hand in hand in physics and help each other’s progress. The alpha scattering
experiments of Rutherford gave the nuclear model of the atom.
* Recently, the domain intermediate between the macroscopic and the microscopic (the so-called mesoscopic
physics), dealing with a few tens or hundreds of atoms, has emerged as an exciting  field of  research.
phenomena*. Classical Physics deals mainly
with macroscopic phenomena and includes
subjects like Mechanics, Electrodynamics,
Optics  and Thermodynamics . Mechanics
founded on Newton’s laws of motion and the law
of gravitation is concerned with the motion (or
equilibrium) of particles, rigid and deformable
bodies, and general systems of particles.  The
propulsion of a rocket by a jet of ejecting gases,
propagation of water waves or sound waves in
air, the equilibrium of a bent rod under a load,
etc., are problems of mechanics.  Electrodynamics
deals with electric and magnetic phenomena
associated with charged and magnetic bodies.
Its basic laws were given by Coulomb, Oersted,
chemical process, etc., are problems of interest
in thermodynamics.
The microscopic domain of physics deals  with
the constitution and structure of matter at the
minute scales of atoms and nuclei (and even
lower scales of length) and their interaction with
different probes such as electrons, photons and
other elementary particles. Classical physics is
inadequate to handle this domain and Quantum
Theory is currently accepted as the proper
framework for explaining microscopic
phenomena.  Overall, the edifice of physics is
beautiful and imposing and you will appreciate
it more as you pursue the subject.
PHYSICS4
Physics is exciting in many ways. To some people
the excitement comes from the elegance and
universality of its basic theories, from the fact that
a few basic concepts and laws can explain
phenomena covering a large range of magnitude
of physical quantities. To some others, the challenge
in carrying out imaginative new experiments to
unlock the secrets of nature, to verify or refute
theories, is thrilling.  Applied physics is equally
demanding. Application and exploitation of
physical laws to make useful devices is the most
interesting and exciting part and requires great
ingenuity and persistence of effort.
What lies behind the phenomenal progress
of physics in the last few centuries? Great
progress usually accompanies changes in our
basic perceptions.  First, it was realised that for
scientific progress, only qualitative thinking,
though no doubt important, is not enough.
Quantitative measurement is central to the
growth of science, especially physics, because
the laws of nature happen to be expressible in
precise mathematical equations. The second
most important insight was that the basic laws
of physics are universal — the same laws apply
in widely different contexts. Lastly, the strategy
of approximation turned out to be very
successful.  Most observed phenomena in daily
life are rather complicated manifestations of the
basic laws. Scientists recognised the importance
of extracting the essential features of a
phenomenon from its less significant aspects.
It is not practical to take into account all the
complexities of a phenomenon in one go.  A good
strategy is to focus first on the essential features,
discover the basic principles and then introduce
corrections to build a more refined theory of the
phenomenon. For example, a stone and a feather
dropped from the same height do not reach the
ground at the same time. The reason is that the
essential aspect of the phenomenon, namely free
fall under gravity, is complicated by the
presence of air resistance. To get the law of free
fall under gravity, it is better to create a
situation wherein the air resistance is
negligible. We can, for example, let the stone and
the feather fall through a long evacuated tube.
In that case, the two objects will fall almost at
the same rate, giving the basic law that
acceleration due to gravity is independent of the
mass of the object.  With the basic law thus
found, we can go back to the feather, introduce
corrections due to air resistance, modify the
existing theory and try to build a more realistic
Hypothesis, axioms and models
One should not think that everything can be proved
with physics and mathematics. All physics, and also
mathematics, is based on assumptions, each of
which is variously called a hypothesis or axiom or
postulate, etc.
For example, the universal law of gravitation
proposed by Newton is an assumption or hypothesis,
which he proposed out of his ingenuity. Before him,
there were several observations, experiments and
data, on the motion of planets around the sun,
motion of the moon around the earth, pendulums,
bodies falling towards the earth etc. Each of these
required a separate explanation, which was more
or less qualitative. What the universal law of
gravitation says is that, if we assume that any two
bodies in the universe attract each other with a
force proportional to the product of their masses
and inversely proportional to the square of the
distance between them, then we can explain all
these observations in one stroke. It not only explains
these phenomena, it also allows us to predict the
results of future experiments.
A hypothesis is a supposition without assuming
that it is true. It would not be fair to ask anybody
to prove the universal law of gravitation, because
it cannot be proved. It can be verified and
substantiated by experiments and observations.
An axiom is a self-evident truth while a model
is a theory proposed to explain observed
phenomena. But you need not worry at this stage
about the nuances in using these words. For
example, next year you will learn about Bohr’s model
of hydrogen atom, in which Bohr assumed that an
electron in the hydrogen atom follows certain rules
(postutates). Why did he do that? There was a large
amount of spectroscopic data before him which no
other theory could explain. So Bohr said that if we
assume that an atom behaves in such a manner,
we can explain all these things at once.
Einstein’s special theory of relativity is also
based on two postulates, the constancy of the speed
of electromagnetic radiation and the validity of
physical laws in all inertial frame of reference. It
would not be wise to ask somebody to prove that
the speed of light in vacuum is constant,
independent of the source or observer.
In mathematics too, we need axioms and
hypotheses at every stage. Euclid’s statement that
parallel lines never meet, is a hypothesis. This means
that if we assume this statement, we can explain
several properties of straight lines and two or three
dimensional figures made out of them. But if you
don’t assume it, you are free to use a different axiom
and get a new geometry, as has indeed happened in
the past few centuries and decades.
PHYSICAL WORLD 5
Table 1.1 Some physicists from different countries of the world and their major contributions
theory of objects falling to the earth under
gravity.
1.3  
PHYSICS, TECHNOLOGY AND SOCIETY
The connection between physics, technology
and society can be seen in many examples. The
discipline of thermodynamics arose from the
need to understand and improve the working of
heat engines.  The steam engine, as we know,
is inseparable from the Industrial Revolution in
England in the eighteenth century, which had
great impact on the course of human
civilisation. Sometimes technology gives rise to
new physics; at other times physics generates
new technology. An example of the latter is the
wireless communication technology that followed
the discovery of the basic laws of electricity and
magnetism in the nineteenth century. The
applications of  physics are not always easy to
foresee. As late as 1933, the great physicist
Ernest Rutherford had dismissed the possibility
of tapping energy from atoms. But only a few
years later, in 1938, Hahn and Meitner
discovered the phenomenon of neutron-induced
fission of uranium, which would serve as the
basis of nuclear power reactors and nuclear
weapons. Yet another important example of
physics giving rise to technology is the silicon
‘chip’ that triggered  the computer revolution in
the last three decades of the twentieth century.
A most significant area to which physics has
and will contribute is the development of
alternative energy resources.  The fossil fuels of
the planet are dwindling fast and there is an
urgent need to discover new and affordable
sources of energy.  Considerable progress has
already been made in this direction (for
example, in conversion of solar energy,
geothermal energy, etc., into electricity), but
much more is still to be accomplished.
Table1.1 lists some of the great physicists,
their major contribution and the country of
origin. You will appreciate from this table the
multi-cultural, international character of the
scientific endeavour. Table 1.2 lists some
important technologies and the principles of
physics  they  are  based on.  Obviously,  these
tables are not exhaustive. We urge you to try to
add many names and items to these tables with
the help of your teachers, good books and
websites on science.  You will find that this
exercise is very educative and also great fun.
And, assuredly, it will never end.  The progress
of science is unstoppable!
Physics is the study of nature and natural
phenomena. Physicists try to discover the rules
that are operating in nature, on the basis of
observations, experimentation and analysis.
Physics deals with certain basic rules/laws
governing the natural world. What is the nature
Name Major contribution/discovery Country of
Origin
Archimedes Principle of buoyancy; Principle of the lever Greece
Galileo Galilei Law of inertia Italy
Christiaan Huygens Wave theory of light Holland
Isaac Newton Universal law of gravitation; Laws of motion; U.K.
Reflecting telescope
Michael Faraday Laws of electromagn etic induction U.K.
James Clerk Maxwell Electromagnetic theory; Light-an U.K.
electromagnetic wave
Heinrich Rudolf Hertz Generation of electromagnetic waves Germany
J.C. Bose Ultra  short radio waves India
W.K. Roentgen X-rays Germany
J.J. Thomson Electron U.K.
Marie Sklodowska Curie Discovery of radium and polonium; Studies on Poland
natural radioactivity
Albert Einstein Explanation of photoelectric effect; Germany
Theory of relativity
PHYSICS6
* Sections 1.4 and 1.5 contain several ideas that you may not grasp fully in your first reading. However , we
advise you to read them carefully to develop a feel for some basic aspects of  physics. These are some of the
areas which continue to occupy the physicists today.
of physical laws? We shall now discuss the
nature of fundamental forces and the laws that
govern the diverse phenomena of the physical
world.
1.4  
FUNDAMENTAL FORCES IN NATURE*
We all have an intuitive notion of force. In our
experience, force is needed to push, carry or
throw objects, deform or break them.  We also
experience the impact of forces on us, like when
a moving object hits us or we are in a merry-go-
round. Going from this intuitive notion to the
proper scientific concept of force is not a trivial
matter. Early thinkers like Aristotle had wrong
ideas about it.  The correct notion of force was
arrived at by Isaac Newton in his famous laws of
motion. He also gave an explicit form for the force
for gravitational attraction between two bodies.
We shall learn these matters in subsequent
chapters.
In the macroscopic world, besides the
gravitational force, we encounter several kinds
of forces: muscular force, contact forces between
bodies, friction (which is also a contact force
parallel to the surfaces in contact), the forces
exerted by compressed or elongated springs and
taut strings and ropes (tension), the force of
buoyancy and viscous force when solids are in
Victor Francis Hess Cosmic radiation Austria
R.A. Millikan Measurement of electronic charge U.S.A.
Ernest Rutherford Nuclear model of atom New Zealand
Niels Bohr Quantum model of hydrogen atom Denmark
C.V. Raman Inelastic scattering of light by molecules India
Louis Victor de Borglie Wave nature of matter France
M.N. Saha Thermal ionisation India
S.N. Bose Quantum statistics India
Wolfgang Pauli Exclusion principle Austria
Enrico Fermi Controlled nuclear fission Italy
Werner Heisenberg Quantum mechanics; Uncertainty principle Germany
Paul Dirac Relativistic theory of electron; U.K.
Quantum statistics
Edwin Hubble Expanding universe U.S.A.
Ernest Orlando Lawrence Cyclotron U.S.A.
James Chadwick Neutron U.K.
Hideki Yukawa Theory of nuclear forces Japan
Homi Jehangir Bhabha Cascade process of cosmic radiation India
Lev Davidovich Landau Theory of condensed matter; Liquid helium Russia
S. Chandrasekhar Chandrasekhar limit, structure and evolution India
of stars
John Bardeen Transistors; Theory of super conductivity U.S.A.
C.H. Townes Maser; Laser U.S.A.
Abdus Salam Unification of weak and electromagnetic Pakistan
interactions
Name Major contribution/discovery Country of
Origin
PHYSICAL WORLD 7
contact with fluids, the force due to pressure of
a fluid, the force due to surface tension of a liquid,
and so on. There are also forces involving charged
and magnetic bodies. In the microscopic domain
again, we have electric and magnetic forces,
nuclear forces involving protons and neutrons,
interatomic and intermolecular forces, etc.  We
shall get familiar with some of these forces in later
parts of this course.
A great insight of the twentieth century
physics is that these different forces occurring
in different contexts actually arise from only a
small number of fundamental forces in nature.
For example, the elastic spring force arises due
to the net attraction/repulsion between the
neighbouring atoms of the spring when the
spring is elongated/compressed. This net
attraction/repulsion can be traced to the
(unbalanced) sum of electric forces between the
charged constituents of the atoms.
In principle, this means that the laws for
‘derived’ forces (such as spring force, friction)
are not independent of the laws of fundamental
forces in nature. The  origin of these derived
forces is, however, very complex.
At the present stage of our understanding,
we know of four fundamental forces in nature,
which are described in brief here :
 Table 1.2  
Link between technology and physics
Technology Scientific principle(s)
Steam engine Laws of thermodynamics
Nuclear reactor Controlled nuclear fission
Radio and Television Generation, propagation and detection
of electromagnetic waves
Computers Digital logic
Lasers Light amplification by stimulated emission of
radiation
Production of ultra high magnetic Superconductivity
fields
Rocket propulsion Newton’s laws of motion
Electric generator Faraday’s laws of electromagnetic induction
Hydroelectric power Conversion of gravitational potential energy into
electrical energy
Aeroplane Bernoulli’s principle in fluid dynamics
Particle accelerators Motion of charged particles in electromagnetic
fields
Sonar Reflection of ultrasonic waves
Optical fibres Total internal reflection of light
Non-reflecting coatings Thin film optical interference
Electron microscope Wave nature of electrons
Photocell Photoelectric effect
Fusion test reactor (Tokamak) Magnetic confinement of plasma
Giant Metrewave Radio Detection of cosmic radio waves
Telescope (GMRT)
Bose-Einstein condensate Trapping and cooling of atoms by laser beams and
magnetic fields.
PHYSICS8
1.4.1 Gravitational Force
The gravitational force is the force of mutual
attraction between any two objects by virtue of
their masses. It is a universal force. Every object
experiences this force due to every other object
in the universe. All objects on the earth, for
example, experience the force of gravity due to
the earth. In particular, gravity governs the
motion of the moon and artificial satellites around
the earth, motion of the earth and planets
around the sun, and, of course, the motion of
bodies falling to the earth.  It plays a key role in
the large-scale phenomena of the universe, such
as formation and evolution of stars, galaxies and
galactic clusters.
1.4.2
 Electromagnetic Force
Electromagnetic force is the force between
charged particles.  In the simpler case when
charges are at rest, the force is given by
Coulomb’s law : attractive for unlike charges and
repulsive for like charges. Charges in m otion
produce magnetic effects and a magnetic field
gives rise to a force on a moving charge. Electric
and magnetic effects are, in general,
inseparable – hence the name electromagnetic
force. Like the gravitational force,
electromagnetic force acts over large distances
and does not need any intervening medium. It
is enormously strong compared to gravity. The
electric force between two protons, for example,
is 10
36
 times the gravitational force between
them, for any fixed distance.
Matter, as we know, consists of elementary
charged constituents like electrons and
protons. Since the electromagnetic force is so
much stronger than the gravitational force, it
dominates all phenomena at atomic and
molecular scales.  (The other two forces, as we
shall see, operate only at nuclear scales.)  Thus
it is mainly the electromagnetic force that
governs the structure of atoms and molecules,
the dynamics of  chemical reactions and the
mechanical, thermal and other properties of
materials.  It underlies the macroscopic forces
like  ‘tension’, ‘friction’, ‘normal force’, ‘spring
force’, etc.
Gravity is always attractive, while
electromagnetic force can be attractive or
repulsive.  Another way of putting it is that mass
comes only in one variety (there is no negative
mass), but charge comes in two varieties :
positive and negative charge. This is what
makes all the difference.  Matter is mostly
electrically neutral (net charge is zero). Thus,
electric force is largely zero and gravitational
force dominates terrestrial phenomena. Electric
force manifests itself in atmosphere where the
atoms are ionised and that leads to lightning.
Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Albert Einstein, born in Ulm, Germany in 1879, is universally regarded as
one of the greatest physicists of all time. His astonishing scientific career
began with the publication of three path-breaking papers in 1905.  In the
first paper, he introduced the notion of light quanta (now called photons)
and used it to explain the features of photoelectric effect that the classical
wave theory of radiation could not account for.  In the second paper, he
developed a theory of Brownian motion that was confirmed experimentally
a few years later and provided a convincing evidence of the atomic picture of
matter. The third paper gave birth to the special theory of relativity that
made Einstein a legend in his own life time.  In the next decade, he explored the consequences of his
new theory which included, among other things, the mass-energy equivalence enshrined in his famous
equation E = mc 2.  He also created the general version of relativity (The General Theory of Relativity),
which is the modern theory of gravitation. Some of Einstein’s most significant later contributions are:
the notion of stimulated emission introduced in an alternative derivation of Planck’s blackbody radiation
law, static model of the universe which started modern cosmology, quantum statistics of a gas of
massive bosons, and a critical analysis of the foundations of quantum mechanics. The year 2005 was
declared as International Year of  Physics, in recognition of  Einstein’s monumental contribution to
physics, in year 1905, describing revolutionary scientific ideas that have since influenced all of modern
physics.

PHYSICAL WORLD 9
If we reflect a little, the enormous strength
of the electromagnetic force compared to
gravity is evident in our daily life.  When we
hold a book in our hand, we are balancing the
gravitational force on the book due to the huge
mass of the earth by the ‘normal force’
provided by our hand.  The latter is nothing
but the net electromagnetic force between the
charged constituents of our hand and
the book, at the surface in contact. If
electromagnetic force were not intrinsically so
much stronger than gravity, the hand of the
strongest man would crumble under the
weight of a feather ! Indeed, to be consistent,
in that circumstance, we ourselves would
crumble under our own weight !
1.4.3  
Strong Nuclear Force
The strong nuclear force binds protons and
neutrons in a nucleus. It is evident that without
some attractive force, a nucleus will be
unstable due to the electric repulsion between
its protons. This attractive force cannot be
gravitational since force of gravity is negligible
compared to the electric force. A new basic force
must, therefore, be  invoked. The strong nuclear
force  is  the strongest of all fundamental forces,
about 100 times the electromagnetic force in
strength.  It is charge-independent and acts
equally between a proton and a proton, a
neutron and a neutron, and a proton and a
neutron. Its range is, however, extremely small,
of about nuclear dimensions (10
–15
m). It is
responsible for the stability of nuclei. The
electron, it must be noted, does not experience
this force.
Recent developments have, however,
indicated that protons and neutrons are built
out of still more elementary constituents called
quarks.
1.4.4  
Weak Nuclear Force
The weak nuclear force appears only in certain
nuclear processes such as the 
✂ -decay of a
nucleus. In ✂ -decay, the nucleus emits an
electron and an uncharged particle called
neutrino.  The weak nuclear force is not as weak
as the gravitational force, but much weaker
than the strong nuclear and electromagnetic
forces. The range of weak nuclear force is
exceedingly small, of the order of 10
-16 
m.
1.4.5  
Towards Unification of  Forces
We remarked in section 1.1 that unification is a
basic quest in physics. Great advances in
physics often amount to unification of different
Satyendranath Bose (1894-1974)
Satyendranath Bose, born in Calcutta in 1894, is among the great Indian
physicists who made a fundamental contribution to the advance of science
in the twentieth century. An outstanding student throughout, Bose started
his career in 1916 as a lecturer in physics in Calcutta University; five years
later he joined Dacca University.  Here in 1924, in a brilliant flash of insight,
Bose gave a new derivation of Planck’s law, treating radiation as a gas of
photons and employing new statistical methods of counting of photon states.
He wrote a short paper on the subject and sent it to Einstein who
immediately recognised its great significance, translated it in German and
forwarded it for publication.  Einstein then applied the same method to a
gas of molecules.
The key new conceptual ingredient in Bose’s work was that the particles were regarded as
indistinguishable, a radical departure from the assumption that underlies the classical Maxwell-
Boltzmann statistics. It was soon realised that the new Bose-Einstein statistics was applicable to
particles with integers spins, and a new quantum statistics (Fermi-Dirac statistics) was needed for
particles with half integers spins satisfying Pauli’s exclusion principle. Particles with integers spins
are now known as bosons in honour of Bose.
An important consequence of Bose-Einstein statistics is that a gas of molecules below a certain
temperature will undergo a phase transition to a state where a large fraction of atoms populate the
same lowest energy state. Some seventy years were to pass before the pioneering ideas of Bose, developed
further by Einstein, were dramatically confirmed in the observation of a new state of matter in a dilute
gas of ultra cold alkali atoms - the Bose-Eintein  condensate.

PHYSICS10
theories and domains. Newton unified terrestrial
and celestial domains under a common law of
gravitation.  The experimental discoveries of
Oersted and Faraday showed that electric and
magnetic phenomena are in general
inseparable.  Maxwell unified electromagnetism
and optics with the discovery that light is an
electromagnetic wave.  Einstein attempted to
unify gravity and electromagnetism but could
not succeed in this venture. But this did not
deter physicists from zealously pursuing the
goal of unification of forces.
Recent decades have seen much progress on
this front.  The electromagnetic and the weak
nuclear force have now been unified and are
seen as aspects of a single ‘electro-weak’ force.
What this unification actually means cannot
be explained here. Attempts have been (and are
being) made to unify the electro-weak and the
strong force and even to unify the gravitational
force with the rest of the fundamental forces.
Many of these ideas are still speculative and
inconclusive. Table 1.4 summarises some of the
milestones in the progress towards unification
of forces in nature.
1.5   
NATURE OF PHYSICAL LAWS
Physicists explore the universe. Their
investigations, based on scientific processes,
range from particles that are smaller than
atoms in size to stars that are very far away. In
addition to finding the facts by observation and
experimentation, physicists attempt to discover
the laws that summarise (often as mathematical
equations) these facts.
In any physical phenomenon governed by
different forces, several quantities may change
with time. A remarkable fact is that some special
physical quantities, however, remain constant
in time. They are the conserved quantities of
nature. Understanding these conservation
principles is very important to describe the
observed phenomena quantitatively.
For motion under an external conservative
force, the total mechanical energy i.e. the sum
of kinetic and potential energy of a body is a
constant. The familiar example is the free fall of
an object under gravity. Both the kinetic energy
of the object and its potential energy change
continuously with time, but the sum remains
fixed. If the object is released from rest, the initial
Table 1.4  
Progress in unification of different forces/domains in nature
Table 1.3  Fundamental  forces  of  nature
Name Relative Range Operates among
strength
Gravitational force 10 –39 Infinite All objects in the universe
Weak nuclear force 10 –13 Very short, Sub-nuclear Some elementary particles,
size (
✄ 10–16m) particularly electron and
neutrino
Electromagnetic force 10 –2 Infinite Charged particles
Strong nuclear force 1 Short, nuclear Nucleons, heavier
size ( ✄ 10–15m) elementary particles
PHYSICAL WORLD 11
potential energy is completely converted into the
kinetic energy of the object just before it hits
the ground. This law restricted for a conservative
force should not be confused with the general
law of conservation of energy of an isolated
system (which is the basis of the First Law of
Thermodynamics).
The concept of energy is central to physics
and the expressions for energy can be written
for every physical system. When all forms of
energy e.g., heat, mechanical energy, electrical
energy etc., are counted, it turns out that energy
is conserved. The general law of conservation of
energy is true for all forces and for any kind of
transformation between different forms of
energy. In the falling object example, if you
include the effect of air resistance during the
fall and see the situation after the object hits
the ground and stays there, the total
mechanical energy is obviously not conserved.
The general law of energy conservation, however,
is still applicable.  The initial potential energy
of the stone gets transformed into other forms
of energy : heat and sound. (Ultimately, sound
after it is absorbed becomes heat.) The total
energy of the system (stone plus the
surroundings) remains unchanged.
The law of conservation of energy is thought
to be valid across all domains of nature, from
the microscopic to the macroscopic. It is
routinely applied in the analysis of atomic,
nuclear and elementary particle processes.  At
the other end, all kinds of violent phenomena
occur in the universe all the time.  Yet the total
energy of the universe (the most ideal isolated
system possible !) is believed to remain
unchanged.
Until the advent of Einstein’s theory of
relativity, the law of conservation of mass was
regarded as another basic conservation law of
nature, since matter was thought to be
indestructible. It was (and still is) an important
principle used, for example, in the analysis of
chemical reactions. A chemical reaction is
basically a rearrangement of atoms among
different molecules.  If the total binding energy
of the reacting molecules is less than the total
binding energy of the product molecules, the
difference appears as heat and the reaction is
exothermic.  The opposite is true for energy
absorbing (endothermic) reactions.  However,
since the atoms are merely rearranged but not
destroyed, the total mass of the reactants is the
same as the total mass of the products in a
chemical reaction. The changes in the binding
energy are too small to be measured as changes
in mass.
According to Einstein’s theory, mass m is
equivalent to energy E given by the relation
E= mc
2
, where c is speed of light in vacuum.
In a nuclear process mass gets converted to
energy (or vice-versa). This is the energy which
is released in a nuclear power generation and
nuclear explosions.
Sir C.V. Raman (1888-1970)
Chandrashekhara Venkata Raman  was born on 07 Nov 1888 in Thiruvanaikkaval.
He finished his schooling by the age of eleven. He graduated from Presidency
College, Madras. After finishing his education he joined financial services of the
Indian Government.
While in Kolkata, he started working on his area of interest at Indian Asso-
ciation for Cultivation of Science founded  by Dr. Mahendra Lal Sirkar, during his
evening hours. His area of interest included vibrations, variety of musical instru-
ments, ultrasonics, diffraction and so on.
In 1917 he was offered Professorship at Calcutta University. In 1924 he was
elected ‘Fellow’ of the Royal Society of London and received Nobel prize in Physics
in 1930 for his discovery, now known as Raman Effect.
The Raman Effect deals with scattering of light by molecules of a medium
when they are excited to vibrational energy levels. This work opened totally new
avenues for research for years to come.
He spent his later years at Bangalore, first at Indian Institute of Science and then at Raman Re-
search Institute. His work has inspired generation of young students.

PHYSICS12
Energy is a scalar quantity.  But all conserved
quantities are not necessarily scalars.  The total
linear momentum and the total angular
momentum (both vectors) of an isolated system
are also conserved quantities.  These laws can
be derived from Newton’s laws of motion in
mechanics.  But their validity goes beyond
mechanics.  They are the basic conservation
laws of nature in all domains, even in those
where Newton’s laws may not be valid.
Besides their great simplicity and generality,
the conservation laws of nature are very useful
in practice too.  It often happens that we cannot
solve the full dynamics of a complex problem
involving different particles and forces. The
conservation laws can still provide useful
results.  For example, we may not know the
complicated forces that act during a collision
of two automobiles; yet momentum
conservation law enables us to bypass the
complications and predict or rule out possible
outcomes of the collision. In nuclear and
elementary particle phenomena also, the
conservation laws are important tools of
analysis.  Indeed, using the conservation laws
of energy and momentum for 
✂ -decay, Wolfgang
Pauli (1900-1958) correctly predicted in 1931
the existence of a new particle (now called
neutrino) emitted in 
✂ -decay along with the
electron.
Conservation laws have a deep connection
with symmetries of nature that you will explore
in more advanced courses in physics.  For
example, an important observation is that the
laws of nature do not change with time!  If you
perform an experiment in your laboratory today
and repeat the same experiment (on the same
objects under identical conditions) after a year,
the results are bound to be the same.  It turns
out that this symmetry of nature with respect to
translation (i.e. displacement) in time is
equivalent to the law of conservation of energy.
Likewise, space is homogeneous and there is no
(intrinsically) preferred location in the universe.
To put it more clearly, the laws of nature are the
same everywhere in the universe. (Caution : the
phenomena may differ from place to place
because of differing conditions at different
locations. For example, the acceleration due to
gravity at the moon is one-sixth that at the earth,
but the law of gravitation is the same both on
the moon and the earth.)  This symmetry of the
laws of nature with respect to translation in
space gives rise to conservation of linear
momentum.  In the same way isotropy of space
(no intrinsically preferred direction in space)
underlies the law of conservation of angular
momentum
*. The conservation laws of charge and
other attributes of elementary particles can also
be related to certain abstract symmetries.
Symmetries of space and time and other abstract
symmetries play a central role in modern theories
of fundamental forces in nature.
* See Chapter 7
Conservation laws in physics
Conservation of energy, momentum, angular
momentum, charge, etc are considered to be
fundamental laws in physics. At this moment,
there are many such conservation laws. Apart from
the above four, there are others which mostly deal
with quantities which have been introduced in
nuclear and particle physics. Some of the
conserved quantities are called spin, baryon
number, strangeness, hypercharge, etc, but you
need not worry about them.
A conservation law is a hypothesis, based on
observations and experiments. It is important to
remember that a conservation law cannot be
proved. It can be verified, or disproved, by
experiments. An experiment whose result is  in
conformity with the law verifies or substantiates
the law; it does not prove the law. On the other
hand, a single experiment whose result goes
against the law is enough to disprove it.
It would be wrong to ask somebody to prove
the law of conservation of energy. This law is an
outcome of our experience over several centuries,
and it has been found to be valid in all
experiments, in mechanics, thermodynamics,
electromagnetism, optics, atomic and nuclear
physics, or any other area.
Some students feel that they can prove the
conservation of mechanical energy from a body
falling under gravity, by adding the kinetic and
potential energies at a point and showing that it
turns out to be constant. As pointed out above,
this is only a verification of the law, not its proof.
PHYSICAL WORLD 13
SUMMARY
1. Physics deals with the study of the basic laws of nature and their manifestation in
different phenomena. The basic laws of physics are universal and apply in widely different
contexts and conditions.
2. The scope of physics is wide, covering a tremendous range of magnitude of physical
quantities.
3. Physics and technology are related to each other.  Sometimes technology gives rise to
new physics; at other times physics generates new technology.  Both have direct impact
on society.
4. There are four fundamental forces in nature that govern the diverse phenomena of the
macroscopic and the microscopic world. These are the ‘gravitational force’, the
‘electromagnetic force’, the ‘strong nuclear force’, and the ‘weak nuclear force’.  Unification
of different forces/domains in nature is a basic quest in physics.
5. The physical quantities that remain unchanged in a process are called conserved
quantities. Some of the general conservation laws in nature include the laws of
conservation of mass, energy, linear momentum, angular momentum, charge, parity,
etc.  Some conservation laws are true for one fundamental force but not for the other.
6. Conservation laws have a deep connection with symmetries of nature.  Symmetries of
space and time, and other types of symmetries play a central role in modern theories of
fundamental forces in nature.
EXERCISES
Note for the student
The exercises given here are meant to enhance your awareness about the issues surrounding
science, technology and society and to encourage you to think and formulate your views
about them.  The questions may not have clear-cut ‘objective’ answers.
Note for the teacher
The exercises given here are not  for the purpose of a formal examination.
1.1 Some of the most profound statements on the nature of science have come from
Albert Einstein, one of the greatest scientists of all time.  What do you think did
Einstein mean when he said :  “The most incomprehensible thing about the world is
that it is comprehensible”?
1.2 “Every great physical theory starts as a heresy and ends as a dogma”. Give some
examples from the history of science of the validity of this incisive remark.
1.3 “Politics is the art of the possible”. Similarly, “Science is the art of the soluble”.
Explain this beautiful aphorism on the nature and practice of science.
1.4 Though India now has a large base in science and technology, which is fast expanding,
it is still a long way from realising its potential of becoming a world leader in science.
Name some important factors, which in your view have hindered the advancement of
science in India.
1.5 No physicist has ever “seen” an electron.  Yet, all physicists believe in the existence of
electrons.  An intelligent but superstitious man advances this analogy to argue that
‘ghosts’ exist even though no one has ‘seen’ one.  How will you refute his argumen t ?
1.6 The shells of crabs found around a particular coastal location in Japan seem mostly
to resemble the legendary face of a Samurai.  Given below are two explanations of this
observed fact.  Which of these strikes you as a scientific explanation ?
(a) A tragic sea accident several centuries ago drowned a young Samurai. As a tribute
to his bravery, nature through its inscrutable ways immortalised his face by
imprinting it on the crab shells in that area.
PHYSICS14
(b) After the sea tragedy, fishermen in that  area, in a gesture of honour to their
dead hero, let free any crab shell caught by them which accidentally had a shape
resembling the face of a Samurai.  Consequently, the particular shape  of the
crab shell survived longer and therefore in course of time the shape was genetically
propagated.  This is an example of evolution by artificial selection.
[Note : This interesting illustration taken from Carl Sagan’s ‘The Cosmos’ highlights
the fact that often strange and inexplicable facts which on the first sight appear
‘supernatural’ actually turn out to have simple scientific explanations. Try to think
out other examples of this kind].
1.7 The industrial revolution in England and Western Europe more than two centuries
ago was triggered by some key scientific and technological advances.  What were these
advances ?
1.8 It is often said that the world is witnessing now a second industrial revolution, which
will transform the society as radically as did the first. List some key contemporary areas
of science and technology, which are responsible for this revolution.
1.9 Write in about 1000 words a fiction piece based on your speculation on the science
and technology of the twenty-second century.
1.10 Attempt to formulate your ‘moral’ views on the practice of science.  Imagine yourself
stumbling upon a discovery, which has great academic interest but is certain to have
nothing but dangerous consequences for the human society.  How, if at all, will you
resolve your dilemma ?
1.11 Science, like any knowledge, can be put to good or bad use, depending on the user.
Given below are some of the applications of science.  Formulate your views on whether
the particular application is good, bad or something that cannot be so clearly
categorised :
(a) Mass vaccination against small pox to curb and finally eradicate this disease
from the population. (This has already been successfully done in India).
(b) Television for eradication of illiteracy and for mass communication of news and
ideas.
(c) Prenatal sex determination
(d) Computers for increase in work efficiency
(e) Putting artificial satellites into orbits  around the Earth
(f ) Development of nuclear weapons
(g) Development of new and powerful techniques of chemical and biological warfare).
(h) Purification of water for drinking
(i) Plastic surgery
(j ) Cloning
1.12 India has had a long and unbroken tradition of great scholarship — in mathematics,
astronomy, linguistics, logic and ethics.  Yet, in parallel with this, several superstitious
and obscurantistic  attitudes and practices flourished in our society and unfortunately
continue even today — among many educated people too. How will you use your
knowledge of science to develop strategies to counter these attitudes ?
1.13 Though the law gives women equal status in India, many people hold unscientific
views on a woman’s innate nature, capacity and intelligence, and in practice give
them a secondary status and role. Demolish this view using scientific arguments, and
by quoting examples of great women in science and other spheres; and persuade yourself
and others that, given equal opportunity, women are on par with men.
1.14 “It is more important to have beauty in the equations of physics than to have them
agree with experiments”. The great British physicist P. A. M. Dirac held this view.
Criticize this statement.  Look out for some equations and results in this book which
strike you as beautiful.
1.15 Though the statement quoted above may be disputed, most physicists do have a feeling
that the great laws of physics are at once simple and beautiful. Some of the notable
physicists, besides Dirac, who have articulated this feeling, are : Einstein, Bohr ,
Heisenberg, Chandrasekhar and Feynman. You are urged to make special efforts to get
PHYSICAL WORLD 15
access to the general books and writings by these and other great masters of physics.
(See the Bibliography at the end of this book.) Their writings are truly inspiring !
1.16 Textbooks on science may give you a wrong impression that studying science is dry
and all too serious and that scientists are absent-minded introverts who never laugh
or grin.  This image of science and scientists is patently false. Scientists, like any
other group of humans, have their share of humorists, and many have led their lives
with a great sense of fun and adventure, even as they seriously pursued their scientific
work. Two great physicists of this genre are Gamow and Feynman. You will enjoy
reading their books listed in the Bibliography.
❈ ❍  ✁✂ ✄ ☎ ✥ ❲ ✆
❯ ◆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ❆ ◆ ✠ ✡ ❊ ❆ ✟ ☛ ☞ ❊ ✌ ❊ ◆ ✞
✷ ✍ ✎ ■ ✏✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕✖✑ ■ ✓ ✏
▼ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✘ ✢ ✧ ★ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✪ ✫ ✘ ✬ ✭ ✚ ✘ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✣ ✧ ✪ ✢ ✮ ✤ ✬ ✮ ✗ ✙ ✫ ✤ ✜ ★ ✘ ✛ ✪ ✙ ✤ ✢
✇ ✪ ✣ ✩ ✘ ✫ ✗ ✛ ✣ ✘ ✪ ✢ ✯ ✘ ✙ ✪ ✫ ✰ ✘ ✛ ✯ ✪ ✣ ✛ ✘ ✛ ✪ ✬ ✧ ✫ ✩ ✤ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✰ ✪ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✘ ✣ ✪ ✤ ✢ ✘ ✬ ✬ ✧
✘ ✫ ✫ ✗ ★ ✣ ✗ ❛ ✛ ✗ ✦ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✢ ✫ ✗ ✙ ✣ ✘ ✢ ❛ ✘ ✛ ❛ ✫ ✘ ✬ ✬ ✗ ❛ ✉ ✱ ✲ ✳✴ ✵ ✩ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✬ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✘
✜ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✘ ★ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✪ ✫ ✘ ✬ ✭ ✚ ✘ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✣ ✧ ✪ ✙ ✗ ♠ ★ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✙ ✗ ❛ ✯ ✧ ✘
✢ ✚ ✜ ✯ ✗ ✛
♥
✤ ✛ ✢ ✚ ✜ ✗ ✛ ✪ ✫ ✘ ✬ ✜ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✗
✶
✘ ✫ ✫ ✤ ✜ ★ ✘ ✢ ✪ ✗ ❛ ✯ ✧ ✘ ✚ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✴
✸
✬ ✣ ✩ ✤ ✚
✹
✩ ✣ ✩ ✗ ✢ ✚ ✜ ✯ ✗ ✛ ✤ ✦ ★ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✪ ✫ ✘ ✬ ✭ ✚ ✘ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✣ ✪ ✗ ✙ ✘ ★ ★ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✯ ✗
✮ ✗ ✛ ✧ ✬ ✘ ✛
✹
✗ ✰ ✇ ✗ ✢ ✗ ✗ ❛ ✤ ✢ ✬ ✧ ✘ ✬ ✪ ✜ ✪ ✣ ✗ ❛ ✢ ✚ ✜ ✯ ✗ ✛ ✤ ✦ ✚ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✦ ✤ ✛
✗ ♠ ★ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✙ ✪ ✢
✹
✘ ✬ ✬ ✣ ✩ ✗ ★ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✪ ✫ ✘ ✬ ✭ ✚ ✘ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✣ ✪ ✗ ✙ ✰ ✙ ✪ ✢ ✫ ✗ ✣ ✩ ✗ ✧ ✘ ✛ ✗ ✪ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✛
✺
✛ ✗ ✬ ✘ ✣ ✗ ❛ ✇ ✪ ✣ ✩ ✤ ✢ ✗ ✘ ✢ ✤ ✣ ✩ ✗ ✛ ✴ ✵ ✩ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✦ ✤ ✛ ✣ ✩ ✗ ✦ ✚ ✢ ❛ ✘ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✘ ✬ ✤ ✛
✯ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✭ ✚ ✘ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✣ ✪ ✗ ✙ ✘ ✛ ✗ ✫ ✘ ✬ ✬ ✗ ❛
❢
✉ ✱
✻ ✼ ✽ ✾
✱ ✳
✼ ✿
✤ ✛
❜ ✼ ❀ ✾
✉ ✱ ✲ ✳
❀
✴ ✵ ✩ ✗
✚ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✘ ✬ ✬ ✤ ✣ ✩ ✗ ✛ ★ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✪ ✫ ✘ ✬ ✭ ✚ ✘ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✣ ✪ ✗ ✙ ✫ ✘ ✢ ✯ ✗ ✗ ♠ ★ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✙ ✗ ❛ ✘ ✙
✫ ✤ ✜ ✯ ✪ ✢ ✘ ✣ ✪ ✤ ✢ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✣ ✩ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✴
❝
✚ ✫ ✩ ✚ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✤ ✯ ✣ ✘ ✪ ✢ ✗ ❛ ✦ ✤ ✛ ✣ ✩ ✗
❛ ✗ ✛ ✪ ✮ ✗ ❛ ✭ ✚ ✘ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✣ ✪ ✗ ✙ ✘ ✛ ✗ ✫ ✘ ✬ ✬ ✗ ❛
✻ ✾ ❞
✲
❁ ✾ ✻
✉ ✱ ✲ ✳
❀
✴
✸
✫ ✤ ✜ ★ ✬ ✗ ✣ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✣
✤ ✦ ✣ ✩ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✰ ✯ ✤ ✣ ✩ ✣ ✩ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✘ ✢ ❛ ❛ ✗ ✛ ✪ ✮ ✗ ❛ ✚ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✰ ✪ ✙
❦ ✢ ✤ ✇ ✢ ✘ ✙ ✣ ✩ ✗
❀
s
❀
✳
✾ ✽
❂
❢
✉ ✱ ✲ ✳
❀
❃
✷ ✍ ✷ ✑
❚ ❄
■ ✏ ✑
❄
✒ ✏
❅
✑ ■ ✓ ✏
❅ ❇ ❉ ❋ ❉
✑
❄ ●
✓
❏
✕ ✏ ■ ✑
❉
❑
✢ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✬ ✪ ✗ ✛ ✣ ✪ ✜ ✗ ✙ ✫ ✪ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✙ ✣ ✙ ✤ ✦ ❛ ✪ ✦ ✦ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✚ ✢ ✣ ✛ ✪ ✗ ✙ ✇ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✪ ✢
✹
❛ ✪ ✦ ✦ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✜ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✚ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✦ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✴ ✵ ✩ ✛ ✗ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✫ ✩
✙ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✜ ✙ ✰ ✣ ✩ ✗
▲❖ ❝
✰ ✣ ✩ ✗
P ◗ ❝ ♥
✤ ✛
❘
✛ ✪ ✣ ✪ ✙ ✩
✶
✙ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✜ ✘ ✢ ❛ ✣ ✩ ✗ ▼
❙ ❝
✙ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✜ ✇ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✪ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✗ ♠ ✣ ✗ ✢ ✙ ✪ ✮ ✗ ✬ ✧ ✣ ✪ ✬ ✬ ✛ ✗ ✫ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✬ ✧ ✴
✵ ✩ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✦ ✤ ✛ ✬ ✗ ✢
✹
✣ ✩ ✰ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✙ ✘ ✢ ❛ ✣ ✪ ✜ ✗ ✪ ✢ ✣ ✩ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✜ ✙
✇ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✦ ✤ ✬ ✬ ✤ ✇ ✙
❱
⑨ ❑
✢
▲ ❖ ❝
✙ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✗ ✧ ✇ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✫ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✛ ✗ ✰
✹
✛ ✘ ✜ ✘ ✢ ❛ ✙ ✗ ✫ ✤ ✢ ❛
✛ ✗ ✙ ★ ✗ ✫ ✣ ✪ ✮ ✗ ✬ ✧ ✴
⑨ ❑
✢
P ◗ ❝
✙ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✗ ✧ ✇ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✦ ✤ ✤ ✣ ✰ ★ ✤ ✚ ✢ ❛ ✘ ✢ ❛ ✙ ✗ ✫ ✤ ✢ ❛
✛ ✗ ✙ ★ ✗ ✫ ✣ ✪ ✮ ✗ ✬ ✧ ✴
⑨ ❑
✢ ▼
❙ ❝
✙ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✗ ✧ ✇ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✛ ✗ ✰ ❦ ✪ ✬ ✤
✹
✛ ✘ ✜ ✘ ✢ ❛ ✙ ✗ ✫ ✤ ✢ ❛
✛ ✗ ✙ ★ ✗ ✫ ✣ ✪ ✮ ✗ ✬ ✧ ✴
✵ ✩ ✗ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✦ ✚ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✇ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✩ ✪ ✙ ✘ ✣ ★ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✘ ✣ ✪ ✤ ✢ ✘ ✬ ✬ ✧
✘ ✫ ✫ ✗ ★ ✣ ✗ ❛ ✦ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✙ ✣ ✩ ✗ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❬ ❫ ❡ ❵ ❣ ❬ ❤ ✐ ❵ ❣ ❥ ❫
❧ ♦ ♣
❵ ❤ ❬ ❫ ❩
♥ P
✛ ✗ ✢ ✫ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✛
❑
✢ ✣ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✘ ✣ ✪ ✤ ✢ ✘ ✬
❝
✧ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✦
q
✢ ✪ ✣ ✙
✶
✰
✘ ✯ ✯ ✛ ✗ ✮ ✪ ✘ ✣ ✗ ❛ ✘ ✙
❝ ❑
✴ ✵ ✩ ✗
❝ ❑
✰ ✇ ✪ ✣ ✩ ✙ ✣ ✘ ✢ ❛ ✘ ✛ ❛ ✙ ✫ ✩ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✤ ✦ ✙ ✧ ✜ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✙ ✰
✚ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✘ ✢ ❛ ✘ ✯ ✯ ✛ ✗ ✮ ✪ ✘ ✣ ✪ ✤ ✢ ✙ ✰ ✇ ✘ ✙ ❛ ✗ ✮ ✗ ✬ ✤ ★ ✗ ❛ ✘ ✢ ❛ ✛ ✗ ✫ ✤ ✜ ✜ ✗ ✢ ❛ ✗ ❛
✯ ✧
❖
✗ ✢ ✗ ✛ ✘ ✬
▲
✤ ✢ ✦ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✢ ✫ ✗ ✤ ✢ r ✗ ✪
✹
✩ ✣ ✙ ✘ ✢ ❛ ▼ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✪ ✢ t ✈ ① t ✦ ✤ ✛
✷ ✍ ✎
②③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧⑩ ④ ❶ ⑥ ③
✷ ✍ ✷ ❷ ❸ ❹
❶ ③ ④
❹
⑤ ③
❺
④ ❶ ⑥ ③
❺ ❻ ❼ ❽ ❼
④
❹ ❾
⑥
❿
⑧ ③ ❶ ④
❼
✷ ✍
➀ ➁
❹ ❺ ❼
⑧⑤
❹ ❾ ❹
③ ④ ⑥
❿ ❻ ❹
③ ➂④
❸
✷ ✍ ➃
➁
❹ ❺ ❼
⑧⑤
❹ ❾ ❹
③ ④ ⑥
❿ ❾ ❺ ❼ ❼
✷ ✍
➄ ➁
❹ ❺ ❼
⑧⑤
❹ ❾ ❹
③ ④ ⑥
❿
④ ❶
❾ ❹
✷ ✍ ➅ ➆
⑩ ⑩ ⑧ ⑤
❺
⑩
❽➇ ➈
⑤
❹
⑩ ❶
❼
❶ ⑥ ③ ⑥
❿
❶ ③
❼
④ ⑤ ⑧
❾ ❹
③ ④
❼ ❺
③ ⑦
❹
⑤ ⑤ ⑥ ⑤
❼
❶ ③
❾ ❹ ❺ ❼
⑧ ⑤
❹ ❾ ❹
③ ④
✷ ✍ ➉ ➊
❶ ➂③ ❶
❿
❶ ⑩
❺
③ ④
❿
❶ ➂ ⑧ ⑤
❹ ❼
✷ ✍
➋ ➌ ❶
❾ ❹
③
❼
❶ ⑥ ③
❼
⑥
❿ ➈ ❸ ❽ ❼
❶ ⑩
❺ ❻
➍ ⑧
❺
③ ④ ❶ ④ ❶
❹ ❼
✷ ✍
➎ ➌ ❶
❾ ❹
③
❼
❶ ⑥ ③
❺ ❻ ❿
⑥ ⑤
❾
⑧
❻ ❺ ❹ ❺
③ ⑦
⑦ ❶
❾ ❹
③
❼
❶ ⑥ ③
❺ ❻ ❹
➍ ⑧
❺
④ ❶ ⑥ ③
❼
✷ ✍ ✎ ➏
➌ ❶
❾ ❹
③
❼
❶ ⑥ ③
❺ ❻ ❺
③
❺ ❻ ❽ ❼
❶
❼ ❺
③ ⑦ ❶ ④
❼
❺ ➈ ➈ ❻
❶ ⑩
❺
④ ❶ ⑥ ③
❼
➊
⑧
❾ ❾ ❺
⑤
❽
➐ ➑ ❹
⑤ ⑩ ❶
❼ ❹ ❼
➆
⑦ ⑦ ❶ ④ ❶ ⑥ ③
❺ ❻ ❹ ➑ ❹
⑤ ⑩ ❶
❼ ❹ ❼
✐   ✁ ✂ ✄   ☎ ✁ ✐ ✆   ☎ ✝ ✞ ✟ ☎ ✠ ✂ ✐   ✟ ✡ ✐ ✂   ✁ ✐ ☛ ✐ ✡ ☞ ✁ ✂ ✡ ✌   ✐ ✡ ☎ ✝ ☞
✐  
✍
✞ ✟ ✁ ✄ ✐ ☎ ✝ ☎  
✍
✡ ✆
✎ ✎
✂ ✄ ✡ ✐ ☎ ✝
✏
✆ ✄
✑ ✒ ✓
✂ ✡ ☎ ✞ ✟ ✂
✔ ✕
✞   ✐ ✁ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✂
✍ ✍
✂ ✡ ✐
✎
☎ ✝ ✟
✉
✟ ✁ ✂
✎
☞ ✡ ✆  
✖
✂ ✄ ✟ ✐ ✆   ✟
✏
✐ ✁ ✌ ✐  
✁ ✌ ✂ ✟
✉
✟ ✁ ✂
✎
☎ ✄ ✂ ❡ ✞ ✐ ✁ ✂ ✟ ✐
✎
✗ ✝ ✂ ☎  
✍
✡ ✆  
✖
✂   ✐ ✂   ✁
✒
✘ ✂
✟ ✌ ☎ ✝ ✝ ☛ ✆ ✝ ✝ ✆
✏
✁ ✌ ✂
✔ ✕
✞   ✐ ✁ ✟ ✐   ✁ ✌ ✐ ✟
s
✆ ✆
✑ ✒
✕
 
✔ ✕
☞ ✁ ✌ ✂ ✄ ✂ ☎ ✄ ✂ ✟ ✂
✖
✂  
s
☎ ✟ ✂ ✞   ✐ ✁ ✟ ☎ ✟ ✠ ✐
✖
✂   ✐  
❚ ☎
s
✝ ✂ ✙
✒
✚
✒ ✓
✂ ✟ ✐
✍
✂ ✟ ✁ ✌ ✂ ✟ ✂
✖
✂  
s
☎ ✟ ✂ ✞   ✐ ✁ ✟ ☞ ✁ ✌ ✂ ✄ ✂
☎ ✄ ✂ ✁
✏
✆
✎
✆ ✄ ✂ ✞   ✐ ✁ ✟ ✁ ✌ ☎ ✁ ☎ ✄ ✂
✍
✂ ☛ ✐   ✂
✍
☛ ✆ ✄
❛
☎
✛
✗ ✝ ☎   ✂
☎   ✠ ✝ ✂
✍
✜ ☎ ✟ ✁ ✌ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✁ ✐ ✆ ✆ ☛ ✝ ✂   ✠ ✁ ✌ ✆ ☛ ☎ ✄ ✡
✍
✢ ✁ ✆ ✁ ✌ ✂
✄ ☎
✍
✐ ✞ ✟ r ☎  
✍ ❛ s ✛
✟ ✆ ✝ ✐
✍
☎   ✠ ✝ ✂
✍
✣ ☎ ✟ ✁ ✌ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✁ ✐ ✆ ✆ ☛
✁ ✌ ✂ ✐   ✁ ✂ ✄ ✡ ✂ ✗ ✁ ✂
✍
☎ ✄ ✂ ☎
✍ ❆
✆ ☛ ✁ ✌ ✂ ✟ ✗ ✌ ✂ ✄ ✐ ✡ ☎ ✝ ✟ ✞ ✄ ☛ ☎ ✡ ✂ ☞
✍
✂ ✟ ✡ ✄ ✐
s
✂
✍
☎
s
✆ ✞ ✁ ✁ ✌ ✂ ☎ ✗ ✂ ❞ ✤ ☎ ✟ ✁ ✌ ✂ ✡ ✂   ✁ ✄ ✂ ☞ ✁ ✆
✁ ✌ ✂ ✟ ❡ ✞ ☎ ✄ ✂ ✆ ☛ ✐ ✁ ✟ ✄ ☎
✍
✐ ✞ ✟ r ☞ ☎ ✟ ✟ ✌ ✆
✏
  ✐   ✱ ✐ ✠
✒
✙
✒
✚
❛
☎
✛
☎  
✍ ❛ s ✛
✄ ✂ ✟ ✗ ✂ ✡ ✁ ✐
✖
✂ ✝
✉ ✒
❚ ✌ ✂ ✞   ✐ ✁ ☛ ✆ ✄ ✗ ✝ ☎   ✂ ☎   ✠ ✝ ✂ ✐ ✟
✄ ☎
✍
✐ ☎  
✏
✐ ✁ ✌ ✁ ✌ ✂ ✟
✉ ✎ s
✆ ✝ ✄ ☎
✍
☎  
✍
✁ ✌ ✂ ✞   ✐ ✁ ☛ ✆ ✄ ✁ ✌ ✂
✟ ✆ ✝ ✐
✍
☎   ✠ ✝ ✂ ✐ ✟ ✟ ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎
✍
✐ ☎  
✏
✐ ✁ ✌ ✁ ✌ ✂ ✟
✉ ✎ s
✆ ✝ ✟ ✄
✒ ✓
✆ ✁ ✌
✁ ✌ ✂ ✟ ✂ ☎ ✄ ✂
✍
✐
✎
✂   ✟ ✐ ✆   ✝ ✂ ✟ ✟ ❡ ✞ ☎   ✁ ✐ ✁ ✐ ✂ ✟
✒
✥ ✦ ✧ ★✩ ✪ ✫✬ ❙ ✭ ✮ ✦ ✯ ✩ ✰ ✲ ✦ ✳✴ ✵ ✴ ✵ ✩ ✯ ✦ ✳ ✶ ✷ ✳ ✵ ✴ ✯ ✸
❯ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✹ ✾ ✿ ❀ ✽ ✼ ❯ ❁ ❀ ✿ ❀ ✹ ✻ ❂ ❃
❄ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❉❊ ❋ ● ❈ ❍ ■❈ ❏ ❑▲ ▼❏ ❈ ◆ ❇ ❈❖ ❈ ❏ ❈❈◆ ❏ ▼ ❑ P ❈ ❖ ❈ ■❈■ P ❈❖ ❈◆ ▼ ❖ ❊ ❍◗ ❈◆ ▲ ❏ ❊ ❑❈ ❍ ❑❘ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❱ ❊ ❖ ❈ ❲ ▲ ❉ ❈❏ ❇ ❈❖ ❈ ▼❏ ❋ ❱ ❑▼ ▲ ❏ ◆ ▲ ❳ ❊ ❑❈ ❑❇ ❈
❈❨ ❑ ❈❏ ❑ ▼ ❩ ❊ ❳ ❳ ● ❖ ❊ ❳ ❱ ❑▼ ❬ ❇ ▲ ❳ ❇ ❑❇ ❈ ❱ ❊ ❖ ❈ ■❈❊ ❍● ❖ ❈◆ ❘ ❭ ▲ ❑❇ ❪ ❖ ▼❲ ❖ ❈ ❍❍ ▲ ❏ ❑❈❳ ❇ ❏ ▼ ❋ ▼❲ ❱ ❫ ❑❇ ❈ ■❈❊ ❍● ❖ ▲ ❏ ❲ ❑❈❳ ❇ ❏ ▲ ❴ ● ❈ ❍ ❲ ❈ ❑
▲ ■ ❪ ❖ ▼ ❉❈◆ ❋ ❈❊ ◆ ▲ ❏ ❲ ❑▼ ■❈❊ ❍● ❖ ❈ ■❈❏ ❑ ❍ ❬▲ ❑❇ ❲ ❖ ❈❊ ❑ ❈ ❖ ❪ ❖ ❈ ❳ ▲ ❍▲ ▼ ❏ ❘ ❅ ❇ ❈ ◆ ❈ ❩▲ ❏ ▲ ❑ ▲ ▼ ❏ ❍ ▼ ❩ P ❊ ❍❈ ● ❏ ▲ ❑ ❍ ❊ ❖ ❈ ❖ ❈ ❉▲ ❍ ❈ ◆ ❑▼ ◗ ❈❈ ❪ ● ❪
❬▲ ❑❇ ❑❇ ▲ ❍ ❪ ❖ ▼❲ ❖ ❈ ❍❍❘
❛
☎
✛
❛ s ✛
❵ ❜ ❝ ❢ ❣ ❢ ❤ ❥ ❈ ❍ ❳ ❖ ▲ ❪ ❑▲ ▼❏ ▼❩ ❦ ❊ ❧ ❪ ❋ ❊ ❏ ❈ ❊ ❏ ❲ ❋ ❈ ◆ ♠ ❊ ❏ ◆
❦ P ❧ ❍▼ ❋ ▲ ◆ ❊ ❏ ❲ ❋ ❈
♥ ♦
♣
q t ✈ ✇ ①② ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ✈
⑦ ⑧ t ④ ⑥ ⑤ ⑥ ⑨ ⑩ t ❶ ✇ ① ⑨ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺✇ ❻ ⑤ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑤ ❸ ④
❼❽ ❾❿ ➀ ➁ ➂ ❽ ➀ ➃ ❽ ➂ ➄ ➁ ❽ ➂ ❽ ➀ ➃ ❽ ➅➆ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➇ ❽ ❾❿➀ ➁ ➈ ➉ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➊ ➋ ➀ ➁ ➀ ➃ ➋ ➌ ❽ ➇➇ ❽ ➍ ➎ ➏ ➇➅❿ ➁ ➀ ➅ ❾ ➌ ➋ ➐ ➑ ➑ ➂
➍ ➑ ➃ ➅ ❾ ❿ ➋ ➀ ➅➂ ❽ ➅ ❾ ➀ ❽ ➃ ➌ ➋ ➇ ➈ ➉ ➒ ➓➔ → → ➣ ↔ → ➔ ➣ ↕ ➙ ➛ ➈ ➉ ➋ ➆ ❽ ➐ ➈ ❾➍ ➜ ➝➒ → ➛ ➞ ➟
➠
➋ ➆ ➆
➡
➅ ➇➈ ❿ ➃ ➋ ➂
➡
❿ ➄ ➁❽
➡
➅ ➇ ➈ ❿➃ ➋ ➂ ➅➆ ❽
➢
➑ ➋ ➇ ➀ ➈ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➂ ➋ ➆ ➆ ➈ ➉ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➅ ❾ ➀ ❽ ➃ ❾ ➋ ➀ ➅ ➈ ❾➋ ➇ ➊ ➃ ➈ ➀ ➈ ➀ ➏ ➊ ❽
➈ ➉ ➀ ➁ ❽
➡
➅ ➇ ➈ ❿➃ ➋ ➂ ➝➋ ➊ ➇ ➋ ➀ ➅ ❾ ➑ ➂
➤
➅➃ ➅ ➍ ➅➑ ➂ ➋ ➇➇ ➈ ➏ ➐ ➏ ➇ ➅ ❾➍ ❽ ➃ ➟
➡
❽ ➊ ➀ ➋ ➀
➅ ❾ ➀ ❽ ➃ ❾ ➋ ➀ ➅➈ ❾ ➋ ➇
➥
➑ ➃ ❽ ➋ ➑ ➈ ➉
➦
❽ ➅ ❿ ➁ ➀ ➆ ➋ ❾➍
➠
❽ ➋ ➆ ➑ ➃ ❽ ➆ ➣ ➋ ➀
➧
❽ ➌ ➃ ❽ ➆ ➣ ❾❽ ➋ ➃
➨
➋ ➃ ➅➆ ➣
➩
➃ ➋ ❾ ➐ ❽ ➜ ➝➒ ➛ ➛ → ➟
➄ ➅ ➂ ❽ ➆ ❽ ➐ ➈ ❾ ➍ ➆ ➄ ➁❽ ➆ ❽ ➐ ➈ ❾➍ ➅➆ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➍ ➑ ➃ ➋ ➀ ➅ ➈ ❾ ➈ ➉ → ➣ ➒ → ➔ ➣
➫
➞ ➒ ➣ ↔ ↔
➭
➊ ❽ ➃ ➅➈ ➍ ➆ ➈ ➉ ➀ ➁ ❽
➃ ➋ ➍ ➅➋ ➀ ➅➈ ❾ ➐ ➈ ➃ ➃ ❽ ➆ ➊ ➈ ❾➍ ➅❾ ❿ ➀ ➈ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➀ ➃ ➋ ❾ ➆ ➅➀ ➅➈ ❾ ➎ ❽ ➀
➯
❽ ❽ ❾ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➀
➯
➈
➁ ➏ ➊ ❽ ➃ ➉ ➅ ❾ ❽ ➇ ❽ ➌ ❽ ➇ ➆ ➈ ➉ ➀ ➁ ❽ ❿➃ ➈ ➑ ❾➍ ➆ ➀ ➋ ➀ ❽ ➈ ➉ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➐ ❽ ➆ ➅ ➑ ➂
➤
➒ ➞ ➞ ➋ ➀ ➈ ➂ ➜
➝ ➒ →
➫
↔ ➟
➲ ➇ ❽ ➐ ➀ ➃ ➅ ➐ ➋ ➂ ➊ ❽ ➃ ❽ ➳ ➄ ➁ ❽ ➋ ➂ ➊ ❽ ➃ ❽ ➅➆ ➀ ➁ ➋ ➀ ➐ ➈ ❾ ➆ ➀ ➋ ❾ ➀ ➐ ➑ ➃ ➃ ❽ ❾ ➀
➯
➁ ➅ ➐ ➁➣ ➅ ➉ ➂ ➋ ➅ ❾ ➀ ➋ ➅ ❾ ❽ ➍ ➅ ❾
➐ ➑ ➃ ➃ ❽ ❾ ➀ ➀
➯
➈ ➆ ➀ ➃ ➋ ➅❿ ➁ ➀ ➊ ➋ ➃ ➋ ➇➇ ❽ ➇ ➐ ➈ ❾➍ ➑ ➐ ➀ ➈ ➃ ➆ ➈ ➉ ➅ ❾➉ ➅ ❾ ➅➀ ❽ ➇ ❽ ❾ ❿➀ ➁➣ ➈ ➉ ❾ ❽ ❿ ➇ ➅❿➅ ➎ ➇ ❽
➐ ➅➃ ➐ ➑ ➇ ➋ ➃ ➐ ➃ ➈ ➆ ➆
➤
➆ ❽ ➐ ➀ ➅➈ ❾➣ ➋ ❾➍ ➊ ➇ ➋ ➐ ❽ ➍ ➒ ➂ ❽ ➀ ➃ ❽ ➋ ➊ ➋ ➃ ➀ ➅ ❾ ➌ ➋ ➐ ➑ ➑ ➂ ➣
➯
➈ ➑ ➇ ➍ ➊ ➃ ➈ ➍ ➑ ➐ ❽ ➎ ❽ ➀
➯
❽ ❽ ❾ ➀ ➁❽ ➆ ❽ ➐ ➈ ❾ ➍ ➑ ➐ ➀ ➈ ➃ ➆ ➋ ➉ ➈ ➃ ➐ ❽ ❽
➢
➑ ➋ ➇ ➀ ➈ ➔ ➵➒
➭
➸ ➺
❾ ❽
➯
➀ ➈ ❾ ➊ ❽ ➃ ➂ ❽ ➀ ➃ ❽ ➈ ➉ ➇ ❽ ❾ ❿➀ ➁➜ ➝➒ → ↕ ➛ ➟
➄ ➁❽ ➃ ➂ ➈
➡
❽ ➇ ➌ ➅ ❾
➻
➄ ➁ ❽
➡
❽ ➇➌ ➅ ❾➣ ➅➆ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➉ ➃ ➋ ➐ ➀ ➅➈ ❾ ➒ ➓➔ ↔ ➞ ➜ ➒
➫
➈ ➉ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➃ ➂ ➈ ➍ ➏ ❾ ➋ ➂ ➅➐
➍ ➏ ❾➋ ➂ ➅ ➐ ➀ ❽ ➂ ➊ ❽ ➃ ➋ ➀ ➑ ➃ ❽ ➈ ➉ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➀ ➃ ➅ ➊ ➇ ❽ ➊ ➈ ➅ ❾ ➀ ➈ ➉
➯
➋ ➀ ❽ ➃ ➜ ➝➒ →
➫
↔ ➟
➄ ❽ ➂ ➊ ❽ ➃ ➋ ➀ ➑ ➃ ❽
➳ ➂ ➈ ➑ ❾➀ ➈ ➉ ➂ ➈ ➇❽ ➂ ➈ ➇ ➄ ➁ ❽ ➂ ➈ ➇ ❽ ➅ ➆ ➀ ➁❽ ➋ ➂ ➈ ➑ ❾➀ ➈ ➉ ➆ ➑ ➎ ➆ ➀ ➋ ❾➐ ❽ ➈ ➉ ➋ ➆ ➏ ➆ ➀ ❽ ➂ ➣
➯
➁➅ ➐ ➁ ➐ ➈ ❾➀ ➋ ➅ ❾➆
➆ ➑ ➎ ➆ ➀ ➋ ❾➐ ❽ ➋ ➆ ➂ ➋ ❾ ➏ ❽ ➇ ❽ ➂ ❽ ❾ ➀ ➋ ➃ ➏ ❽ ❾ ➀ ➅➀ ➅❽ ➆ ➋ ➆ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➃ ❽ ➋ ➃ ❽ ➋ ➀ ➈ ➂ ➆ ➅ ❾
➭
➜
➭
➒ ➔
➡
➅ ➇ ➈ ❿➃ ➋ ➂ ➈ ➉ ➐ ➋ ➃ ➎ ➈ ❾
➤
➒ ➔ ➜ ➝➒ → ↔ ➒ ➟
❼ ➑ ➂ ➅ ❾➈ ➑ ➆ ➐ ➋ ❾ ➍ ❽ ➇➋ ➐ ➍ ➄ ➁ ❽ ➐ ➋ ❾➍ ❽ ➇ ➋ ➅➆ ➀ ➁ ❽ ➇ ➑ ➂ ➅ ❾ ➈ ➑ ➆ ➅ ❾ ➀ ❽ ❾ ➆ ➅➀ ➏ ➣ ➅ ❾ ➋ ❿➅ ➌ ❽ ❾
➅ ❾➀ ❽ ❾➆ ➅ ➀ ➏ ➍ ➅➃ ❽ ➐ ➀ ➅➈ ❾➣ ➈ ➉ ➋ ➆ ➈ ➑ ➃ ➐ ❽ ➀ ➁ ➋ ➀ ❽ ➂ ➅➀ ➆ ➂ ➈ ❾ ➈ ➐ ➁ ➃ ➈ ➂ ➋ ➀ ➅➐ ➃ ➋ ➍ ➅➋ ➀ ➅➈ ❾ ➈ ➉
➉ ➃ ❽
➢
➑ ❽ ❾ ➐ ➏ ➙ ↕
➭
➵ ➒
➭
➼ ➽
➁ ❽ ➃ ➀ ➾ ➋ ❾➍ ➀ ➁ ➋ ➀ ➁ ➋ ➆ ➋ ➃ ➋ ➍ ➅➋ ❾ ➀ ➅ ❾ ➀ ❽ ❾ ➆ ➅➀ ➏ ➅ ❾
➀ ➁ ➋ ➀ ➍ ➅➃ ❽ ➐ ➀ ➅➈ ❾ ➈ ➉ ➒ ➓
➫
➛ ➞
➯
➋ ➀ ➀ ➊ ❽ ➃ ➆ ➀ ❽ ➃ ➋ ➍ ➅➋ ❾➜ ➝➒ → ↔ → ➟
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆
❚ ✝ ✞ ✟✠ ✡ ☛ ✡ ❙ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✍ ✎✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✝ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✓ ✖ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✝ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✠ ✗ ❚ ✘ ☞ ✍ ✖ ✘ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✠ ❙ ✙ ✚
◆✛ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✤ ✜ ✥ ✣ ✢ ✦ ✧ ✛ ★ ✢ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✪ ✢ ✬ ✭ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✢ ★ ✢ ✧ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✤ ✮ ✯
✢ ✦ ✜ ✩ ✜ ✩ ✢ ✪ ✧ ✫ ✪ ✜ ❡ ✢ ✪ ✰ ✢ ✱ ✩ ✲ ✩ ✢ ✬ ✳ ✴ ✣ ✢ ✪ ✢ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✩ ✜ ✩ ✢ ✪
✧ ✤ ✯ ❡ ✢ ✤ ✜ ✛ ✧ ✪ ✭ ✧ ✛ ★ ✢ ✱ ✫ ★ ✢ ✪ ✭ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✪ ✭ ✢ ★ ✢ ✱ ✜ ✮ ✛ ✦ ✪ ✭
✛ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✮ ✰ ✤ ✮ ✜ ✩ ✱ ★ ✢ ✪ ✛ ✮ ✪ ✰ ✢ ✱ ✩ ✲ ✩ ✢ ✬
♦
✮ ✛ ✫ ✰ ✪ ✛ ✲ ✪ ✫ ✱ ✣
✰ ✤ ✮ ✜ ✩ ✱ ★ ✢ ✪ ✳
❲ ✢ ✢ ✧ ✰ ★ ✛ ✯ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✪ ✲ ✛ ✮ ✪ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✰ ✣ ✯ ✪ ✩ ✱ ✤ ★ ✵ ✫ ✤ ✦ ✜ ✩ ✜ ✩ ✢ ✪
✜ ✣ ✤ ✜ ✱ ✤ ✦ ❡ ✢ ✬ ✢ ✮ ✩
t
✢ ✬ ✲ ✮ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✪ ✢
t
✢ ✦ ❡ ✤ ✪ ✢ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✪
✷ ✸
✰ ✰ ✢ ✦ ✬ ✩
✹ ✸ ✺ ✻
✳
✼
✛ ✧ ✢ ✬ ✢ ✮ ✩
t
✢ ✬ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✪ ✩ ✦ ✜ ✢ ✮ ✧ ✪ ✛ ✲
✜ ✣ ✢
✼
✽ ❡ ✤ ✪ ✢ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✪ ✤ ✮ ✢
♦
✩
t
✢ ✦ ✩ ✦
✷ ✸
✰ ✰ ✢ ✦ ✬ ✩
✹ ✸ ✺
✳ ✾
✻
✳
✼
✛ ✧ ✢
✼
✽ ✬ ✢ ✮ ✩
t
✢ ✬ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✪ ✤ ✮ ✢
♦
✩
t
✢ ✦ ✪ ✰ ✢ ✱ ✩ ✤ ★ ✦ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪
✷ ✸
✰ ✰ ✢ ✦ ✬ ✩
✹ ✸ ✺
✳ ✿
✻
✤ ✦ ✬ ✪ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✬ ✢ ✮ ✩
t
✢ ✬
✼
✽ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✪ ✧ ✤ ❀ ✢
✫ ✪ ✢ ✛ ✲ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✪ ✢ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✪ ✥ ✩ ✜ ✣ ✪ ✰ ✢ ✱ ✩ ✤ ★ ✦ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✤ ✦ ✬ ✜ ✣ ✢
✪ ✢
t
✢ ✦ ❡ ✤ ✪ ✢ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✪
✷ ✸
✰ ✰ ✢ ✦ ✬ ✩
✹ ✸ ✺
✳
s ✻
✳ ✴ ✣ ✢ ✪ ✢ ✤ ✮ ✢
♦
✩
t
✢ ✦ ✩ ✦
✸
✰ ✰ ✢ ✦ ✬ ✩
✹ ✸ ✺
✳ ✿ ✤ ✦ ✬
✸ ✺
✳
s
✲ ✛ ✮ ✯ ✛ ✫ ✮ ✮ ✢ ✤ ✬ ✯
✮ ✢ ✲ ✢ ✮ ✢ ✦ ✱ ✢ ✳
r
✜ ✣ ✢ ✮ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✪ ✮ ✢ ✜ ✤ ✩ ✦ ✢ ✬ ✲ ✛ ✮
♦
✢ ✦ ✢ ✮ ✤ ★ ✫ ✪ ✢
✤ ✮ ✢
♦
✩
t
✢ ✦ ✩ ✦ ✴ ✤ ❡ ★ ✢ ✿ ✳ ✿ ✳
❈
✛ ✧ ✧ ✛ ✦
✼
✽ ✰ ✮ ✢ ✲ ✩
✹
✢ ✪ ✤ ✦ ✬ ✪ ✯ ✧ ❡ ✛ ★ ✪ ✲ ✛ ✮ ✧ ✫ ★ ✜ ✩ ✰ ★ ✢ ✪
✤ ✦ ✬ ✪ ✫ ❡ ❛ ✧ ✫ ★ ✜ ✩ ✰ ★ ✢ ✪ ✤ ✮ ✢
♦
✩
t
✢ ✦ ✩ ✦
✸
✰ ✰ ✢ ✦ ✬ ✩
✹ ✸
✿ ✳
● ✢ ✦ ✢ ✮ ✤ ★
♦
✫ ✩ ✬ ✢ ★ ✩ ✦ ✢ ✪ ✲ ✛ ✮ ✫ ✪ ✩ ✦
♦
✪ ✯ ✧ ❡ ✛ ★ ✪ ✲ ✛ ✮ ✰ ✣ ✯ ✪ ✩ ✱ ✤ ★
✵ ✫ ✤ ✦ ✜ ✩ ✜ ✩ ✢ ✪ ✭ ✱ ✣ ✢ ✧ ✩ ✱ ✤ ★ ✢ ★ ✢ ✧ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✪ ✤ ✦ ✬ ✦ ✫ ✱ ★ ✩ ✬ ✢ ✪ ✤ ✮ ✢
♦
✩
t
✢ ✦ ✩ ✦
✸
✰ ✰ ✢ ✦ ✬ ✩
✹ ✸
❣ ✤ ✦ ✬ ✜ ✣ ✛ ✪ ✢ ✲ ✛ ✮
✼
✽ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✪ ✤ ✦ ✬
✪ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✮ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✪ ✤ ✮ ✢
♦
✩
t
✢ ✦ ✩ ✦
✸
✰ ✰ ✢ ✦ ✬ ✩
✹ ✸
❁ ✲ ✛ ✮
✯ ✛ ✫ ✮
♦
✫ ✩ ✬ ✤ ✦ ✱ ✢ ✤ ✦ ✬ ✮ ✢ ✤ ✬ ✯ ✮ ✢ ✲ ✢ ✮ ✢ ✦ ✱ ✢ ✳
❂ ❃ ❄ ▼ ❅ ❆ ❇ ❉❊ ❅ ▼ ❅ ❋ ❍ ■ ❏ ❑ ❅ ❋ ▲ ❍ ❖
❨ ✛ ✫ ✤ ✮ ✢ ✤ ★ ✮ ✢ ✤ ✬ ✯ ✲ ✤ ✧ ✩ ★ ✩ ✤ ✮ ✥ ✩ ✜ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✬ ✩ ✮ ✢ ✱ ✜ ✧ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✛ ✬ ✪
✲ ✛ ✮ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✧ ✢ ✤ ✪ ✫ ✮ ✢ ✧ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✛ ✲ ★ ✢ ✦
♦
✜ ✣ ✳
♠
✛ ✮ ✢
✹
✤ ✧ ✰ ★ ✢ ✭ ✤
✧ ✢ ✜ ✮ ✢ ✪ ✱ ✤ ★ ✢ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✪ ✢ ✬ ✲ ✛ ✮ ★ ✢ ✦
♦
✜ ✣ ✪ ✲ ✮ ✛ ✧ ✾ ◗
➊ ❘
✧ ✜ ✛ ✾ ◗
❯
✧ ✳
✸ t
✢ ✮ ✦ ✩ ✢ ✮ ✱ ✤ ★ ★ ✩ ✰ ✢ ✮ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✪ ✢ ✬ ✲ ✛ ✮ ★ ✢ ✦
♦
✜ ✣ ✪ ✜ ✛ ✤ ✦
✤ ✱ ✱ ✫ ✮ ✤ ✱ ✯ ✛ ✲ ✾ ◗
➊
❱
✧ ✳
✸
✪ ✱ ✮ ✢ ✥
♦
✤ ✫
♦
✢ ✤ ✦ ✬ ✤
✪ ✰ ✣ ✢ ✮ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✜ ✢ ✮ ✱ ✤ ✦ ❡ ✢ ✫ ✪ ✢ ✬ ✜ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✤ ✪ ✫ ✮ ✢ ★ ✢ ✦
♦
✜ ✣ ✪ ✤ ✪
★ ✢ ✪ ✪ ✤ ✪ ✜ ✛ ✾ ◗
➊ ❳
✧ ✳ ✴ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✤ ✪ ✫ ✮ ✢ ★ ✢ ✦
♦
✜ ✣ ✪ ❡ ✢ ✯ ✛ ✦ ✬ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✪ ✢
✮ ✤ ✦
♦
✢ ✪ ✭ ✥ ✢ ✧ ✤ ❀ ✢ ✫ ✪ ✢ ✛ ✲ ✪ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✰ ✢ ✱ ✩ ✤ ★ ✩ ✦ ✬ ✩ ✮ ✢ ✱ ✜
✧ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✛ ✬ ✪ ✳
❂ ❃ ❄ ❃ ❩ ▼ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❬ ❵ ❬ ❜ ❝ ❞ ❢ ❑ ❭ ❴ ❤ ❬ ✐ ❥ ❪ ❝❭ ❜ ❦ ❬ ❪
❧ ✤ ✮
♦
✢ ✬ ✩ ✪ ✜ ✤ ✦ ✱ ✢ ✪ ✪ ✫ ✱ ✣ ✤ ✪ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✬ ✩ ✪ ✜ ✤ ✦ ✱ ✢ ✛ ✲ ✤ ✰ ★ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✜
✛ ✮ ✤ ✪ ✜ ✤ ✮ ✲ ✮ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✮ ✜ ✣ ✱ ✤ ✦ ✦ ✛ ✜ ❡ ✢ ✧ ✢ ✤ ✪ ✫ ✮ ✢ ✬
✬ ✩ ✮ ✢ ✱ ✜ ★ ✯ ✥ ✩ ✜ ✣ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✜ ✮ ✢ ✪ ✱ ✤ ★ ✢ ✳
✸
✦ ✩ ✧ ✰ ✛ ✮ ✜ ✤ ✦ ✜ ✧ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✛ ✬
✩ ✦ ✪ ✫ ✱ ✣ ✱ ✤ ✪ ✢ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✜ ✣ ✢ ♣
❭ ❴ ❭
♥ ♥
❭
q
❵ ❬ ❝
✉
❞
✈ ✇
❲ ✣ ✢ ✦ ✯ ✛ ✫ ✣ ✛ ★ ✬ ✤ ✰ ✢ ✦ ✱ ✩ ★ ✩ ✦ ✲ ✮ ✛ ✦ ✜ ✛ ✲ ✯ ✛ ✫ ✤
♦
✤ ✩ ✦ ✪ ✜
✪ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✰ ✢ ✱ ✩ ✲ ✩ ✱ ✰ ✛ ✩ ✦ ✜ ✛ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✢ ❡ ✤ ✱ ❀
♦
✮ ✛ ✫ ✦ ✬
✷
✤ ✥ ✤ ★ ★
✻
✤ ✦ ✬ ★ ✛ ✛ ❀ ✤ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✰ ✢ ✦ ✱ ✩ ★ ✲ ✩ ✮ ✪ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✮ ✛ ✫
♦
✣ ✯ ✛ ✫ ✮ ★ ✢ ✲ ✜ ✢ ✯ ✢
✸ ✷
✱ ★ ✛ ✪ ✩ ✦
♦
✜ ✣ ✢ ✮ ✩
♦
✣ ✜ ✢ ✯ ✢
✻
✤ ✦ ✬ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✦ ★ ✛ ✛ ❀ ✤ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✢
✰ ✢ ✦ ✱ ✩ ★ ✜ ✣ ✮ ✛ ✫
♦
✣ ✯ ✛ ✫ ✮ ✮ ✩
♦
✣ ✜ ✢ ✯ ✢ ①
✷
✱ ★ ✛ ✪ ✩ ✦
♦
✜ ✣ ✢ ★ ✢ ✲ ✜
✢ ✯ ✢
✻
✭ ✯ ✛ ✫ ✥ ✛ ✫ ★ ✬ ✦ ✛ ✜ ✩ ✱ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✤ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✰ ✛ ✪ ✩ ✜ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✛ ✲ ✜ ✣ ✢
✰ ✢ ✦ ✱ ✩ ★ ✪ ✢ ✢ ✧ ✪ ✜ ✛ ✱ ✣ ✤ ✦
♦
✢ ✥ ✩ ✜ ✣ ✮ ✢ ✪ ✰ ✢ ✱ ✜ ✜ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✰ ✛ ✩ ✦ ✜
✛ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✥ ✤ ★ ★ ✳ ✴ ✣ ✩ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✱ ✤ ★ ★ ✢ ✬ ♣
❭ ❴ ❭
♥ ♥
❭
q ✳ ✴ ✣ ✢
✬ ✩ ✪ ✜ ✤ ✦ ✱ ✢ ❡ ✢ ✜ ✥ ✢ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✜ ✥ ✛ ✰ ✛ ✩ ✦ ✜ ✪ ✛ ✲ ✛ ❡ ✪ ✢ ✮
t
✤ ✜ ✩ ✛ ✦
✩ ✪ ✱ ✤ ★ ★ ✢ ✬ ✜ ✣ ✢ ②
❭ ❪ ❥ ❪
✳ ✽ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✪ ✢
✹
✤ ✧ ✰ ★ ✢ ✭ ✜ ✣ ✢ ❡ ✤ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✩ ✪
✜ ✣ ✢ ✬ ✩ ✪ ✜ ✤ ✦ ✱ ✢ ❡ ✢ ✜ ✥ ✢ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✢ ✯ ✢ ✪ ✳
✴ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✤ ✪ ✫ ✮ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✬ ✩ ✪ ✜ ✤ ✦ ✱ ✢ ③ ✛ ✲ ✤ ✲ ✤ ✮ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✯
✰ ★ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✜
✼
❡ ✯ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✰ ✤ ✮ ✤ ★ ★ ✤
✹
✧ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✛ ✬ ✭ ✥ ✢ ✛ ❡ ✪ ✢ ✮
t
✢ ✩ ✜
✲ ✮ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✥ ✛ ✬ ✩ ✲ ✲ ✢ ✮ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✰ ✛ ✪ ✩ ✜ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✪
✷
✛ ❡ ✪ ✢ ✮
t
✤ ✜ ✛ ✮ ✩ ✢ ✪
✻ ✸
✤ ✦ ✬
① ✛ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✢ ④ ✤ ✮ ✜ ✣ ✭ ✪ ✢ ✰ ✤ ✮ ✤ ✜ ✢ ✬ ❡ ✯ ✬ ✩ ✪ ✜ ✤ ✦ ✱ ✢
✸
① ⑤ ⑥
✤ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✪ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✜ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✤ ✪ ✪ ✣ ✛ ✥ ✦ ✩ ✦
♠
✩
♦
✳ ✿ ✳ ✿ ✳ ❲ ✢
✧ ✢ ✤ ✪ ✫ ✮ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✤ ✦
♦
★ ✢ ❡ ✢ ✜ ✥ ✢ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✜ ✥ ✛ ✬ ✩ ✮ ✢ ✱ ✜ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✪
✤ ★ ✛ ✦
♦
✥ ✣ ✩ ✱ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✰ ★ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✜ ✩ ✪
t
✩ ✢ ✥ ✢ ✬ ✤ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✪ ✢ ✜ ✥ ✛
✰ ✛ ✩ ✦ ✜ ✪ ✳ ✴ ✣ ✢ ⑦
✸ ✼
① ✩ ✦
♠
✩
♦
✳ ✿ ✳ ✿ ✮ ✢ ✰ ✮ ✢ ✪ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✢ ✬ ❡ ✯
✪ ✯ ✧ ❡ ✛ ★ ⑧ ✩ ✪ ✱ ✤ ★ ★ ✢ ✬ ✜ ✣ ✢ ♣
❭ ❴ ❭
♥ ♥
❭
q
❭ ❜ ❤
♥
❬
✛ ✮
♣
❭ ❴ ❭
♥ ♥
❭ ❦ ❝ ❥ ❦ ❭ ❜ ❤
♥
❬
✇
✸
✪ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✰ ★ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✜ ✩ ✪
t
✢ ✮ ✯ ✲ ✤ ✮ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✯ ✭
⑨ ⑩
❶
❷
❸ ❸
✤ ✦ ✬
✜ ✣ ✢ ✮ ✢ ✲ ✛ ✮ ✢ ✭
❹
✩ ✪
t
✢ ✮ ✯ ✪ ✧ ✤ ★ ★ ✳ ✴ ✣ ✢ ✦ ✥ ✢
✤ ✰ ✰ ✮ ✛
✹
✩ ✧ ✤ ✜ ✢ ★ ✯ ✜ ✤ ❀ ✢
✸
① ✤ ✪ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✮ ✱ ✛ ✲ ★ ✢ ✦
♦
✜ ✣ ⑥ ✛ ✲ ✤
✱ ✩ ✮ ✱ ★ ✢ ✥ ✩ ✜ ✣ ✱ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✮ ✢ ✤ ✜
✼
✤ ✦ ✬ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✬ ✩ ✪ ✜ ✤ ✦ ✱ ✢ ③ ✤ ✪
❯   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎   ✆ ✝ ✞ ☎ ✄ ❯ ✟ ✞ ✝ ✞   ✂ ✶ ✠
✡
✡
✡
✡
t ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖✔ ✒ ✗ t ☛ ✍ t ✓ ✖ ✕ ❜ ✕ ❉ ✘ ✥ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☞
✘ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✙ ✒ ✚
✛ ✜
✢
✣
✭ ✤
✚
✦ ✧
❍ ✍ ★ ✏ ✙ ✩ ✎ ☞ t ☞ ✌ ✪ ✏ ✙ ☞ ✎ ❉ ✱ ✥ ☞ ✫ ✍ ✙ ☞ ✪ ✬ ✮ ✗ ✯ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✪ ✏ ✮ ✍ ✌
✪ ☞ t ☛ ✗ ✎ t ✗ ✎ ☞ t ☞ ✌ ✪ ✏ ✙ ☞ t ☛ ☞ ✒ ✏ ♠ ☞ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✙ ✩ ✑ ✮ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✪ ☞ t ☞ ✌
✗ ♦ t ☛ ☞ ✬ ✮ ✍ ✙ ☞ t ✚ ✰ ♦ ❞ ✏ ✒ t ☛ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✪ ☞ t ☞ ✌ ✗ ♦ t ☛ ☞ ✬ ✮ ✍ ✙ ☞ t
✍ ✙ ✎ ✲ t ☛ ☞ ✍ ✙ ✩ ✑ ✮ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✏ ♠ ☞ ✗ ♦ t ☛ ☞ ✬ ✮ ✍ ✙ ☞ t
✭
t ☛ ☞ ✍ ✙ ✩ ✮ ☞
✒ ✑ s t ☞ ✙ ✎ ☞ ✎ s ✯ ❞ ✍ t t ☛ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✌ t ☛
✧
✱ ✥ ☞ ☛ ✍ ★ ☞
✲ ✕ ❞ ✳ ❉
✭ ✤
✚
✤ ✧
❚
☛ ☞ ✍ ✙ ✩ ✮ ☞
✴
✫ ✍ ✙ s ☞ ✪ ☞ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✎ ♦ ✌ ✗ ✪ t ☛ ☞ ✒ ✍ ✪ ☞
✮ ✗ ✫ ✍ t ✏ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✙ t ☛ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✌ t ☛ ✚ ✰ t ✏ ✒ t ☛ ☞ ✍ ✙ ✩ ✮ ☞ s ☞ t ✥ ☞ ☞ ✙
t ☛ ☞ t ✥ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✫ t ✏ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✥ ☛ ☞ ✙ t ✥ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✪ ☞ t ✌ ✏ ✫ ✍ ✮ ✮ ✯
✗ ✬ ✬ ✗ ✒ ✏ t ☞ ✬ ✗ ✏ ✙ t ✒ ✗ ♦ t ☛ ☞ ✬ ✮ ✍ ✙ ☞ t ✍ ✌ ☞ ★ ✏ ☞ ✥ ☞ ✎ t ☛ ✌ ✗ ✑ ✩ ☛
t ☛ ☞ t ☞ ✮ ☞ ✒ ✫ ✗ ✬ ☞ ✚ ✔ ✏ ✙ ✫ ☞ ❉ ✏ ✒ ✵ ✙ ✗ ✥ ✙ ✱ t ☛ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✪ ☞ t ☞ ✌ ❞
✗ ♦ t ☛ ☞ ✬ ✮ ✍ ✙ ☞ t ✫ ✍ ✙ s ☞ ✎ ☞ t ☞ ✌ ✪ ✏ ✙ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✩ ✷ ✸ ✚
✭ ✤
✚
✤ ✧
✚
❊ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❈
✍ ✮ ✫ ✑ ✮ ✍ t ☞ t ☛ ☞ ✍ ✙ ✩ ✮ ☞ ✗ ♦
✭
✍
✧ ✦
❂
✭
✎ ☞ ✩ ✌ ☞ ☞
✧ ✭
s
✧ ✦ ❃ ✭
✪ ✏ ✙ ✑ t ☞ ✗ ♦ ✍ ✌ ✫ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✫ ✪ ✏ ✙
✧
✍ ✙ ✎
✭
✫
✧ ✦ ❄ ✭
✒ ☞ ✫ ✗ ✙ ✎ ✗ ♦ ✍ ✌ ✫ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✫ ✒ ☞ ✫ ✗ ✙ ✎
✧
✏ ✙
✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✙ ✒ ✚
r
✒ ☞
❅ ❆ ❇
❂
✕
✤ ❋
✌ ✍ ✎ ✱
✦
❂
✕
❆ ❇ ❃
✍ ✙ ✎
✦ ❃
✕
❆ ❇ ❄
● ■ ❏ ❑
✾
▲
✭
✍
✧
▼ ☞ ☛ ✍ ★ ☞
❅ ❆ ❇
❂
✕
✤ ❋
✌ ✍ ✎
✦
❂
✕
✭ ❋
◆
✦
❖
❇ ✧
✌ ✍ ✎ ✕
✦
✚ P ◗ ❘ ❙
✦ ❇
➊ ❱
✌ ✍ ✎
✭
s
✧ ✦
❂
✕
❆ ❇ ❃
✕
✦
✚ P ◗ ❘ ❙
✦ ❇
➊ ❱
✌ ✍ ✎
✦ ❃
✕
✤
✚ ❲
❇
❖ ❙
✦ ❇
➊ ❳
✌ ✍ ✎
;
✤
✚ ❲
✦
❙
✦ ❇
➊ ❳
✌ ✍ ✎
✭
✫
✧ ✦ ❃
✕
❆ ❇ ❄
✕
✤
✚ ❲
❇
❖ ❙
✦ ❇
➊ ❳
✌ ✍ ✎
✦ ❄
✕ ◗ ✚ ❖ ◗ P ❙
✦ ❇
➊ ❳
✌ ✍ ✎
;
◗ ✚ ❖ ❘ ❙
✦ ❇
➊ ❨
✌ ✍ ✎
❩
❊ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ❀ ✿
✓ ✪ ✍ ✙ ✥ ✏ ✒ ☛ ☞ ✒ t ✗ ☞ ✒ t ✏ ✪ ✍ t ☞
t ☛ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✒ t ✍ ✙ ✫ ☞ ✗ ♦ ✍ ✙ ☞ ✍ ✌ s ✯ t ✗ ✥ ☞ ✌ ♦ ✌ ✗ ✪ ☛ ✏ ✪ ✚
❍ ☞ ✒ t ✍ ✙ ✎ ✒ ✍ t ✍ ✬ ✗ ✏ ✙ t ✓ ✏ ✙ ♦ ✌ ✗ ✙ t ✗ ♦ t ☛ ☞ t ✗ ✥ ☞ ✌
❈
✍ ✙ ✎ ✒ ✬ ✗ t ✒ ✍ ★ ☞ ✌ ✯ ✎ ✏ ✒ t ✍ ✙ t ✗ s ❬ ☞ ✫ t ❭ ✏ ✙ ✮ ✏ ✙ ☞
✥ ✏ t ☛ ✓
❈
✚ ❍ ☞ t ☛ ☞ ✙ ✥ ✍ ✮ ✵ ✒ ✬ ☞ ✌ ✬ ☞ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✫ ✑ ✮ ✍ ✌ t ✗
✓
❈
✑ ✬ t ✗ ✖✱ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✒ t ✍ ✙ ✫ ☞ ✗ ♦
✦ ❇ ❇
✪ ✱ ✍ ✙ ✎ ✮ ✗ ✗ ✵ ✒
✍ t ❭ ✍ ✙ ✎
❈
✍ ✩ ✍ ✏ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✏ ✙ ✫ ☞ ❭ ✏ ✒ ★ ☞ ✌ ✯ ✎ ✏ ✒ t ✍ ✙ t ✱
t ☛ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✫ t ✏ ✗ ✙ ✖❭ ✏ ✒ ✬ ✌ ✍ ✫ t ✏ ✫ ✍ ✮ ✮ ✯ t ☛ ☞ ✒ ✍ ✪ ☞ ✍ ✒
✓ ❭ ❪ s ✑ t ☛ ☞ ♦ ✏ ✙ ✎ ✒ t ☛ ☞ ✮ ✏ ✙ ☞ ✗ ♦ ✒ ✏ ✩ ☛ t ✗ ♦
❈
✒ ☛ ✏ ♦ t ☞ ✎
♦ ✌ ✗ ✪ t ☛ ☞ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✩ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✮ ✮ ✏ ✙ ☞ ✗ ♦ ✒ ✏ ✩ ☛ t s ✯ ✍ ✙ ✍ ✙ ✩ ✮ ☞ ✘
✕ ◗
❇
❂
✭
✘ ✏ ✒ ✵ ✙ ✗ ✥ ✙ ✍ ✒ ❫ ✬ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✮ ✮ ✍ ❴ ❵
✧
☞ ✒ t ✏ ✪ ✍ t ☞
t ☛ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✒ t ✍ ✙ ✫ ☞ ✗ ♦ t ☛ ☞ t ✗ ✥ ☞ ✌
❈
♦ ✌ ✗ ✪ ☛ ✏ ✒ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✩ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✮
✬ ✗ ✒ ✏ t ✏ ✗ ✙ ✓ ✚
❛ ❝ ❡ ❢ ❣ ❢ ❤
● ■ ❏ ❑
✾
▲ ▼ ☞ ☛ ✍ ★ ☞ ✱ ✬ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✮ ✮ ✍ ❴ ✍ ✙ ✩ ✮ ☞ ✘ ✕ ◗
❇
❂
✐
✌ ✗ ✪
✐
✏ ✩ ✚
✤
✚
❅
✱ ✓ ✖ ✕ ✓
❈
t ✍ ✙ ✘
✓
❈
✕ ✓ ✖ ◆ t ✍ ✙ ✘ ✕
✦ ❇ ❇
✪ ◆ t ✍ ✙ ◗
❇
❂
✕
✦ ❇ ❇
✪ ◆
❇
✚ ❖
❅
❲
✦
✕
✦ ✦
❲ ✪
❩
❊ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❥ ❚
☛ ☞ ✪ ✗ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✗ s ✒ ☞ ✌ ★ ☞ ✎ ♦ ✌ ✗ ✪
t ✥ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✪ ☞ t ✌ ✏ ✫ ✍ ✮ ✮ ✯ ✗ ✬ ✬ ✗ ✒ ✏ t ☞ ✬ ✗ ✏ ✙ t ✒ ✓ ✍ ✙ ✎ ✖
✗ ✙ ✷ ✍ ✌ t ☛ ✚
❚
☛ ☞ ✍ ✙ ✩ ✮ ☞ ✘ ✒ ✑ s t ☞ ✙ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✍ t t ☛ ☞
✪ ✗ ✗ ✙ s ✯ t ☛ ☞ t ✥ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✫ t ✏ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✗ ♦ ✗ s ✒ ☞ ✌ ★ ✍ t ✏ ✗ ✙
✏ ✒
✦
❦
❘ ◗ ❧ ✚ ♥ ✏ ★ ☞ ✙ t ☛ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✪ ☞ t ☞ ✌ ✗ ♦ t ☛ ☞ ✷ ✍ ✌ t ☛ t ✗
s ☞ ✍ s ✗ ✑ t
✦
✚
✤
P
❆ × ✦ ❇
♣
✪ ✱ ✫ ✗ ✪ ✬ ✑ t ☞ t ☛ ☞
✎ ✏ ✒ t ✍ ✙ ✫ ☞ ✗ ♦ t ☛ ☞ ✪ ✗ ✗ ✙ ♦ ✌ ✗ ✪ t ☛ ☞ ✷ ✍ ✌ t ☛ ✚
● ■ ❏ ❑
✾
▲ ▼ ☞ ☛ ✍ ★ ☞ ✘ ✕
✦ ➦
❘ ◗
q
✕
✦ ✦
◗
q
✉ ✈
✇ ①
② ③
④ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑤ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ④ ⑦❶
❷ ❷
❸ ❸ ❸
✌ ✍ ✎
❹ ❺ ❻ ❺ ❼ ❽
❾
❿ ➀
➁
➂ ➃ ➄ ➅
✒ ✏ ✙ ✫ ☞
➆
➇ ➈ ➉ ➋ ➌ ➇ ➍ ➉
➎
➏ ➐ ➑ ➒
➓
➔
✓ ✮ ✒ ✗ →
➣
↔ ↕ ➙ ➛ ➜ ➝ ➞ ➟ ➠➡ ➛ ➢
➤
❍ ☞ ✙ ✫ ☞ ♦ ✌ ✗ ✪ ✷ ✸ ✚
✭ ✤
✚
✦ ✧
✱ ✥ ☞ ☛ ✍ ★ ☞ t ☛ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✌ t ☛
➥
✪ ✗ ✗ ✙
✎ ✏ ✒ t ✍ ✙ ✫ ☞ ✱
➧ ➨
➩
➫ ➭
➯
➲ ➳ ➵ ➸ ➺ ➲ ➻
➼
➳
➼
➵ ➲ ➻
➽
➾ ➚
➪
➪
➶
➼
➳
➹ ➘
➲ ➻
➴
➯
➪ ❩
❊ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ❀ ➷ ❚
☛ ☞ ✔ ✑ ✙ ❵ ✒ ✍ ✙ ✩ ✑ ✮ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✪ ☞ t ☞ ✌
✏ ✒ ✪ ☞ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✎ t ✗ s ☞
✦
❲
✤ ❇ ❃ ❃
✚
❚
☛ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✒ t ✍ ✙ ✫ ☞ ❉ ✗ ♦
t ☛ ☞ ✔ ✑ ✙ ♦ ✌ ✗ ✪ t ☛ ☞ ✷ ✍ ✌ t ☛ ✏ ✒
✦
✚ ◗ ❲
❆
❙
✦ ❇
➬ ➬
✪ ✚
▼ ☛ ✍ t ✏ ✒ t ☛ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✪ ☞ t ☞ ✌ ✗ ♦ t ☛ ☞ ✔ ✑ ✙
➮
❛ ❝ ❡ ❢ ❣ ❢ ❣ ➱ ✃ ❐ ✃ ❒ ❒ ✃ ❮ ❰ ÏÐÑ Ò Ó Ô
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✷ ✆
✝
❆ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ❙ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✑ ☞ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✙
❂ ✶ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢
✣ ✤ ✤
❾
✥ ✾ ✦ ✧ ✹ ★ ✽ ✺ ✥ ✧ r ❛ ❞
✻
✩ ✪
✫
✬ ✭ ✸ ✮ ✮ ✵ ✯ ✰ ✱
✲
❙ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✓
✳ ❉✴ ✼
✿ ❀ ❀
❁ ❃ ✿ ❀ ❀ ❄ ❀ ❃ ❅ ❁ ❇ ❀ ❄ ♠
❈ ❊
❈ ❊
❋ ●❋ ●
❍ ■
❍ ■
❏
❑ ▲ ▲ ▲
▼
◆ ❖ ◗ ❘ ❚ ❖ ❯ ❱×
❲
❳ ❨ ❩ ❨ ❳ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❪ ❫ ❜ ❝ ❜ ❢ ❡ ❣ ❤✐ ❥ ❴ ❵ ❦ ❦ ❧ ❫ ❭ ❪❵ ❝ ♥ ❣ ❭ ♦
❥ ❫ ♣ ❣ ❜ ❢ ❵ q ❜ ❦ ❣ ♥ s ❦ ❣
t ✉ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✈ ✗ ✓ ✇ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✒ ✎ ✕ ① ✗ ✒ ✕ ② ✗ ✘ ③ ✏ ✘ ✉ ④ ✏
✖ ✉ ✒ ✗
⑤
☞ ✒ ✗
⑥ ⑦ ⑧
➊ ⑨
✖ ✘ ✉
⑦ ⑧
➊ ⑩ ❶
✖
❷ ❸ ❹
✗ ③ ✏ ✈ ✗ ✘ ✉ ✏ ✔ ✉
❺
✘
✎
❺
✗
⑤
✕ ✏ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✘ ③ ✉ ✔ ✎ ❻ ❼ ✗
⑤
✏ ✌ ✌ ✉ ✘ ☞ ✎ ✗ ✏ ✎
⑤
✓ ✗
❹
✑ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✗
✉ ✓ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✌ ✎ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✗ ✌ ✘ ✎ ❻ ❽ ✈ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✕
⑤
✓ ✉ ✎
⑤
✉
❺
✗ ③ ✏ ✎
⑤
✗ ✓ ✘ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✘ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌ ✎ ❻
❿
✌ ✉
❺
✘ ✕
⑤
✏ ✒ ✖ ✕
⑤
✓ ✉ ✎
⑤
✉
❺
✗ ☞ ✎ ✗ ✎
✈ ✕ ✎ ✕ ➀ ✒ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✑ ③ ✘ ✘ ✉ ➁ ✒ ✉ ✉ ② ✍ ✏ ✘ ✘ ③ ✗ ✎ ✇ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✗ ✓
✕ ✌ ✈ ✗ ✎ ✘ ✕ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌ ❻
❿
✎ ✒ ✕ ✑ ③ ✘ ③ ✏ ✎
❹
✏ ✈ ✗ ✒ ✕ ② ✗ ④ ✗ ✏ ✘ ☞ ✓ ✗ ✎
❸
✘ ③ ✗ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌ ✘ ✉
❹
③ ✕
⑤
③ ✏ ✌ ✉
❺
✘ ✕
⑤
✏ ✒ ✖ ✕
⑤
✓ ✉ ✎
⑤
✉
❺
✗
⑤
✏ ✌ ➀ ✗ ☞ ✎ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✘ ③ ✗
❹
✏ ✈ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✘ ③ ✉ ④ ✒ ✕ ✑ ③ ✘
⑥ ❿
✔ ✗ ✘ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✔
✗
➂ ❺
✒ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌
⑤
✏ ✌ ➀ ✗ ④ ✉ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✕ ✌ ✘ ③ ✗
➃
✒ ✏ ✎ ✎
➄ ➅ ➅
➆ ③ ✇ ✎ ✕
⑤
✎ ✘ ✗
➂
✘ ➀ ✉ ✉ ②
❷
❻ ➇ ✉ ✓ ✈ ✕ ✎ ✕ ➀ ✒ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✑ ③ ✘ ✘ ③ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✗ ✉ ④
❹
✏ ✈ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✘ ③ ✎ ✕ ✎ ④ ✓ ✉ ✖ ✏ ➀ ✉ ☞ ✘ ➈
⑧ ⑧ ⑧
➉ ✘ ✉ ➋
⑧ ⑧ ⑧
➉
⑥ ⑦
✏ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✘ ✓ ✉ ✖
➌ ⑦
➉
➌ ⑦ ⑧
➍ ⑩ ❶
✖
❷
❻
➎
✗ ✌
⑤
✗ ✏ ✌ ✉
❺
✘ ✕
⑤
✏ ✒
✖ ✕
⑤
✓ ✉ ✎
⑤
✉
❺
✗
⑤
✏ ✌ ✌ ✉ ✘ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✉ ✒ ✈ ✗
❺
✏ ✓ ✘ ✕
⑤
✒ ✗ ✎
❹
✕ ✘ ③ ✎ ✕ ① ✗ ✎
✎ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✒ ✗ ✓ ✘ ③ ✏ ✌ ✘ ③ ✕ ✎ ❻
➅
✌ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✉ ④ ✈ ✕ ✎ ✕ ➀ ✒ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✑ ③ ✘
❸ ❹
✗
⑤
✏ ✌
☞ ✎ ✗ ✏ ✌ ✗ ✒ ✗
⑤
✘ ✓ ✉ ✌ ➀ ✗ ✏ ✖ ❻ ❽ ✒ ✗
⑤
✘ ✓ ✉ ✌ ➀ ✗ ✏ ✖ ✎
⑤
✏ ✌ ➀ ✗
④ ✉
⑤
☞ ✎ ✎ ✗ ✔ ➀ ✇
❺
✓ ✉
❺
✗ ✓ ✒ ✇ ✔ ✗ ✎ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✗
⑤
✘ ✓ ✕
⑤
✏ ✌ ✔
✖ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✘ ✕
⑤
④ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✔ ✎ ❻ t ③ ✗ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌ ✉ ④ ✎ ☞
⑤
③ ✏ ✌
✗ ✒ ✗
⑤
✘ ✓ ✉ ✌ ✖ ✕
⑤
✓ ✉ ✎
⑤
✉
❺
✗ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✘ ✗ ✔ ④ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✒ ✇ ➀ ✇ ✘ ③ ✗ ④ ✏
⑤
✘
✘ ③ ✏ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✗
⑤
✘ ✓ ✉ ✌ ✎
⑤
✏ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✎ ✉ ➀ ✗ ③ ✏ ✈ ✗ ✏ ✎
❹
✏ ✈ ✗ ✎ ➏
⑥
➐ ✉ ☞
❹
✕ ✒ ✒ ✒ ✗ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✖ ✉ ✓ ✗ ✏ ➀ ✉ ☞ ✘ ✘ ③ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✌
⑤
✒ ✏ ✎ ✎
➄ ➅ ➅ ❷
❻ t ③ ✗
❹
✏ ✈ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✘ ③ ✉ ④ ✏ ✌ ✗ ✒ ✗
⑤
✘ ✓ ✉ ✌
⑤
✏ ✌ ➀ ✗ ✏ ✎ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✏
④ ✓ ✏
⑤
✘ ✕ ✉ ✌ ✉ ④ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✘ ✓ ✉ ✖ ❻ ❙ ☞
⑤
③ ✗ ✒ ✗
⑤
✘ ✓ ✉ ✌
✖ ✕
⑤
✓ ✉ ✎
⑤
✉
❺
✗ ✎
❹
✕ ✘ ③ ✏ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌ ✉ ④
⑧
❻
➑
➉ ③ ✏ ✈ ✗ ➀ ✗ ✗ ✌
➀ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✘ ❻ t ③ ✗ ✇
⑤
✏ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✖ ✉ ✎ ✘ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✉ ✒ ✈ ✗ ✏ ✘ ✉ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✔
✖ ✉ ✒ ✗
⑤
☞ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✏ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✏ ✒ ❻
➅
✌ ✓ ✗
⑤
✗ ✌ ✘ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✎
❸
✘ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✗ ✒ ✒ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✖ ✕
⑤
✓ ✉ ✎
⑤
✉
❺
✇ ③ ✏ ✎ ➀ ✗ ✗ ✌ ✔ ✗ ✈ ✗ ✒ ✉
❺
✗ ✔ ✕ ✌
❹
③ ✕
⑤
③ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✘ ③ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✘ ✉ ④ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌ ✕ ✎ ➀ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✘ ③ ✏ ✌
✏ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✘ ✓ ✉ ✖ ❻
➅
✘ ✕ ✎
❺
✉ ✎ ✎ ✕ ➀ ✒ ✗ ✘ ✉ ✗ ✎ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✘ ✗ ✘ ③ ✗ ✎ ✕ ① ✗ ✎
✉ ④ ✖ ✉ ✒ ✗
⑤
☞ ✒ ✗ ✎ ❻
❿
✎ ✕ ✖
❺
✒ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✘ ③ ✉ ✔ ④ ✉ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✘ ③ ✗ ✖ ✉ ✒ ✗
⑤
☞ ✒ ✏ ✓
✎ ✕ ① ✗ ✉ ④ ✉ ✒ ✗ ✕
⑤
✏
⑤
✕ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✑ ✕ ✈ ✗ ✌ ➀ ✗ ✒ ✉
❹
❻ ➒ ✒ ✗ ✕
⑤
✏
⑤
✕ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✏
✎ ✉ ✏
❺
✇ ✒ ✕ ➓ ☞ ✕ ✔
❹
✕ ✘ ③ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✉ ✒ ✗
⑤
☞ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✎ ✕ ① ✗ ✉ ④ ✘ ③ ✗
✉ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✉ ④
⑦ ⑧
➊
➔
✖ ❻
t ③ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✉ ④ ✕ ✓ ✎ ✘ ④ ✉ ✓ ✖ ✖ ✉ ✌ ✉ → ✖ ✉ ✒ ✗
⑤
☞ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✒ ✏ ✇ ✗ ✓
✉ ④ ✉ ✒ ✗ ✕
⑤
✏
⑤
✕ ✔ ✉ ✌
❹
✏ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✓ ④ ✏
⑤
✗ ❻
❼ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✉ ✒ ✈ ✗
⑦ ⑤
✖
➣
✉ ④ ✉ ✒ ✗ ✕
⑤
✏
⑤
✕ ✔ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✒
⑤
✉ ③ ✉ ✒ ✘ ✉
✖ ✏ ② ✗ ✏ ✎ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌ ✉ ④ ↔
⑧ ⑤
✖
➣
❻ t ③ ✗ ✌
❹
✗ ✘ ✏ ② ✗
⑦ ⑤
✖
➣
✉ ④ ✘ ③ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✘ ✉ ↔
⑧ ⑤
✖
➣
❸
☞ ✎ ✕ ✌ ✑
✏ ✒
⑤
✉ ③ ✉ ✒ ❻ ❙ ✉
❸
✘ ③ ✗
⑤
✉ ✌
⑤
✗ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌ ✉ ④ ✘ ③ ✗ ✎ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌ ✕ ✎
✗ ➓ ☞ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✉
↕
➙
➛ ➜
➝➞ ➝➞
➟ ➠
➡ ➢
➤ ➥
➦
✉ ④ ✉ ✒ ✗ ✕
⑤
✏
⑤
✕ ✔ ➧
⑤
✖
➣
✉ ④
✎ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌ ❻ ➨ ✗
➂
✘
❹
✗ ✒ ✕ ✑ ③ ✘ ✒ ✇ ✎
❺
✓ ✕ ✌ ② ✒ ✗ ✎ ✉ ✖ ✗
✒ ✇
⑤
✉
❺
✉ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖
❺
✉
❹
✔ ✗ ✓ ✉ ✌ ✘ ③ ✗ ✎ ☞ ✓ ④ ✏
⑤
✗ ✉ ④
❹
✏ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✌ ✏
✒ ✏ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✉ ☞ ✑ ③ ✏ ✌ ✔
❹
✗
❺
☞ ✘ ✉ ✌ ✗ ✔ ✓ ✉
❺
✉ ④ ✘ ③ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌
✕ ✌ ✘ ③ ✗
❹
✏ ✘ ✗ ✓ ❻ t ③ ✗ ✉ ✒ ✗ ✕
⑤
✏
⑤
✕ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✉
❺
✎
❺
✓ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✌ ✘ ✉ ✏
✘ ③ ✕ ✌
❸
✒ ✏ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✌ ✔ ✓ ✉ ☞ ✑ ③ ✒ ✇
⑤
✕ ✓
⑤
☞ ✒ ✏ ✓ ④ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✉ ④ ✖ ✉ ✒ ✗
⑤
☞ ✒ ✏ ✓
✘ ③ ✕
⑤
② ✌ ✗ ✎ ✎ ✉ ✌
❹
✏ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✓ ④ ✏
⑤
✗ ❻ t ③ ✗ ✌
❸ ❹
✗ ➓ ☞ ✕
⑤
② ✒ ✇
✖ ✗ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✗ ✘ ③ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✉ ④ ✘ ③ ✗ ✘ ③ ✕ ✌ ④ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✉ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✕ ✘ ✎
✏ ✓ ✗ ✏ ➩ ❻ ❙ ☞
❺ ❺
✉ ✎ ✗
❹
✗ ③ ✏ ✈ ✗ ✔ ✓ ✉
❺ ❺
✗ ✔ ➫ ✔ ✓ ✉
❺
✎ ✕ ✌
✘ ③ ✗
❹
✏ ✘ ✗ ✓ ❻
➅
✌ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✒ ✒ ✇
❸ ❹
✗ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✕ ✌ ✗ ✘ ③ ✗
✏
❺ ❺
✓ ✉
➂
✕ ✖ ✏ ✘ ✗ ✈ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✖ ✗ ✉ ④ ✗ ✏
⑤
③ ✔ ✓ ✉
❺ ⑥ ➭ ⑤
✖
➣
❷
❻
➯
✉ ✒ ☞ ✖ ✗ ✉ ④ ➫ ✔ ✓ ✉
❺
✎ ✉ ④ ✎ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌
➌
➫
➭ ⑤
✖
➣
❿
✖ ✉ ☞ ✌ ✘ ✉ ④ ✉ ✒ ✗ ✕
⑤
✏
⑤
✕ ✔ ✕ ✌ ✘ ③ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌
➌
➲ ➳
➵
➸ ➺ ➸ ➺➻
➼
➽
➾
➚
➪
➶
➹ ➘
➴
t ③ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✕ ✉ ✌ ✉ ④ ✉ ✒ ✗ ✕
⑤
✏
⑤
✕ ✔ ✎
❺
✓ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✎ ✈ ✗ ✓ ✇ ④ ✏ ✎ ✘
✉ ✌ ✘ ③ ✗ ✎ ☞ ✓ ④ ✏
⑤
✗ ✉ ④
❹
✏ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✔ ④ ✉ ✓ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✈ ✗ ✓ ✇ ✘ ③ ✕ ✌
✒ ✏ ✇ ✗ ✓ ✉ ④ ✘ ③ ✕
⑤
② ✌ ✗ ✎ ✎ ➷ ❻
➅
④ ✘ ③ ✕ ✎ ✎
❺
✓ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✎ ✘ ✉ ④ ✉ ✓ ✖ ✏
④ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✉ ④ ✏ ✓ ✗ ✏ ➩
⑤
✖
➬
❸
✘ ③ ✗ ✌ ✘ ③ ✗ ✘ ③ ✕
⑤
② ✌ ✗ ✎ ✎ ✉ ④ ✘ ③ ✗
④ ✕ ✒ ✖
➮
❂
➱ ✃ ❐ ❒ ❮ ❰ ✃ Ï Ð Ñ ❰ Ï Ò ❐ ❮
Ó Ô ❰ Õ ✃ Ï Ð Ñ ❰ Ï Ò ❐ ❮
✉ ✓
❸
Ö ❮
✛ ✜ ✛ ✜
Ø Ù
➮
Ú
❂
Û
⑥
↔ ❻ Ü
❷
➅
④
❹
✗ ✏ ✎ ✎ ☞ ✖ ✗ ✘ ③ ✏ ✘ ✘ ③ ✗ ④ ✕ ✒ ✖ ③ ✏ ✎ ✖ ✉ ✌ ✉ → ✖ ✉ ✒ ✗
⑤
☞ ✒ ✏ ✓
✘ ③ ✕
⑤
② ✌ ✗ ✎ ✎
❸
✘ ③ ✗ ✌ ✘ ③ ✕ ✎ ➀ ✗
⑤
✉ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✘ ③ ✗ ✎ ✕ ① ✗ ✉ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✓
✉ ④ ✏ ✖ ✉ ✒ ✗
⑤
☞ ✒ ✗ ✉ ④ ✉ ✒ ✗ ✕
⑤
✏
⑤
✕ ✔ ❻ t ③ ✗ ✈ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✗ ✉ ④ ✘ ③ ✕ ✎
✘ ③ ✕
⑤
② ✌ ✗ ✎ ✎
⑤
✉ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✉ ☞ ✘ ✘ ✉ ➀ ✗ ✉ ④ ✘ ③ ✗ ✉ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✉ ④
⑦ ⑧
➊
➔
✖ ❻
Ý Þ ß à á â ✡ ã ä å
➅
④ ✘ ③ ✗ ✎ ✕ ① ✗ ✉ ④ ✏ ✌ ☞
⑤
✒ ✗ ☞ ✎
⑥
✕ ✌
✘ ③ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✗ ✉ ④
⑦ ⑧
➊ ⑩
æ
✘ ✉
⑦ ⑧
➊ ⑩
ç
✖
❷
✕ ✎ ✎
⑤
✏ ✒ ✗ ✔ ☞
❺
✘ ✉ ✘ ③ ✗ ✘ ✕
❺
✉ ④ ✏ ✎ ③ ✏ ✓
❺ ❺
✕ ✌
❸ ❹
③ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✉ ☞ ✑ ③ ✒ ✇ ✕ ✎
✘ ③ ✗ ✎ ✕ ① ✗ ✉ ④ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✘ ✉ ✖
è ❿
✎ ✎ ☞ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✕
❺
✉ ④ ✘ ③ ✗
❺
✕ ✌
✘ ✉ ➀ ✗ ✕ ✌ ✘ ③ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✗
⑦ ⑧
➊
æ
✖ ✘ ✉
⑦ ⑧
➊
ç
✖ ❻
❆ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ t ③ ✗ ✎ ✕ ① ✗ ✉ ④ ✏ ✌ ☞
⑤
✒ ✗ ☞ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✌ ✘ ③ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✗ ✉ ④
⑦ ⑧
➊ ⑩
æ
✖ ✏ ✌ ✔
⑦ ⑧
➊ ⑩
ç
✖ ❻ t ③ ✗ ✘ ✕
❺
✉ ④ ✏ ✎ ③ ✏ ✓
❺ ❺
✕ ✌ ✕ ✎
✘ ✏ ② ✗ ✌ ✘ ✉ ➀ ✗ ✕ ✌ ✘ ③ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✗ ✉ ④
⑦ ⑧
➊
æ
✖ ✏ ✌ ✔
⑦ ⑧
➊
ç
✖ ❻
t ③ ☞ ✎
❹
✗ ✏ ✓ ✗ ✎
⑤
✏ ✒ ✕ ✌ ✑ ☞
❺
➀ ✇ ✏ ④ ✏
⑤
✘ ✉ ✓ ✉ ④
⑦ ⑧
⑩ ❶
❻
❿
✌
✏ ✘ ✉ ✖ ✓ ✉ ☞ ✑ ③ ✒ ✇ ✉ ④ ✎ ✕ ① ✗
⑦ ⑧
➊ ⑩ ❶
✖
❹
✕ ✒ ✒ ➀ ✗ ✎
⑤
✏ ✒ ✗ ✔ ☞
❺
✘ ✉ ✏
✎ ✕ ① ✗ ✉ ④
⑦
✖ ❻ t ③ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✌ ☞
⑤
✒ ✗ ☞ ✎ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✘ ✉ ✖ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✒
✕ ✌ ✎ ✕ ① ✗ ✏ ✎ ✘ ③ ✗ ✘ ✕
❺
✉ ④ ✏ ✎ ③ ✏ ✓
❺ ❺
✕ ✌
❺
✒ ✏
⑤
✗ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✘ ③ ✗
⑤
✗ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✗
✉ ④ ✏ ✎
❺
③ ✗ ✓ ✗ ✉ ④ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✎ ✏ ➀ ✉ ☞ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✗ ✒ ✉ ✌ ✑ ❻
❲
❯   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎   ✆ ✝ ✞ ☎ ✄ ❯ ✟ ✞ ✝ ✞   ✂ ✷ ✠
✡ ☛ ☞ ☛ ☞ ❘ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✔✕ ✖
❚ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✥ ✘ ✦ ✣ ✙ ✧ ✘ ✦ ✜ ★ ✘ ✩ ✦ ✪ ✜ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✫ ✣ ✗ ✘
✉
✫ ✚
✬
✘ ✪ ✙ ✘
✬
✩ ✪
✭
✜
✬
✘ ✪ ✩
✬
✘ ✪
✭
✧ ✚
✮
✘ ✪ ✩ ✫
✯
✘
✰
❚ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✘ ★ ✩
✭
✬
✩ ✪
✭
✢ ✪ ✜ ★ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✜ ✪
✮
✘ ✪ ✜ ✢ ✈ ✱
➊ ✲ ✳
★ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘
✣ ✚ ✫
✭
✫
✉
✦ t ✘
✉
✙ ✜ ✢ ✩ ✫ ✩ ✣ ✜ ★ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✜ ✪
✮
✘ ✪
✜ ✢ ✈ ✱
✴ ✵
★ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✘
✶
✣ ✘ ✫ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✙ ✘ ✪
✬
✩ ✤ t ✘
✉
✫ ✚
✬
✘ ✪ ✙ ✘
✰
❚ ✩ ✤ t ✘ ✸
✰
✹
✯
✚
✬
✘ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✪ ✩ ✫
✯
✘ ✩ ✫
✮
✜ ✪
✮
✘ ✪ ✜ ✢ t ✘ ✫
✯
✣ ✗ ✙
✩ ✫
✮
✙ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✜ ★ ✘ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✥ ✘ ✦ ✣ ✙
✰
❲
✘ ✩ t ✙ ✜
✉
✙ ✘ ✦ ✘ ✪ ✣ ✩ ✚ ✫ ✙
❡
✘ ✦ ✚ ✩ t t ✘ ✫
✯
✣ ✗
✉
✫ ✚ ✣ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✪
✙ ✗ ✜ ✪ ✣ ✩ ✫
✮
t ✩ ✪
✯
✘ t ✘ ✫
✯
✣ ✗ ✙
✰
❚ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✩ ✪ ✘
✈ ✢ ✘ ✪ ★ ✚
❂
✈ ✢
❂
✈ ✱
➊ ✲ ✺
★
✈ ✩ ✫
✯
✙ ✣ ✪ ✜ ★
❂
✈
✻ ❂
✈ ✱
➊ ✲ ✼
★
✈ ✩ ✙ ✣ ✪ ✜ ✫ ✜ ★ ✚ ✦ ✩ t
✉
✫ ✚ ✣
❂
✈ ❆ ✽ ✾ ✩
✬
✘ ✪ ✩
✯
✘
✮
✚ ✙ ✣ ✩ ✫ ✦ ✘
✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘
✿ ✉
✫ ✢ ✪ ✜ ★ ✣ ✗ ✘
❀
✩ ✪ ✣ ✗
❁
❂
✈
✰ ❃ ❄
✹
×
✈ ✱
✲ ✲
★
✈ t ✚
✯
✗ ✣
✭
✘ ✩ ✪
❂
✈ t
✭ ❂ ❄ ✰ ❃
✹
×
✈ ✱
✲ ✺
★ ✾
✮
✚ ✙ ✣ ✩ ✫ ✦ ✘
✣ ✗ ✩ ✣ t ✚
✯
✗ ✣ ✣ ✪ ✩
✬
✘ t ✙ ✧ ✚ ✣ ✗
✬
✘ t ✜ ✦ ✚ ✣
✭
✜ ✢
❅ ×
✈ ✱
❇
★ ✙
➊ ✲
✚ ✫ ✈
✭
✘ ✩ ✪
❁
✈
❡
✩ ✪ ✙ ✘ ✦
❂ ❅ ✰
✱ ❈
×
✈ ✱
✲
✵
★ ✾ ❉ ✩ ✪ ✙ ✘ ✦ ✚ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✘
✮
✚ ✙ ✣ ✩ ✫ ✦ ✘ ✩ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✦ ✗ ✩
✬
✘ ✪ ✩
✯
✘ ✪ ✩
✮
✚
✉
✙ ✜ ✢ ✘ ✩ ✪ ✣ ✗
❞
✙ ✜ ✪ ✤ ✚ ✣
✙
✉
✤ ✣ ✘ ✫
✮
✙ ✩ ✫ ✩ ✫
✯
t ✘ ✜ ✢ ✈ ✩ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✘ ✦ ✜ ✫
✮ ❁
✡ ☛
❊ ▼ ❋ ● ❍ ■
❘
❋ ▼ ❋ ❏❑ ▲ ◆ ▼ ● ❍ ❍
❖ ✩ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✩ ✤ ✩ ✙ ✚ ✦
❡
✪ ✜
❡
✘ ✪ ✣
✭
✜ ✢ ★ ✩ ✣ ✣ ✘ ✪
✰
P ✣
✮
✜ ✘ ✙ ✫ ✜ ✣
✮
✘
❡
✘ ✫
✮
✜ ✫ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✣ ✘ ★
❡
✘ ✪ ✩ ✣
✉
✪ ✘ ◗
❡
✪ ✘ ✙ ✙
✉
✪ ✘ ✜ ✪ t ✜ ✦ ✩ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✫
✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✥ ✘ ✦ ✣ ✚ ✫ ✙
❡
✩ ✦ ✘
✰
❚ ✗ ✘
✿
P
✉
✫ ✚ ✣ ✜ ✢ ★ ✩ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✙
❦ ✚ t ✜
✯
✪ ✩ ★ ✾ ❦
✯ ❁ ✰
❚ ✗ ✘
❡
✪ ✜ ✣ ✜ ✣
✭ ❡
✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ P ✫ ✣ ✘ ✪ ✫ ✩ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✫ ✩ t
✙ ✣ ✩ ✫
✮
✩ ✪
✮
❦ ✚ t ✜
✯
✪ ✩ ★ ✙
✉ ❡ ❡
t ✚ ✘
✮
✤
✭
✣ ✗ ✘ P ✫ ✣ ✘ ✪ ✫ ✩ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✫ ✩ t
❙
✉
✪ ✘ ✩
✉
✜ ✢
❲
✘ ✚
✯
✗ ✣ ✙ ✩ ✫
✮
❖ ✘ ✩ ✙
✉
✪ ✘ ✙ ✾ ❙ P ❉ ❖
❁
✩ ✪ ✘
✩
✬
✩ ✚ t ✩ ✤ t ✘ ✚ ✫ ★ ✩ ✫
✭
✜ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✪ t ✩ ✤ ✜ ✪ ✩ ✣ ✜ ✪ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢
✮
✚ ✢ ✢ ✘ ✪ ✘ ✫ ✣
✦ ✜
✉
✫ ✣ ✪ ✚ ✘ ✙
✰
P ✫ P ✫
✮
✚ ✩ ◗ ✣ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✩
✬
✩ ✚ t ✩ ✤ t ✘ ✩ ✣ ✣ ✗ ✘
❱
✩ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✫ ✩ t ❉ ✗
✭
✙ ✚ ✦ ✩ t
❳
✩ ✤ ✜ ✪ ✩ ✣ ✜ ✪
✭
✾
❱
❉
❳ ❁
◗
❱
✘ ✧
❨
✘ t ✗ ✚
✰
❲
✗ ✚ t ✘
✮
✘ ✩ t ✚ ✫
✯
✧ ✚ ✣ ✗ ✩ ✣ ✜ ★ ✙ ✩ ✫
✮
★ ✜ t ✘ ✦
✉
t ✘ ✙ ◗ ✣ ✗ ✘
❦ ✚ t ✜
✯
✪ ✩ ★ ✚ ✙ ✩ ✫ ✚ ✫ ✦ ✜ ✫
✬
✘ ✫ ✚ ✘ ✫ ✣
✉
✫ ✚ ✣
✰
P ✫ ✣ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✦ ✩ ✙ ✘ ◗
✣ ✗ ✘ ✪ ✘ ✚ ✙ ✩ ✫ ✚ ★
❡
✜ ✪ ✣ ✩ ✫ ✣ ✙ ✣ ✩ ✫
✮
✩ ✪
✮ ✉
✫ ✚ ✣ ✜ ✢ ★ ✩ ✙ ✙ ◗
✦ ✩ t t ✘
✮
✣ ✗ ✘ ❩ ✍ ❬ ✒ ❬ ✏ ❭ ✌ ✔ ✑ ❪ ❬ ❫ ❪ ✌ ✖ ✖ ❩ ✍ ❬ ✔ ✾
✉ ❁
◗ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✦ ✗
✗ ✩ ✙ ✤ ✘ ✘ ✫ ✘ ✙ ✣ ✩ ✤ t ✚ ✙ ✗ ✘
✮
✢ ✜ ✪ ✘
✶ ❡
✪ ✘ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✫
✯
✣ ✗ ✘ ★ ✩ ✙ ✙
✜ ✢ ✩ ✣ ✜ ★ ✙ ✩ ✙
✈
✉
✫ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✘
✮
✩ ✣ ✜ ★ ✚ ✦ ★ ✩ ✙ ✙
✉
✫ ✚ ✣
❂
✈
✉
❂
✾ ✈
❴
✈ ✸
❁
✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ ★ ✩ ✙ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✩ ✫ ✩ ✣ ✜ ★ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✩ ✪ ✤ ✜ ✫
❵
✈ ✸
✚ ✙ ✜ ✣ ✜
❡
✘
❛ ❜
❝
❢ ❣
❤
✚ ✫ ✦ t
✉ ✮
✚ ✫
✯
✣ ✗ ✘ ★ ✩ ✙ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✘ t ✘ ✦ ✣ ✪ ✜ ✫ ✙
❂
✈
✰
✹ ✹
✐
✈ ✱
➊
✴
❥
❦
✯
❖ ✩ ✙ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✜ ★ ★ ✜ ✫ t
✭
✩
✬
✩ ✚ t ✩ ✤ t ✘ ✜ ✤ ✥ ✘ ✦ ✣ ✙ ✦ ✩ ✫ ✤ ✘
✮
✘ ✣ ✘ ✪ ★ ✚ ✫ ✘
✮
✤
✭
✩ ✦ ✜ ★ ★ ✜ ✫ ✤ ✩ t ✩ ✫ ✦ ✘ t ✚ ❦ ✘ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✜ ✫ ✘
✉
✙ ✘
✮
✚ ✫ ✩
✯
✪ ✜ ✦ ✘ ✪
✭
✙ ✗ ✜
❡ ✰ ❳
✩ ✪
✯
✘ ★ ✩ ✙ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✫ ✣ ✗ ✘
✉
✫ ✚
✬
✘ ✪ ✙ ✘ t ✚ ❦ ✘
❡
t ✩ ✫ ✘ ✣ ✙ ◗ ✙ ✣ ✩ ✪ ✙ ◗ ✘ ✣ ✦
✰
◗ ✤ ✩ ✙ ✘
✮
✜ ✫
❱
✘ ✧ ✣ ✜ ✫
❞
✙ t ✩ ✧ ✜ ✢
✯
✪ ✩
✬
✚ ✣ ✩ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✫ ✤ ✘ ★ ✘ ✩ ✙
✉
✪ ✘
✮
✤
✭
✉
✙ ✚ ✫
✯ ✯
✪ ✩
✬
✚ ✣ ✩ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✫ ✩ t ★ ✘ ✣ ✗ ✜
✮
✾
✿
✘ ✘
❧
✗ ✩
❡
✣ ✘ ✪ ❈
❁ ✰ ♠
✜ ✪
★ ✘ ✩ ✙
✉
✪ ✘ ★ ✘ ✫ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✙ ★ ✩ t t ★ ✩ ✙ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✩ ✣ ✜ ★ ✚ ✦
❴
✙
✉
✤
❵
✩ ✣ ✜ ★ ✚ ✦
❡
✩ ✪ ✣ ✚ ✦ t ✘ ✙ ✘ ✣ ✦
✰
◗ ✧ ✘ ★ ✩ ❦ ✘
✉
✙ ✘ ✜ ✢ ★ ✩ ✙ ✙
✙
❡
✘ ✦ ✣ ✪ ✜
✯
✪ ✩
❡
✗ ✚ ✫ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✦ ✗ ✪ ✩
✮
✚
✉
✙ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✣ ✪ ✩ ✥ ✘ ✦ ✣ ✜ ✪
✭
✚ ✙
❡
✪ ✜
❡
✜ ✪ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✫ ✩ t ✣ ✜ ✣ ✗ ✘ ★ ✩ ✙ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✩ ✦ ✗ ✩ ✪
✯
✘
✮ ❡
✩ ✪ ✣ ✚ ✦ t ✘
★ ✜
✬
✚ ✫
✯
✚ ✫
✉
✫ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✪ ★ ✘ t ✘ ✦ ✣ ✪ ✚ ✦ ✩ ✫
✮
★ ✩
✯
✫ ✘ ✣ ✚ ✦ ✢ ✚ ✘ t
✮ ✰
✡ ☛
❊
☛
♥
❘ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒
▼
✌ ✖ ✖ ✏ ✖
❚ ✗ ✘ ★ ✩ ✙ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✥ ✘ ✦ ✣ ✙ ◗ ✧ ✘ ✦ ✜ ★ ✘ ✩ ✦ ✪ ✜ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✫
✣ ✗ ✘
✉
✫ ✚
✬
✘ ✪ ✙ ✘ ◗
✬
✩ ✪
✭
✜
✬
✘ ✪ ✩
✬
✘ ✪
✭
✧ ✚
✮
✘ ✪ ✩ ✫
✯
✘
✰
❚ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✘
★ ✩
✭ ✬
✩ ✪
✭
✢ ✪ ✜ ★ ✣ ✚ ✫
✭
★ ✩ ✙ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✜ ✪
✮
✘ ✪ ✜ ✢ ✈ ✱
♦ ♣ ✼
❦
✯
✜ ✢ ✩ ✫ ✘ t ✘ ✦ ✣ ✪ ✜ ✫ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✗
✉ ✯
✘ ★ ✩ ✙ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✩ ✤ ✜
✉
✣ ✈ ✱
✺ ✺
❦
✯
✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ ❦ ✫ ✜ ✧ ✫
✉
✫ ✚
✬
✘ ✪ ✙ ✘
✰
❚ ✩ ✤ t ✘ ✸
✰ ❃ ✯
✚
✬
✘ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✪ ✩ ✫
✯
✘
✩ ✫
✮
✜ ✪
✮
✘ ✪ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✣
✭ ❡
✚ ✦ ✩ t ★ ✩ ✙ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢
✬
✩ ✪ ✚ ✜
✉
✙
✜ ✤ ✥ ✘ ✦ ✣ ✙
✰
q r s ✇① ② ③ ④ ⑤ r ⑥⑦ ① r ⑥ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ⑧ ① ⑩ ⑨ ❶ ✇ ① ⑥ ⑦ ❷ ❸❹
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✷ ✷
❚ ✆ ✝ ✞✟ ✠ ✡☛ ❘ ✆ ☞✌ ✟ ✆ ☞✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✆ ✓ ✓ ✟ ✓
✔ ✕ ✖ ✥ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✥ ✗ ✜✢ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✥ ✗
✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✪ ✫ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✩ ✪ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✪ ✮ ✳ ✫ ✴ ✵ ✪ ✯ ✪ ✪ ✶ ✫ ✸ ✴ ★ ✸ ✹ ✺
❲ ✪ ✯ ★ ✵ ✭ ✬ ✪ ✫ ✯ ❛ ✻✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ❀ ✻❛ ❁ ❂ ❛ ❃❂ ✼ ❞ ✻ ✾ ✽ ❄ ❅ ✵ ❆ ✲ ✸ ❆
✲ ✬ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✪ ✶ ★ ✯ ✱ ❆ ✪ ❇ ✪ ✮ ✲ ★ ✶ ✲ ✸ ✳ ✲ ✐ ✮ ✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯ ✬ ❇ ✮ ★ ✶ ✭ ✸ ✪ ✶ ✲ ✯
✫ ✸ ✪ ✬ ✲ ✭ ✩ ✫ ✱ ★ ✩ ✺ ✧ ❆ ✲ ✬ ✲ ✬ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✲ ✬ ★ ❈ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✿ ❄ ❀ ✾ ❝ ✽
✿ ❉ ✼ ✿ ❊ ❅ ✬ ★ ✩ ✪ ✱ ✲ ✩ ✪ ✬ ✸ ✫ ✴ ✴ ✪ ✶ ❛ ✻✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✿ ❉ ✼ ✿ ❊ ❅ ✭ ✬ ✪ ✶ ✲ ✯
✱ ❆ ✪ ✯ ✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯ ✫ ✴ ✬ ✱ ✫ ✯ ✶ ✫ ✮ ✶ ✬ ✺ t ✭ ✸ ❆ ✬ ✱ ✫ ✯ ✶ ✫ ✮ ✶ ✬ ✫ ✮ ✪
✫ ✳ ✫ ✲ ✴ ✫ ✐ ✴ ✪ ✲ ✯ ✩ ✫ ✯ ✰ ✴ ✫ ✐ ★ ✮ ✫ ✱ ★ ✮ ✲ ✪ ✬ ✺ ❋ ✯ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✸ ✪ ✬ ✲ ✭ ✩
✫ ✱ ★ ✩ ✲ ✸ ✸ ✴ ★ ✸ ✹ ❅ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✬ ✪ ✸ ★ ✯ ✶ ✲ ✬ ✱ ✫ ✹ ✪ ✯ ✫ ✬ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✱ ✲ ✩ ✪
✯ ✪ ✪ ✶ ✪ ✶ ❈ ★ ✮ ♥ ❅ ● ♥ ❍ ❅ ■ ❏ ● ❅ ❑ ❑ ▲ ✳ ✲ ✐ ✮ ✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯ ✬ ★ ❈ ✱ ❆ ✪
✮ ✫ ✶ ✲ ✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯ ✸ ★ ✮ ✮ ✪ ✬ ❇ ★ ✯ ✶ ✲ ✯ r ✱ ★ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✱ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✬ ✲ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯
✐ ✪ ✱ ✵ ✪ ✪ ✯ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✱ ✵ ★ ❆ ✰ ❇ ✪ ✮ ❈ ✲ ✯ ✪ ✴ ✪ ✳ ✪ ✴ ✬ ★ ❈ ✱ ❆ ✪ r ✮ ★ ✭ ✯ ✶
✬ ✱ ✫ ✱ ✪ ★ ❈ ✸ ✪ ✬ ✲ ✭ ✩ s ● ❏ ❏ ✫ ✱ ★ ✩ ✺ ✧ ❆ ✪ ✳ ✲ ✐ ✮ ✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯ ✬ ★ ❈ ✱ ❆ ✪
✸ ✪ ✬ ✲ ✭ ✩ ✫ ✱ ★ ✩ ✮ ✪ r ✭ ✴ ✫ ✱ ✪ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✮ ✫ ✱ ✪ ★ ❈ ✱ ❆ ✲ ✬ ✸ ✪ ✬ ✲ ✭ ✩
✫ ✱ ★ ✩ ✲ ✸ ✸ ✴ ★ ✸ ✹ ▼ ✭ ✬ ✱ ✫ ✬ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✳ ✲ ✐ ✮ ✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯ ✬ ★ ❈ ✫ ✐ ✫ ✴ ✫ ✯ ✸ ✪
✵ ❆ ✪ ✪ ✴ ✮ ✪ r ✭ ✴ ✫ ✱ ✪ ✫ ✯ ★ ✮ ✶ ✲ ✯ ✫ ✮ ✰ ✵ ✮ ✲ ✬ ✱ ✵ ✫ ✱ ✸ ❆ ★ ✮ ✱ ❆ ✪
✳ ✲ ✐ ✮ ✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯ ✬ ★ ❈ ✫ ✬ ✩ ✫ ✴ ✴
✈
✭ ✫ ✮ ✱
◆
✸ ✮ ✰ ✬ ✱ ✫ ✴ ✮ ✪ r ✭ ✴ ✫ ✱ ✪ ✫
✈
✭ ✫ ✮ ✱
◆
✵ ✮ ✲ ✬ ✱ ✵ ✫ ✱ ✸ ❆ ✺
✧ ❆ ✪ ✸ ✪ ✬ ✲ ✭ ✩ ✫ ✱ ★ ✩ ✲ ✸ ✸ ✴ ★ ✸ ✹ ✬ ✫ ✮ ✪ ✳ ✪ ✮ ✰ ✫ ✸ ✸ ✭ ✮ ✫ ✱ ✪ ✺
❋ ✯ ❇ ✮ ✲ ✯ ✸ ✲ ❇ ✴ ✪ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✰ ❇ ✮ ★ ✳ ✲ ✶ ✪ ❇ ★ ✮ ✱ ✫ ✐ ✴ ✪ ✬ ✱ ✫ ✯ ✶ ✫ ✮ ✶ ✺ ✧ ❆ ✪
✯ ✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯ ✫ ✴ ✬ ✱ ✫ ✯ ✶ ✫ ✮ ✶ ★ ❈ ✱ ✲ ✩ ✪ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✪ ✮ ✳ ✫ ✴
❖
✬ ✪ ✸ ★ ✯ ✶
◗
✫ ✬
✵ ✪ ✴ ✴ ✫ ✬ ✱ ❆ ✪ ❈ ✮ ✪
✈
✭ ✪ ✯ ✸ ✰ ✲ ✬ ✩ ✫ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✫ ✲ ✯ ✪ ✶ ✱ ❆ ✮ ★ ✭ r ❆ ❈ ★ ✭ ✮
✸ ✪ ✬ ✲ ✭ ✩ ✫ ✱ ★ ✩ ✲ ✸ ✸ ✴ ★ ✸ ✹ ✬ ✺
❙
✸ ✪ ✬ ✲ ✭ ✩ ✫ ✱ ★ ✩ ✲ ✸ ✸ ✴ ★ ✸ ✹ ✲ ✬
✭ ✬ ✪ ✶ ✫ ✱ ✱ ❆ ✪
✉
✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯ ✫ ✴
❯
❆ ✰ ✬ ✲ ✸ ✫ ✴
❱
✫ ✐ ★ ✮ ✫ ✱ ★ ✮ ✰
❳ ✉❯ ❱ ❨
❅
✉
✪ ✵
❩
✪ ✴ ❆ ✲ ✱ ★ ✩ ✫ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✫ ✲ ✯ ✱ ❆ ✪ ❋ ✯ ✶ ✲ ✫ ✯ ✬ ✱ ✫ ✯ ✶ ✫ ✮ ✶ ★ ❈
✱ ✲ ✩ ✪ ✺
❋ ✯ ★ ✭ ✮ ✸ ★ ✭ ✯ ✱ ✮ ✰ ❅ ✱ ❆ ✪
✉❯ ❱
❆ ✫ ✬ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✮ ✪ ✬ ❇ ★ ✯ ✬ ✲ ✐ ✲ ✴ ✲ ✱ ✰
★ ❈ ✩ ✫ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✪ ✯ ✫ ✯ ✸ ✪ ✫ ✯ ✶ ✲ ✩ ❇ ✮ ★ ✳ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✱ ★ ❈ ❇ ❆ ✰ ✬ ✲ ✸ ✫ ✴
✬ ✱ ✫ ✯ ✶ ✫ ✮ ✶ ✬ ❅ ✲ ✯ ✸ ✴ ✭ ✶ ✲ ✯ r ✱ ❆ ✫ ✱ ★ ❈ ✱ ✲ ✩ ✪ ❅ ❈ ✮ ✪
✈
✭ ✪ ✯ ✸ ✰ ❅ ✪ ✱ ✸ ✺
✉
★ ✱ ✪ ✱ ❆ ✫ ✱ ✱ ❆ ✪ ❋ ✯ ✶ ✲ ✫ ✯ t ✱ ✫ ✯ ✶ ✫ ✮ ✶ ✧ ✲ ✩ ✪
❳
❋ t ✧
❨
✲ ✬
✴ ✲ ✯ ✹ ✪ ✶ ✱ ★ ✱ ❆ ✲ ✬ ✬ ✪ ✱ ★ ❈ ✫ ✱ ★ ✩ ✲ ✸ ✸ ✴ ★ ✸ ✹ ✬ ✺ ✧ ❆ ✪ ✪ ❈ ❈ ✲ ✸ ✲ ✪ ✯ ✱
✸ ✪ ✬ ✲ ✭ ✩ ✫ ✱ ★ ✩ ✲ ✸ ✸ ✴ ★ ✸ ✹ ✬ ✫ ✮ ✪ ✬ ★ ✫ ✸ ✸ ✭ ✮ ✫ ✱ ✪ ✱ ❆ ✫ ✱ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✰
✲ ✩ ❇ ✫ ✮ ✱ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✭ ✯ ✸ ✪ ✮ ✱ ✫ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✰ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✲ ✩ ✪ ✮ ✪ ✫ ✴ ✲ ✬ ✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯ ✫ ✬
➧ ● × ● ▲
➊ ❬ ❭
❅ ✲ ✺ ✪ ✺ ● ❇ ✫ ✮ ✱ ✲ ✯ ● ▲
❬ ❭
✺ ✧ ❆ ✲ ✬ ✲ ✩ ❇ ✴ ✲ ✪ ✬ ✱ ❆ ✫ ✱
✱ ❆ ✪ ✭ ✯ ✸ ✪ ✮ ✱ ✫ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✰ r ✫ ✲ ✯ ✪ ✶ ★ ✳ ✪ ✮ ✱ ✲ ✩ ✪ ✐ ✰ ✬ ✭ ✸ ❆ ✫
✶ ✪ ✳ ✲ ✸ ✪ ✲ ✬ ✴ ✪ ✬ ✬ ✱ ❆ ✫ ✯ ● ❇ ✫ ✮ ✱ ✲ ✯ ● ▲
❬ ❭
❪ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✰ ✴ ★ ✬ ✪ ★ ✮
r ✫ ✲ ✯ ✯ ★ ✩ ★ ✮ ✪ ✱ ❆ ✫ ✯ ❏ ❡ ✬ ✲ ✯ ★ ✯ ✪ ✰ ✪ ✫ ✮ ✺ ❋ ✯ ✳ ✲ ✪ ✵ ★ ❈
✱ ❆ ✪ ✱ ✮ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✶ ★ ✭ ✬ ✫ ✸ ✸ ✭ ✮ ✫ ✸ ✰ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✲ ✩ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✱ ❅
✱ ❆ ✪ t ❋ ✭ ✯ ✲ ✱ ★ ❈ ✴ ✪ ✯ r ✱ ❆ ❆ ✫ ✬ ✐ ✪ ✪ ✯ ✪ ❫ ❇ ✮ ✪ ✬ ✬ ✪ ✶ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✪ ✮ ✩ ✬
✱ ❆ ✪ ❇ ✫ ✱ ❆ ✴ ✪ ✯ r ✱ ❆ ✴ ✲ r ❆ ✱ ✱ ✮ ✫ ✳ ✪ ✴ ✬ ✲ ✯ ✸ ✪ ✮ ✱ ✫ ✲ ✯ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✪ ✮ ✳ ✫ ✴
★ ❈ ✱ ✲ ✩ ✪
❳
● ♦ ❍ ♥ ♥ ❅ ❑ ♥ ❍ ❅ ❴ ❵ ❜ ★ ❈ ✫ ✬ ✪ ✸ ★ ✯ ✶
❨ ❳
✧ ✫ ✐ ✴ ✪ ❍ ✺ ●
❨
✺
✧ ❆ ✪ ✱ ✲ ✩ ✪ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✪ ✮ ✳ ✫ ✴ ★ ❈ ✪ ✳ ✪ ✯ ✱ ✬ ✱ ❆ ✫ ✱ ✵ ✪ ✸ ★ ✩ ✪
✫ ✸ ✮ ★ ✬ ✬ ✲ ✯ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✭ ✯ ✲ ✳ ✪ ✮ ✬ ✪ ✳ ✫ ✮ ✰ ★ ✳ ✪ ✮ ✫ ✳ ✪ ✮ ✰ ✵ ✲ ✶ ✪
✮ ✫ ✯ r ✪ ✺ ✧ ✫ ✐ ✴ ✪ ❍ ✺ ❵ r ✲ ✳ ✪ ✬ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✮ ✫ ✯ r ✪ ✫ ✯ ✶ ★ ✮ ✶ ✪ ✮ ★ ❈
✬ ★ ✩ ✪ ✱ ✰ ❇ ✲ ✸ ✫ ✴ ✱ ✲ ✩ ✪ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✪ ✮ ✳ ✫ ✴ ✬ ✺
❢
★ ✭ ✩ ✫ ✰ ✯ ★ ✱ ✲ ✸ ✪ ✱ ❆ ✫ ✱ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✮ ✪ ✲ ✬ ✫ ✯ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✪ ✮ ✪ ✬ ✱ ✲ ✯ r
✸ ★ ✲ ✯ ✸ ✲ ✶ ✪ ✯ ✸ ✪ ✐ ✪ ✱ ✵ ✪ ✪ ✯ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✯ ✭ ✩ ✐ ✪ ✮ ✬ ✫ ❇ ❇ ✪ ✫ ✮ ✲ ✯ r
✲ ✯ ✧ ✫ ✐ ✴ ✪ ✬ ❍ ✺ ❏ ✫ ✯ ✶ ❍ ✺ ❵ ✺
✉
★ ✱ ✪ ✱ ❆ ✫ ✱ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✮ ✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ★ ❈ ✱ ❆ ✪
✴ ★ ✯ r ✪ ✬ ✱ ✫ ✯ ✶ ✬ ❆ ★ ✮ ✱ ✪ ✬ ✱ ✴ ✪ ✯ r ✱ ❆ ✬ ★ ❈ ★ ✐ ▼ ✪ ✸ ✱ ✬ ✲ ✯ ★ ✭ ✮
✭ ✯ ✲ ✳ ✪ ✮ ✬ ✪ ✲ ✬ ✫ ✐ ★ ✭ ✱ ● ▲
❣ ❬
✺ ❋ ✯ ✱ ✪ ✮ ✪ ✬ ✱ ✲ ✯ r ✴ ✰ ✪ ✯ ★ ✭ r ❆ ❅
✱ ❆ ✪ ✮ ✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ★ ❈ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✴ ★ ✯ r ✪ ✬ ✱ ✫ ✯ ✶ ✬ ❆ ★ ✮ ✱ ✪ ✬ ✱ ✱ ✲ ✩ ✪
✲ ✯ ✱ ✪ ✮ ✳ ✫ ✴ ✬ ✫ ✬ ✬ ★ ✸ ✲ ✫ ✱ ✪ ✶ ✵ ✲ ✱ ❆ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✪ ✳ ✪ ✯ ✱ ✬ ✫ ✯ ✶ ★ ✐ ▼ ✪ ✸ ✱ ✬
✲ ✯ ★ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✯ ✲ ✳ ✪ ✮ ✬ ✪ ✲ ✬ ✫ ✴ ✬ ★ ✫ ✐ ★ ✭ ✱ ● ▲
❣ ❬
✺ ✧ ❆ ✲ ✬ ✯ ✭ ✩ ✐ ✪ ✮ ❅
● ▲
❣ ❬
✸ ★ ✩ ✪ ✬ ✭ ❇ ✫ r ✫ ✲ ✯ ✲ ✯ ✧ ✫ ✐ ✴ ✪ ❍ ✺ ❴ ❅ ✵ ❆ ✲ ✸ ❆ ✴ ✲ ✬ ✱ ✬
✱ ✰ ❇ ✲ ✸ ✫ ✴ ✩ ✫ ✬ ✬ ✪ ✬ ★ ❈ ★ ✐ ▼ ✪ ✸ ✱ ✬ ✺ ✧ ❆ ✪ ✮ ✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ★ ❈ ✱ ❆ ✪
✴ ✫ ✮ r ✪ ✬ ✱ ✫ ✯ ✶ ✬ ✩ ✫ ✴ ✴ ✪ ✬ ✱ ✩ ✫ ✬ ✬ ✪ ✬ ★ ❈ ✱ ❆ ✪ ★ ✐ ▼ ✪ ✸ ✱ ✬ ✲ ✯
★ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✯ ✲ ✳ ✪ ✮ ✬ ✪ ✲ ✬ ✫ ✐ ★ ✭ ✱
❳
● ▲
❣ ❬
❨
❤
✺ ❋ ✬ ✱ ❆ ✲ ✬ ✫ ✸ ✭ ✮ ✲ ★ ✭ ✬
✸ ★ ✲ ✯ ✸ ✲ ✶ ✪ ✯ ✸ ✪ ✐ ✪ ✱ ✵ ✪ ✪ ✯ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✬ ✪ ✴ ✫ ✮ r ✪ ✯ ✭ ✩ ✐ ✪ ✮ ✬
❇ ✭ ✮ ✪ ✴ ✰ ✫ ✸ ✸ ✲ ✶ ✪ ✯ ✱ ✫ ✴ ❥
✔ ✕ ❦ ✘ ❧ ❧ ✚ ✛ ✘ ❧ ♠ ♣ q ✛ ✗ ❧ ✦ ✙ ✦ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✛ ✚ ✥ ✗ ✜ ✢ ✙
✘ ✜ ✇ ✗ ✛ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✦ ✜ ✥ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✥ ✗ ✜ ✢
①
✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✱ ✲ ✬ ✱ ❆ ✪ ❈ ★ ✭ ✯ ✶ ✫ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯ ★ ❈ ✫ ✴ ✴
✪ ❫ ❇ ✪ ✮ ✲ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✱ ✫ ✴ ✬ ✸ ✲ ✪ ✯ ✸ ✪ ✫ ✯ ✶ ✱ ✪ ✸ ❆ ✯ ★ ✴ ★ r ✰ ✺ ✧ ❆ ✪ ✮ ✪ ✬ ✭ ✴ ✱
★ ❈ ✪ ✳ ✪ ✮ ✰ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✱ ✐ ✰ ✫ ✯ ✰ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✲ ✯ r
✲ ✯ ✬ ✱ ✮ ✭ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✱ ✸ ★ ✯ ✱ ✫ ✲ ✯ ✬ ✬ ★ ✩ ✪ ✭ ✯ ✸ ✪ ✮ ✱ ✫ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✰ ✺ ✧ ❆ ✲ ✬
✭ ✯ ✸ ✪ ✮ ✱ ✫ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✰ ✲ ✬ ✸ ✫ ✴ ✴ ✪ ✶ ❄ ❃ ❃✼ ❃ ✺
②
✳ ✪ ✮ ✰ ✸ ✫ ✴ ✸ ✭ ✴ ✫ ✱ ✪ ✶
✈
✭ ✫ ✯ ✱ ✲ ✱ ✰ ✵ ❆ ✲ ✸ ❆ ✲ ✬ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✪ ✶ ★ ✯ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✪ ✶ ✳ ✫ ✴ ✭ ✪ ✬ ❅
✫ ✴ ✬ ★ ❆ ✫ ✬ ✫ ✯ ✪ ✮ ✮ ★ ✮ ✺ ❲ ✪ ✬ ❆ ✫ ✴ ✴ ✶ ✲ ✬ ✱ ✲ ✯ r ✭ ✲ ✬ ❆ ✐ ✪ ✱ ✵ ✪ ✪ ✯
✱ ✵ ★ ✱ ✪ ✮ ✩ ✬ ③ ❛ ✿ ✿ ❝ ❃ ❛ ✿ ④ ✫ ✯ ✶ ⑤ ❃ ❄ ✿ ✾ ❀ ✾ ✼ ❁ ✺ ✧ ❆ ✪
✫ ✸ ✸ ✭ ✮ ✫ ✸ ✰ ★ ❈ ✫ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✱ ✲ ✬ ✫ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✪ ★ ❈ ❆ ★ ✵
✸ ✴ ★ ✬ ✪ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✪ ✶ ✳ ✫ ✴ ✭ ✪ ✲ ✬ ✱ ★ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✱ ✮ ✭ ✪ ✳ ✫ ✴ ✭ ✪ ★ ❈
✱ ❆ ✪
✈
✭ ✫ ✯ ✱ ✲ ✱ ✰ ✺
❯
✮ ✪ ✸ ✲ ✬ ✲ ★ ✯ ✱ ✪ ✴ ✴ ✬ ✭ ✬ ✱ ★ ✵ ❆ ✫ ✱ ✮ ✪ ✬ ★ ✴ ✭ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯
★ ✮ ✴ ✲ ✩ ✲ ✱ ✱ ❆ ✪
✈
✭ ✫ ✯ ✱ ✲ ✱ ✰ ✲ ✬ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✪ ✶ ✺
✧ ❆ ✪ ✫ ✸ ✸ ✭ ✮ ✫ ✸ ✰ ✲ ✯ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✱ ✩ ✫ ✰ ✶ ✪ ❇ ✪ ✯ ✶ ★ ✯
✬ ✪ ✳ ✪ ✮ ✫ ✴ ❈ ✫ ✸ ✱ ★ ✮ ✬ ❅ ✲ ✯ ✸ ✴ ✭ ✶ ✲ ✯ r ✱ ❆ ✪ ✴ ✲ ✩ ✲ ✱ ★ ✮ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✮ ✪ ✬ ★ ✴ ✭ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯
★ ❈ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✲ ✯ r ✲ ✯ ✬ ✱ ✮ ✭ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✱ ✺ ⑥ ★ ✮ ✪ ❫ ✫ ✩ ❇ ✴ ✪ ❅ ✬ ✭ ❇ ❇ ★ ✬ ✪
✱ ❆ ✪ ✱ ✮ ✭ ✪ ✳ ✫ ✴ ✭ ✪ ★ ❈ ✫ ✸ ✪ ✮ ✱ ✫ ✲ ✯ ✴ ✪ ✯ r ✱ ❆ ✲ ✬ ✯ ✪ ✫ ✮ ❏ ✺ ■ ❑ ❜ ✸ ✩ ✺
❋ ✯ ★ ✯ ✪ ✪ ❫ ❇ ✪ ✮ ✲ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✱ ❅ ✭ ✬ ✲ ✯ r ✫ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✲ ✯ r ✲ ✯ ✬ ✱ ✮ ✭ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✱
★ ❈ ✮ ✪ ✬ ★ ✴ ✭ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯ ▲ ✺ ● ✸ ✩ ❅ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✪ ✶ ✳ ✫ ✴ ✭ ✪ ✲ ✬ ❈ ★ ✭ ✯ ✶ ✱ ★
✐ ✪ ❏ ✺ ❵ ✸ ✩ ❅ ✵ ❆ ✲ ✴ ✪ ✲ ✯ ✫ ✯ ★ ✱ ❆ ✪ ✮ ✪ ❫ ❇ ✪ ✮ ✲ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✱ ✭ ✬ ✲ ✯ r ✫
✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✲ ✯ r ✶ ✪ ✳ ✲ ✸ ✪ ★ ❈ r ✮ ✪ ✫ ✱ ✪ ✮ ✮ ✪ ✬ ★ ✴ ✭ ✱ ✲ ★ ✯ ❅ ✬ ✫ ✰ ▲ ✺ ▲ ● ✸ ✩ ❅
✱ ❆ ✪ ✴ ✪ ✯ r ✱ ❆ ✲ ✬ ✶ ✪ ✱ ✪ ✮ ✩ ✲ ✯ ✪ ✶ ✱ ★ ✐ ✪ ❏ ✺ ❏ ❜ ✸ ✩ ✺ ✧ ❆ ✪ ❈ ✲ ✮ ✬ ✱
✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✱ ❆ ✫ ✬ ✩ ★ ✮ ✪ ✫ ✸ ✸ ✭ ✮ ✫ ✸ ✰
❳
✐ ✪ ✸ ✫ ✭ ✬ ✪ ✲ ✱ ✲ ✬
❯   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎   ✆ ✝ ✞ ☎ ✄ ❯ ✟ ✞ ✝ ✞   ✂ ✷ ✠
❝ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✡ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✖ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✗ ☞ ✗ ☛ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✎ ☞
✍ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✗ ☛ ✘ ✗ ☞ ☛ ✘ ✡
r ✚ ✛ ✜
❝
✢
✔
✣ ✤
✏ ✗ ✡ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✌
☞ ✌ ❝ ☛ ✘ s
✢
✌ ✓ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✌
✢
✌ ✘ ✎ ✗ ☞ ✡ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✓ ❝ ❝ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✌ ✕ ✑ ✎
✢
☛ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✗ ☞ ✌
✛
♠ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✍
r ✢
✌ ✓ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✌
✢
✌ ✘ ✎ ✗ ☞
✓ ✖ ✖ ✍ ☛
❛
✗
✢
✓ ✎ ✌ s ✑ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✗ ✘
✢
✌ ✓ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✌
✢
✌ ✘ ✎
✛ ✥
✘
❣
✌ ✘ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✡
✣
✎ ✏ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✗ ✘
✢
✌ ✓ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✌
✢
✌ ✘ ✎ ❝ ✓ ✘ ✕ ✌
✕ ✍ ☛ ✓ s ✡
r
❝ ✡ ✓ ☞ ☞ ✗ ❜ ✗ ✌ s ✓ ☞ ✙ ✓ ✔ ☞
r
☞ ✎ ✌
✢
✓ ✎ ✗ ❝ ✌ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✘ s
✙ ✕ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✘ s ☛
✢
✌ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✍ ☞
✛
❙ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ★ ✬ ✭ ✩ ✮ ✮ ✯ ✮ ✧
♠ ✏ ✌ ✰ ✱ ✰ ✲✳ ✴ ✵ ✲ ✶ ✸ ✳ ✹✹ ✺ ✹✰ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✎
✎ ✌ ✘ s ✎ ☛ ✕ ✌ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✘ ✌ s ✗ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✎ ✗ ☛ ✘
✣
✌ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✖ ☛ ☞ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✍
✘ ✌
❣
✓ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✌
✛
♥ ☛
✢
✌ ☛ ❜ ✎ ✏ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✍ ❝ ✌ ☞ ☛ ❜ ☞
r
☞ ✎ ✌
✢
✓ ✎ ✗ ❝
✌ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✌ ❡
✙ ✓ ✔
■ ✻
✰ ✲ ✹
✼
✴ ✳
✻
✲ ✵
✽
✳ ✹ ✹ ✺ ✹ ✰ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✌ ❜ ✍ ☛
✢
✎ ✏ ✌
✌ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✍ ☞ s ✑ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✗
✢
✖ ✌ ✍ ❜ ✌ ❝ ✎ s ✌ ☞ ✗
❣
✘ ☛ ✍ ❝ ✓ ✡ ✗ ✕ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✗ ☛ ✘
☛ ❜ ✎ ✏ ✌
✢
✌ ✓ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✘
❣
✗ ✘ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✑
✢
✌ ✘ ✎
✣ ♦
✌ ✍ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✗ ✘
✎ ✏ ✌ ✗ ✘ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✑
✢
✌ ✘ ✎
✣
✌ ✎ ❝
✛ t
☛ ✍ ✌
❛
✓
✢
✖ ✡ ✌
✣
✎ ✏ ✌
✎ ✌
✢
✖ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✌
❣
✍ ✓ s ✑ ✓ ✎ ✗ ☛ ✘ ☞ ☛ ❜ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✍
✢
☛
✢
✌ ✎ ✌ ✍
✢
✓
r
✕ ✌ ✗ ✘ ✓ s ✌ ✾ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✌ ✡
r
❝ ✓ ✡ ✗ ✕ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✌ s ✙ ✗ ✎
✢
✓
r
✍ ✌ ✓ s
✜ ✚ ✿ ❀ ❁
✓ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✕ ☛ ✗ ✡ ✗ ✘
❣
✖ ☛ ✗ ✘ ✎ ☛ ❜
✤
✓ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✎ ♥ ♠
❂
✤
✏ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✗ ✎ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✡ s ✍ ✌ ✓ s
✜ ✚ ✚ ❀ ❁
✔
✇
✗ ✘ ✓ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✘ ✗ ✌ ✍
❝ ✓ ✡ ✡ ✗ ✖ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✌
♦
✌ ✍ ☛
✢
✓ ✍ ❃ ☛ ❜ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✘ ✗ ✌ ✍ ☞ ❝ ✓ ✡ ✌
✢
✓
r
✘ ☛ ✎ ❝ ☛ ✗ ✘ ❝ ✗ s ✌
✤
✗ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✌
♦
✌ ✍ ☛
✢
✓ ✍ ❃ ☛ ❜ ✎ ✏ ✌
✢
✓ ✗ ✘
☞ ❝ ✓ ✡ ✌
✣
☛ ✍ ☞ ✗
✢
✖ ✡
r
✓ ✘ ☛ ✍ s ✗ ✘ ✓ ✍
r ✢
✌ ✎ ✍ ✌ ☞ ❝ ✓ ✡ ✌
✢
✓
r
✕ ✌
✤
☛ ✍ ✘ ☛ ❜ ❜ ✓ ✎ ☛ ✘ ✌ ✌ ✘ s
✛
✙ ✕ ✔
■
✴
❄
✳ ✹
❅
✳ ✸ ✲ ✶ ✺
✻
✶
✻
✳
❆ ❄
✳ ✹ ✶ ✴ ✳
✻
✲ ✵
✽
✲ ✳ ✸
❇ ✻
✶
❈ ✼
✳
✺ ✹
❄
✹✺ ✸ ✳ ♣
✼
✹✳ ♠ ☛ s ✌ ✎ ✌ ✍
✢
✗ ✘ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✌
✢
✖ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✌
☛ ❜ ✓ ✏ ✑
✢
✓ ✘ ✕ ☛ s
r ✣
✓ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✍
✢
☛
✢
✌ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✖ ✡ ✓ ❝ ✌ s
✑ ✘ s ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✓ ✍
✢
✖ ✗ ✎
✤
✗ ✡ ✡ ✓ ✡
✤
✓
r
☞
❣
✗ ✒ ✌ ✓
✎ ✌
✢
✖ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✡ ☛
✤
✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✓ ❝ ✎ ✑ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✓ ✡ ✑ ✌ ☛ ❜
✎ ✏ ✌ ✕ ☛ s
r
✎ ✌
✢
✖ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✌
✛ ❉
✎ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✌
❛
✎ ✌ ✍ ✘ ✓ ✡
❝ ☛ ✘ s ✗ ✎ ✗ ☛ ✘ ☞ ✙ ☞ ✑ ❝ ✏ ✓ ☞ ❝ ✏ ✓ ✘
❣
✌ ☞ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✌
✢
✖ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✌
✣
✏ ✑
✢
✗ s ✗ ✎
r ✣ ✤
✗ ✘ s ✒ ✌ ✡ ☛ ❝ ✗ ✎
r ✣
✌ ✎ ❝
✛
✔ s ✑ ✍ ✗ ✘
❣
✎ ✏ ✌
✌
❛
✖ ✌ ✍ ✗
✢
✌ ✘ ✎
✢
✓
r
☞
r
☞ ✎ ✌
✢
✓ ✎ ✗ ❝ ✓ ✡ ✡
r
✓ ❜ ❜ ✌ ❝ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✌
✢
✌ ✓ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✌
✢
✌ ✘ ✎
✛
✙ ❝ ✔
P
✳ ✹ ✰ ✺
✻
✵
✽
✳ ✹ ✹ ✺ ✹ ✰ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✌ s ✑ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✘
✗ ✘ s ✗ ✒ ✗ s ✑ ✓ ✡ ✐ ☞ ✕ ✗ ✓ ☞
✣
✡ ✓ ❝ ❃ ☛ ❜ ✖ ✍ ☛ ✖ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✎ ✗ ✘
❣
☛ ❜
✎ ✏ ✌ ✓ ✖ ✖ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✑ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✗ ✘ s ✗ ✒ ✗ s ✑ ✓ ✡ ✐ ☞ ❝ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✘ ✌ ☞ ☞
✗ ✘ ✎ ✓ ❃ ✗ ✘
❣
☛ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✗ ☛ ✘ ☞
✤
✗ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✗ ✘
❣
✖ ✍ ☛ ✖ ✌ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✗ ☛ ✘ ☞
✣
✌ ✎ ❝
✛ t
☛ ✍ ✌
❛
✓
✢
✖ ✡ ✌
✣
✗ ❜
r
☛ ✑
✣
✕
r
✏ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✎
✣
✓ ✡
✤
✓
r
☞ ✏ ☛ ✡ s
r
☛ ✑ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✓ s ✓ ✕ ✗ ✎ ✎ ☛ ☛ ❜ ✓ ✍
✎ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✗
❣
✏ ✎
✤
✏ ✗ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✓ s ✗ ✘
❣
✎ ✏ ✌ ✖ ☛ ☞ ✗ ✎ ✗ ☛ ✘ ☛ ❜ ✓
✘ ✌ ✌ s ✡ ✌ ☛ ✘ ✎ ✏ ✌ ☞ ❝ ✓ ✡ ✌
✣ r
☛ ✑
✤
✗ ✡ ✡ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✍ ☛ s ✑ ❝ ✌ ✓ ✘
✌ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✍ s ✑ ✌ ✎ ☛
❄
✵ ✹ ✵
✽ ✽
✵
❆ ✛
♥
r
☞ ✎ ✌
✢
✓ ✎ ✗ ❝ ✌ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✍ ☞ ❝ ✓ ✘ ✕ ✌
✢
✗ ✘ ✗
✢
✗ ☞ ✌ s ✕
r
✗
✢
✖ ✍ ☛ ✒ ✗ ✘
❣
✌
❛
✖ ✌ ✍ ✗
✢
✌ ✘ ✎ ✓ ✡ ✎ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✘ ✗ ✾ ✑ ✌ ☞
✣
☞ ✌ ✡ ✌ ❝ ✎ ✗ ✘
❣
✕ ✌ ✎ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✗ ✘ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✑
✢
✌ ✘ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✘ s ✍ ✌
✢
☛ ✒ ✗ ✘
❣
✖ ✌ ✍ ☞ ☛ ✘ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✗ ✓ ☞
✓ ☞ ❜ ✓ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✖ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✗ ✕ ✡ ✌
✛ t
☛ ✍ ✓
❣
✗ ✒ ✌ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✎ ❊ ✑ ✖
✣
✎ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✌
✌ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✍ ☞
✢
✓
r
✕ ✌ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✗
✢
✓ ✎ ✌ s ✎ ☛ ✓ ❝ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✌
❛
✎ ✌ ✘ ✎ ✓ ✘ s
✎ ✏ ✌ ✘ ✌ ❝ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✓ ✍
r
❝ ☛ ✍ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✎ ✗ ☛ ✘ ☞
✢
✓
r
✕ ✌ ✓ ✖ ✖ ✡ ✗ ✌ s ✎ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✌
✍ ✌ ✓ s ✗ ✘
❣
☞
✛
❘
✫
❋ ●
✯ ✪ ✩ ✮ ✮ ✯ ✮ ✧
♠ ✏ ✌ ✹✵
✻
♣ ✺ ✴ ✳ ✹ ✹ ✺ ✹ ✰ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✍ ☞
✣ ✤
✏ ✗ ❝ ✏ ☛ ❝ ❝ ✑ ✍
✗ ✍ ✍ ✌
❣
✑ ✡ ✓ ✍ ✡
r
✓ ✘ s ✏ ✌ ✘ ❝ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✘ s ☛
✢ ✤
✗ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✖ ✌ ❝ ✎
❚ ❍ ❏ ❑▲ ▼ ◆❖ ◗ ❍ ❱ ❲ ▲ ❍ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❳ ▲ ❩ ❨ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ▲ ❪ ❱ ❭ ▲ ❩ ❴ ❍ ❑❵
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✷ ✆
t ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✞ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✓ ✟ ✞ ✍ ☞ ✔ ✍ t ✝ ✓ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✝ ✕
☛ ✡ ☞ ✔ ✡ ❛ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✟ ✒ t ☛ ✖ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✒ t ✔ ☛ t ✟ ✝ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✡ ✍ ✙ ❛ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ☛ ✗
✒ ✝ ✡ ☞ ✟ t ✟ ✝ ✡ ✞ ❝ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✎ ✔ ✡ ❛ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✟ ✒ t ☛ ✖ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✒ t ✔ ☛ t ✟ ✝ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✡
t ✍ ✕ ❛ ✍ ✓ ☛ t ✔ ✓ ✍ ✚ ✛ ✝ ✗ t ☛ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✔ ❛ ❛ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✕ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✒ ☛ ✗
✛ ✟ ✖ ✓ ☛ t ✟ ✝ ✡ ✞ ✝ ✘ ✍ ✙ ❛ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ☛ ✗ ✞ ✍ t ✈ ✔ ❛ ✞ ✚ ✍ t ✒ ✢ ✚ ❛ ✍ ✓ ✞ ✝ ✡ ☛ ✗
❝ ✔ ✡ ✖ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✍ ☞ ✢ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✖ ✜ t ✑ ✍ ✝ ✖ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✛ ✍ ✓ t ☛ ✭ ✟ ✡ ✠
✓ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✚ ✍ t ✒ ✎ r ✝ ✓ ✍ ✙ ☛ ✕ ❛ ✗ ✍ ✚ ✣ ✑ ✍ ✡ t ✑ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✕ ✍
❛ ✍ ✓ ✞ ✝ ✡ ✓ ✍ ❛ ✍ ☛ t ✞ t ✑ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✕ ✍ ✝ ✖ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✛ ☛ t ✟ ✝ ✡ ✚ ✟ t ✟ ✞ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✜
✗ ✟ ✭ ✍ ✗ ✜ t ✑ ☛ t ✑ ✍ ✕ ☛ ✜ ✠ ✍ t ☞ ✟ ✘ ✘ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✡ t ✓ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✞
✍ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✜ t ✟ ✕ ✍ ✎
▲ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✧ ✤ ✬ ✬ ✩ ✬
✏ ✑ ✍ ✞ ✕ ☛ ✗ ✗ ✍ ✞ t ✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍ t ✑ ☛ t ✒ ☛ ✡ ✖ ✍ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✔ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✖ ✜ t ✑ ✍
✕ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✔ ✓ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✞ t ✓ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ✟ ✞ ✒ ☛ ✗ ✗ ✍ ☞ ✟ t ✞
❧ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✱
✎
❆
✗ ✗ t ✑ ✍ ✓ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✝ ✓ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✔ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✝ ✝ ☞ ✝ ✡ ✗ ✜
✔ ❛ t ✝ t ✑ ✟ ✞ ✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✎
✏ ✑ ✍
❧ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✱ ✮ ✶ ✶ ✳ ✶
✟ ✞ t ✑ ✍ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✝ ✓
☛ ✞ ✞ ✝ ✒ ✟ ☛ t ✍ ☞ ✣ ✟ t ✑ t ✑ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✗ ✔ t ✟ ✝ ✡ ✝ ✘ t ✑ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✞ t ✓ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ✎
r ✝ ✓ ✍ ✙ ☛ ✕ ❛ ✗ ✍ ✚ ☛ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✡ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✒ ☛ ✗ ✗ ✟ ❛ ✍ ✓ ✞ ✑ ☛ ✞ t ✑ ✍ ✗ ✍ ☛ ✞ t
✒ ✝ ✔ ✡ t ☛ ✞
✸
✎
✸ ✹
✒ ✕
✺
☛ ✞ ❛ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✝ ✕ ✍ t ✍ ✓ ✕ ☛ ✜ ✑ ☛ ✛ ✍ ☛
✗ ✍ ☛ ✞ t ✒ ✝ ✔ ✡ t ✝ ✘
✸
✎
✸ ✸ ✹
✒ ✕ ✎
✻
✍ ☛ ✞ t ✒ ✝ ✔ ✡ t ✍ ✓ ✓ ✝ ✓
✖ ✍ ✗ ✝ ✡ ✠ ✞ t ✝ t ✑ ✍ ✒ ☛ t ✍ ✠ ✝ ✓ ✜ ✝ ✘ ✓ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✝ ✕ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✖ ✔ t
✣ ✟ t ✑ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✗ ✟ ✕ ✟ t ✍ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✌ ✍
✺
✟ t ✝ ✒ ✒ ✔ ✓ ✞ ✣ ✟ t ✑ ✖ ✝ t ✑
✞ ✜ ✞ t ✍ ✕ ☛ t ✟ ✒ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✓ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✝ ✕ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✎ s ✘ ✣ ✍ ✔ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✕ ✍ t ✓ ✍
✞ ✒ ☛ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✝ ✓ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✔ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ✝ ✘ ✗ ✍ ✡ ✠ t ✑ ✚ ✟ t ✕ ☛ ✜ ✑ ☛ ✛ ✍
✠ ✓ ☛ ☞ ✔ ☛ t ✟ ✝ ✡ ✞ ☛ t
✹
✕ ✕ ☞ ✟ ✛ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✝ ✡ ✞ ✒ ☛ ✗ ✍ ✞ ❛ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✓
✟ ✡ t ✍ ✓ ✛ ☛ ✗ ✎
❯ ✞ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✞ t ✓ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ✞ ✝ ✘ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✓ ❛ ✓ ✍ ✒ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✝ ✡ ✚
✟ ✕ ❛ ✓ ✝ ✛ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✙ ❛ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ☛ ✗ t ✍ ✒ ✑ ✡ ✟ ✐ ✔ ✍ ✞ ✚ ✍ t ✒ ✎ ✚ ✣ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✡
✓ ✍ ☞ ✔ ✒ ✍ t ✑ ✍ ✗ ✍ ☛ ✞ t ✒ ✝ ✔ ✡ t ✍ ✓ ✓ ✝ ✓ ✎ ✼ ✍ ❛ ✍ ☛ t ✟ ✡ ✠ t ✑ ✍
✝ ✖ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✛ ☛ t ✟ ✝ ✡ ✞ ✞ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✓ ☛ ✗ t ✟ ✕ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✡ ☞ t ☛ ✭ ✟ ✡ ✠ t ✑ ✍
☛ ✓ ✟ t ✑ ✕ ✍ t ✟ ✒ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✝ ✘ ☛ ✗ ✗ t ✑ ✍ ✝ ✖ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✛ ☛ t ✟ ✝ ✡ ✞ ✚ t ✑ ✍
✕ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✣ ✝ ✔ ✗ ☞ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✗ ✝ ✞ ✍ t ✝ t ✑ ✍ t ✓ ✔ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍
✝ ✘ t ✑ ✍ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✔ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✐ ✔ ☛ ✡ t ✟ t ✜ ✎
✽ ✾ ✿ ✾ ❀ ❁ ❂ ✰ ✳ ❧ ✴ ✱ ✮ ❃ ✶ ✶ ✳ ✶ ❄ ❅ ✮ ❧ ✯ ✱ ❇ ❈ ✮ ❃ ✶ ✶ ✳ ✶ ✯ ✵ ♦
❉ ✮ ✶✲ ✮ ✵ ✱✯ ❊ ✮ ❃ ✶✶ ✳ ✶
❝ ☛ ✢ ❋ ✔ ❛ ❛ ✝ ✞ ✍ t ✑ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✖ t ☛ ✟ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✟ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✓ ☛ ✗
✕ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✔ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ✞ ☛ ✓ ✍ ●
❍
■ ●
❏
■ ●
❑
▼ ▼ ▼ ▼ ■ ●
♥
✎ ✏ ✑ ✍
☛ ✓ ✟ t ✑ ✕ ✍ t ✟ ✒ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✝ ✘ t ✑ ✍ ✞ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✞ ✟ ✞ t ☛ ✭ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✞
t ✑ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✞ t ❛ ✝ ✞ ✞ ✟ ✖ ✗ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✝ ✘ t ✑ ✍ ✐ ✔ ☛ ✡ t ✟ t ✜ ✔ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✓
t ✑ ✍ ✠ ✟ ✛ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✝ ✡ ☞ ✟ t ✟ ✝ ✡ ✞ ✝ ✘ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✔ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ☛ ✞
◆
●
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
❘ ❙
●
❍
❚
●
❏
❚
●
❑
❚
▼ ▼ ▼
❚
●
♥
❱ ❲ ❳
❝
❨
✎
❩
✢
✝ ✓ ✚
❬ ❬ ❭ ❪
❫❴ ❵ ❜ ❞
❞ ❡
❜
❢
❣
❤
❝
❨
✎
❥
✢
✏ ✑ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✖ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✞ ✍ ✚ ☛ ✞ ✍ ✙ ❛ ✗ ☛ ✟ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✓ ✗ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✚ ✟ t ✟ ✞
✓ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✝ ✡ ☛ ✖ ✗ ✍ t ✝ ✞ ✔ ❛ ❛ ✝ ✞ ✍ t ✑ ☛ t ✟ ✡ ☞ ✟ ✛ ✟ ☞ ✔ ☛ ✗
✕ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✔ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ✞ ☛ ✓ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✗ ✟ ✭ ✍ ✗ ✜ t ✝ ✝ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✞ t ✟ ✕ ☛ t ✍
☛ ✞ t ✝ ✔ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✞ t ✟ ✕ ☛ t ✍ t ✑ ✍ t ✓ ✔ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✝ ✘ t ✑ ✍
✐ ✔ ☛ ✡ t ✟ t ✜ ✎
❦ ♣ ✮ q ✯ ❊ ✵ ❇ ✱ ✴ ♦ ✮ ✳ ✉ ✱ ♣ ✮ ♦ ❇ ✉ ✉ ✮ ✶ ✮ ✵ ✲ ✮
❂ ✮ ✱✇ ✮ ✮ ✵ ✱♣ ✮ ✱ ✶ ✴ ✮ ❈ ✯ ❧ ✴ ✮ ✳ ✉ ✱ ♣ ✮ ① ✴ ✯ ✵ ✱ ❇ ✱ ②
✯ ✵ ♦ ✱ ♣ ✮ ❇ ✵ ♦ ❇ ❈ ❇ ♦ ✴ ✯ ❧ q ✮ ✯ ✰ ✴ ✶ ✮ q ✮ ✵ ✱ ❈ ✯ ❧ ✴ ✮ ❇ ✰
✲ ✯ ❧ ❧ ✮ ♦ ✱ ♣ ✮ ✯ ❂ ✰ ✳ ❧ ✴ ✱ ✮ ✮ ✶ ✶ ✳ ✶ ✳ ✉ ✱ ♣ ✮
q ✮ ✯ ✰ ✴ ✶ ✮ q ✮ ✵ ✱
✎ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✝ t ✍ ☞ ✖ ✜
⑤ ③
●
⑤ ④
s ✡
☛ ✖ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✍ ✝ ✘ ☛ ✡ ✜ ✝ t ✑ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✍ t ✑ ✝ ☞ ✝ ✘ ✭ ✡ ✝ ✣ ✟ ✡ ✠ t ✓ ✔ ✍
✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✚ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✝ ✡ ✞ ✟ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✍ ☞ ☛ ✓ ✟ t ✑ ✕ ☛ t ✟ ✒ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✞ t ✑ ✍
t ✓ ✔ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✡ t ✑ ✍ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✡ t ✑ ✍ ✟ ✡ ☞ ✟ ✛ ✟ ☞ ✔ ☛ ✗
✕ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✔ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✍
③
⑥
❍
⑦ ⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
⑧ ⑥
⑨
■
③
⑥
❏
⑦ ⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
⑧ ⑥
❏
✚
✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎
✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✎
③
⑥
♥
⑦ ⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
⑧ ⑥
♥
✏ ✑ ✍
③
⑥ ✒ ☛ ✗ ✒ ✔ ✗ ☛ t ✍ ☞ ☛ ✖ ✝ ✛ ✍ ✕ ☛ ✜ ✖ ✍ ❛ ✝ ✞ ✟ t ✟ ✛ ✍ ✟ ✡
✒ ✍ ✓ t ☛ ✟ ✡ ✒ ☛ ✞ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✡ ✍ ✠ ☛ t ✟ ✛ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✞ ✝ ✕ ✍ ✝ t ✑ ✍ ✓
✒ ☛ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✎ ⑩✔ t ☛ ✖ ✞ ✝ ✗ ✔ t ✍ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✝ ✓ ❶
③
● ❶ ✣ ✟ ✗ ✗ ☛ ✗ ✣ ☛ ✜ ✞
✖ ✍ ❛ ✝ ✞ ✟ t ✟ ✛ ✍ ✎
❝ ✖ ✢ ✏ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✓ ✟ t ✑ ✕ ✍ t ✟ ✒ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✝ ✘ ☛ ✗ ✗ t ✑ ✍ ●
❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❽ ❽ ❾ ❾ ❹ ❾ ❸
✟ ✞ t ☛ ✭ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✞ t ✑ ✍ ❿ ➀
❳
●
❺
✝ ✓ ➁
❽
●
❳
●
❷ ❸ ❹ ❺❻ ❼ ❽ ❽ ❾ ❾ ❹ ❾
✝ ✘ t ✑ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✝ ✘ t ✑ ✍ ❛ ✑ ✜ ✞ ✟ ✒ ☛ ✗ ✐ ✔ ☛ ✡ t ✟ t ✜ ● ✎ s t ✟ ✞
✓ ✍ ❛ ✓ ✍ ✞ ✍ ✡ t ✍ ☞ ✖ ✜
③
⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
✎
✏ ✑ ✔ ✞ ✚
③
⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
⑦ ❝ ❶
③
●
❍
❶
➂
❶
③
●
❏
❶
➂
❶
③
●
❑
❶
➂
✎ ✎ ✎
➂
❶
③
●
♥
❶ ✢
➃ ❳
❝
❨
✎ ➄ ✢
➅
➆
➇
➈ ➉
➊
❶
③
●
➋
❶
➃ ❳
❝
❨
✎ ➌ ✢
s ✘ ✣ ✍ ☞ ✝ ☛ ✞ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✔ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ✚ t ✑ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✣ ✍
✠ ✍ t ✕ ☛ ✜ ✖ ✍ ✟ ✡ t ✑ ✍ ✓ ☛ ✡ ✠ ✍ ⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
➍ ③
⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
i.e.      ⑥ = ⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
➍ ③
⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
✝ ✓ ✚
⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
➎
③
⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
➏ ⑥ ➏ ⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
➂ ③
⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
❝
❨
✎
➐
✢
✏ ✑ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✕ ❛ ✗ ✟ ✍ ✞ t ✑ ☛ t ☛ ✡ ✜ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✔ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ✝ ✘ t ✑ ✍
❛ ✑ ✜ ✞ ✟ ✒ ☛ ✗ ✐ ✔ ☛ ✡ t ✟ t ✜ ⑥ ✟ ✞ ✗ ✟ ✭ ✍ ✗ ✜ t ✝ ✗ ✟ ✍ ✖ ✍ t ✣ ✍ ✍ ✡
➑ ⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
➂ ③
⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
✢ ☛ ✡ ☞ ➑ ⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
➒
③
⑥
♠ ❖ ◗ ♥
✢ ✎
❝ ✒ ✢ s ✡ ✞ t ✍ ☛ ☞ ✝ ✘ t ✑ ✍ ☛ ✖ ✞ ✝ ✗ ✔ t ✍ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✝ ✓ ✚ ✣ ✍ ✝ ✘ t ✍ ✡ ✔ ✞ ✍
t ✑ ✍
✶ ✮ ❧ ✯ ✱ ❇ ❈ ✮ ✮ ✶✶✳ ✶
✝ ✓ t ✑ ✍
➓ ✮ ✶✲ ✮ ✵ ✱✯ ❊ ✮ ✮ ✶ ✶✳ ✶
❝ ➔ ⑥ ✢ ✎ →
♣ ✮ ✶ ✮ ❧ ✯ ✱ ❇ ❈ ✮ ✮ ✶✶✳ ✶ ❇ ✰ ✱ ♣ ✮ ✶ ✯ ✱ ❇ ✳ ✳ ✉ ✱ ♣ ✮
q ✮ ✯ ✵ ✯ ❂ ✰ ✳ ❧ ✴ ✱✮ ✮ ✶ ✶✳ ✶
➣↔
↕ ➙ ➛ ➜
✱ ✳ ✱ ♣ ✮ q ✮ ✯ ✵
❈ ✯ ❧ ✴ ✮
↔
↕ ➙ ➛ ➜
✳ ✉ ✱ ♣ ✮ ① ✴ ✯ ✵ ✱ ❇ ✱ ② q ✮ ✯ ✰ ✴ ✶ ✮ ♦ ➝
❯   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎   ✆ ✝ ✞ ☎ ✄ ❯ ✟ ✞ ✝ ✞   ✂ ✷ ✠
✡
✡
❘ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✔❛
♠✕ ✖ ♥
✴ ❛
♠✕ ✖ ♥
✭ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚
❲ ✛ ☛ ✜ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✑ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✢ ☛ ✣ ✤ ✑ ☛ ✢ ✢ ☛ ✥ ✎ ✜ ✤ ☛ ✑
❝
☛ ✜ ✍
✦
✎ ✍ ✎ ✢
❝
✌ ☞ ☞ ☛ ✥ ✍ ✛ ☛
♣ ✧ ★✩ ✧ ✪ ✫✬ ✮ ✧ ✧ ★★ ✯ ★
✭
✰
❛ ✚ ✘
❚
✛
✱
✢
✦ ✲
☛ ✑
❝
☛ ✜ ✍ ✌
✳
☛ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑
✰
❛ ✓ ✭ ✔ ❛
♠✕ ✖ ♥
✴ ❛
♠✕ ✖ ♥
✚
✵ ✶ ✸ ✸ ✹
✭ ✗ ✘
✶ ✸
✚
▲
☛ ✍
✱
✢ ✜ ✒
✺ ❝
✒ ✜ ✢ ✎ ✥ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✜ ☛ ✣ ✌
✻
✤ ☞ ☛ ✘
❊ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❚ ✺
✒
❝
☞ ✒
❝ ❅
✢ ✌ ✑ ☛
❆
☛ ✎ ✜
✳
✍ ☛ ✢ ✍ ☛ ✥
✌
✳
✌ ✎ ✜ ✢ ✍ ✌ ✢ ✍ ✌ ✜ ✥ ✌ ✑ ✥
❝
☞ ✒
❝ ❅
☞ ✒
❝
✌ ✍ ☛ ✥ ✎ ✜ ✌
✜ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✜ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✌
❆
✒ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✑
❇
✘
❈
✍
✶
✗
❉ ✸ ✸ ❉ ✸ ✸
✜ ✒ ✒ ✜
❆ ❇
✍ ✛ ☛ ✢ ✍ ✌ ✜ ✥ ✌ ✑ ✥
❝
☞ ✒
❝ ❅ ✦
✍ ✛ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✥ ✎ ✜
✳
✢ ✒
t
✍ ✛ ☛ ✍
✺
✒
❝
☞ ✒
❝ ❅
✢ ✌ ✑ ☛
❉
❋ ●❍ ■ ❏ ❑ ❋ ● ❍ ■ ❏ ▼
◆ ❖ P ◗ ❙ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❬ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❳ ❬ ❩ ❳ ❭ ❩ ❬ ❪
❫ ❴ ❵ ❜
◗ ❙ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❳ ❩ ❳ ❭ ❳ ❬ ❩ ❳
❞
❩ ❭
❡
❢
❵
◗ P
❵ ❜
◗ ❙ ❱ ❳ ❳ ❩ ❭
❡
❩ ❬ ❣ ❳ ❬ ❩ ❳ ❭ ❩ ❳ ❣
❫
❤
❴
✐
❜
◗ ❙ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❳ ❩ ❭ ❬ ❳ ❬ ❩ ❳ ❭ ❩ ❬ ❥
❦
✐
❧
◗ ❙ ❱ ❳ ❳ ❩ ❭
❡
❩ ❳ ❭ ❳ ❬ ❩ ❳
❞
❩ ❭
♦
q ❙ r
❴
✐ ◗ ❙ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❳ ❩
♦
❬ ❳ ❬ ❩ ❳ ❭ ❩ ❨
❞
q
❴
P ◗ ❙ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❳ ❩ ❳
❡
❳ ❬ ❩ ❳ ❭ ❩ ❳ ❳
s t ❇
✒
✱
✌ ✑ ☛ ✥ ✒ ✎ ✜
✳
✌ ✜ ☛ ✣ ✤ ☛ ✑ ✎
✻
☛ ✜ ✍ ✍ ✛ ✌ ✍ ✑ ☛
✉ ✱
✎ ✑ ☛ ✢
✤ ✑ ☛
❝
✎ ✢ ✎ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✎
✻
☛ ✎ ✜ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✏ ✌ ☞
✻
☛ ✌ ✢
✱
✑ ☛
✻
☛ ✜ ✍ ✢
✦ ✺
✛ ✎
❝
✛
✒
t
✍ ✛ ☛ ✍
✺
✒
❝
☞ ✒
❝ ❅
✢
✺
✎ ☞ ☞
❇
✒
✱
✤ ✑ ☛
t
☛ ✑
✈
✇ ① ② ③ ❁ ④ ❚
✛ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✜
✳
☛ ✒
t
✏ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✜ ✒ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✢ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✜
✥ ✌
❇
✢ ✒
t
✒
❆
✢ ☛ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✎ ✢
✶ ⑤
✗ ✢
t
✒ ✑
❝
☞ ✒
❝ ❅ ✶ ✦
✌ ✜ ✥
⑥ ✶
✢
t
✒ ✑
❝
☞ ✒
❝ ❅
✗ ✘
❚
✛ ☛ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✌
✳
☛ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✥ ✎ ✜
✳
✒
t ❝
☞ ✒
❝ ❅ ✶
✎ ✢
✻ ✱ ❝
✛
❝
☞ ✒ ✢ ☛ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✢ ✍ ✌ ✜ ✥ ✌ ✑ ✥ ✍ ✎
✻
☛ ✍ ✛ ✌ ✜ ✍ ✛ ☛
✌ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✌
✳
☛ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✥ ✎ ✜
✳
✒
t ❝
☞ ✒
❝ ❅
✗ ✘
❚
✛ ☛ ✎
✻
✤ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✒ ✎ ✜ ✍
✎ ✢ ✍ ✛ ✌ ✍ ✌
❝
☞ ✒
❝ ❅ ⑦
✢
⑧
☛ ✑ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✢ ✜ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✢ ✢ ✎
✳
✜ ✎
t
✎
❝
✌ ✜ ✍
t
✒ ✑ ✤ ✑ ☛
❝
✎ ✢ ✎ ✒ ✜
✺
✒ ✑
❅
✌ ✢ ✎ ✍ ✢ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✜
✦ ❆
☛
❝
✌
✱
✢ ☛ ✌
➅ ⑧
☛ ✑ ✒
⑨
☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑
⑦ ❝
✌ ✜ ✌ ☞
✺
✌
❇
✢
❆
☛ ☛ ✌ ✢ ✎ ☞
❇ ❝
✒ ✑ ✑ ☛
❝
✍ ☛ ✥ ✘
⑩
☛ ✜
❝
☛
❝
☞ ✒
❝ ❅
✗ ✎ ✢ ✍ ✒
❆
☛ ✤ ✑ ☛
t
☛ ✑ ✑ ☛ ✥ ✍ ✒
❝
☞ ✒
❝ ❅ ✶
✘
❶
❊ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❂ ❃ ❷
❲ ☛
✻
☛ ✌ ✢
✱
✑ ☛ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✤ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✥ ✒
t
✒ ✢
❝
✎ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✜ ✒
t
✌ ✢ ✎
✻
✤ ☞ ☛ ✤ ☛ ✜ ✥
✱
☞
✱ ✻
✘
s
✜
✢
✱ ❝ ❝
☛ ✢ ✢ ✎ ✏ ☛
✻
☛ ✌ ✢
✱
✑ ☛
✻
☛ ✜ ✍ ✢
✦
✍ ✛ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✥ ✎ ✜
✳
✢
✍
✱
✑ ✜ ✒
✱
✍ ✍ ✒
❆
☛ ✗ ✘
⑤ ⑥
✢
✦
✗ ✘ ❸
⑤
✢
✦
✗ ✘ ❹ ✗ ✢
✦
✗ ✘ ❺
✶
✢
✌ ✜ ✥ ✗ ✘ ❻
✸
✢ ✘ ❼ ✌ ☞
❝ ✱
☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✌
❆
✢ ✒ ☞
✱
✍ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✢
✦
✑ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✤ ☛ ✑
❝
☛ ✜ ✍ ✌
✳
☛ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✘
✇ ① ② ③ ❁ ④ ❚
✛ ☛
✻
☛ ✌ ✜ ✤ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✥ ✒
t
✒ ✢
❝
✎ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✜ ✒
t
✍ ✛ ☛
✤ ☛ ✜ ✥
✱
☞
✱ ✻
❽ ❾
❿ ➀
➁ ➁ ➁ ➁➂ ➃ ➄ ➆ ➂ ➃ ➇ ➄ ➂ ➃ ➈ ➂ ➂ ➃ ➉ ➊ ➂ ➃ ➋ ➌ ➍
➇
✓
➎ ➏ ➐ ➎ ➑
➒
➓
✓ ✗ ✘
⑤
✗ ❹ ✢
✓ ✗ ✘
⑤
✗ ✢
❈
✢ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✤ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✥ ✢ ✌ ✑ ☛
✻
☛ ✌ ✢
✱
✑ ☛ ✥ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✢ ✒ ☞
✱
✍ ✎ ✒ ✜
✒
t ✸
✘
✸ ✶
✢
✦
✌ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✎
✻
☛ ✢ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✢ ☛
❝
✒ ✜ ✥ ✥ ☛
❝
✎
✻
✌ ☞
➔
✎ ✍
✎ ✢ ✤ ✑ ✒ ✤ ☛ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✤
✱
✍ ✍ ✛ ✎ ✢
✻
☛ ✌ ✜ ✤ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✥ ✌ ☞ ✢ ✒ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✛ ☛
✢ ☛
❝
✒ ✜ ✥ ✥ ☛
❝
✎
✻
✌ ☞ ✘
❚
✛ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✢ ✎ ✜ ✍ ✛ ☛
✻
☛ ✌ ✢
✱
✑ ☛
✻
☛ ✜ ✍ ✢ ✌ ✑ ☛
✗ ✘
⑤ ⑥
✢
→
✗ ✘
⑤
✗ ✢ ✓
✸
✘
✸ ✶
✢
✗ ✘ ❸
⑤
✢
→
✗ ✘
⑤
✗ ✢ ✓
→ ✸
✘
✸ ⑤
✢
✗ ✘ ❹ ✗ ✢
→
✗ ✘
⑤
✗ ✢ ✓
→ ✸
✘ ✗
✸
✢
✗ ✘ ❺
✶
✢
→
✗ ✘
⑤
✗ ✢ ✓
✸
✘
✸
✙ ✢
✗ ✘ ❻
✸
✢
→
✗ ✘
⑤
✗ ✢ ✓
✸
✘
✶
❻ ✢
➣ ✒ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✛ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✢ ✛ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✢ ✌
✻
☛
✱
✜ ✎ ✍ ✢ ✌ ✢ ✍ ✛ ☛
✉ ✱
✌ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✍
❇
✍ ✒
❆
☛
✻
☛ ✌ ✢
✱
✑ ☛ ✥ ✘
❚
✛ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✛
✻
☛ ✍ ✎
❝ ✻
☛ ✌ ✜ ✒
t
✌ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✌
❆
✢ ✒ ☞
✱
✍ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✢
✭
t
✒ ✑ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✛
✻
☛ ✍ ✎
❝ ✻
☛ ✌ ✜
✦ ✺
☛ ✍ ✌
❅
☛ ✒ ✜ ☞
❇
✍ ✛ ☛
✻
✌
✳
✜ ✎ ✍
✱
✥ ☛ ✢ ✚ ✎ ✢
✔↔
♠✕ ✖ ♥
✓ ↕ ✭
✸
✘
✸ ✶
➙
✸
✘
✸ ⑤
➙
✸
✘ ✗
✸
➙
✸
✘
✸
✙ ➙
✸
✘
✶
❻ ✚ ✢ ➛ ✴ ❸
✓
✸
✘ ❸ ❹ ✢ ✴ ❸
✓
✸
✘
✶ ✶
✢
❚
✛ ✌ ✍
✻
☛ ✌ ✜ ✢
✦
✍ ✛ ☛ ✤ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✥ ✒
t
✒ ✢
❝
✎ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✜ ✒
t
✍ ✛ ☛
✢ ✎
✻
✤ ☞ ☛ ✤ ☛ ✜ ✥
✱
☞
✱ ✻
✎ ✢ ✭ ✗ ✘
⑤
✗ ➜
✸
✘
✶ ✶
✚ ✢ ✎ ✘ ☛ ✘ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✢
❆
☛ ✍
✺
☛ ☛ ✜ ✭ ✗ ✘
⑤
✗ ➙
✸
✘
✶ ✶
✚ ✢ ✌ ✜ ✥ ✭ ✗ ✘
⑤
✗
→ ✸
✘
✶ ✶
✚ ✢ ✒ ✑
❆
☛ ✍
✺
☛ ☛ ✜ ✗ ✘ ❺
⑥
✢ ✌ ✜ ✥ ✗ ✘ ❸
✶
✢ ✘
❈
✢ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✛
✻
☛ ✍ ✎
❝
✻
☛ ✌ ✜ ✒
t
✌ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✌
❆
✢ ✒ ☞
✱
✍ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✢ ✎ ✢
✸
✘
✶ ✶
✢
✦
✍ ✛ ☛ ✑ ☛
✎ ✢ ✌ ☞ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✥
❇
✌ ✜ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✜ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✜ ✍ ✛ ✒
t
✌ ✢ ☛
❝
✒ ✜ ✥ ✘
⑩
☛ ✜
❝
☛ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✎ ✢ ✜ ✒ ✤ ✒ ✎ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✜
✳
✎ ✏ ✎ ✜
✳
✍ ✛ ☛ ✤ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✥ ✍ ✒ ✌
✛
✱
✜ ✥ ✑ ☛ ✥ ✍ ✛ ✘
❈ ✻
✒ ✑ ☛
❝
✒ ✑ ✑ ☛
❝
✍
✺
✌
❇ ✺
✎ ☞ ☞
❆
☛ ✍ ✒
✺
✑ ✎ ✍ ☛
➝ ✓ ✗ ✘
⑤
➜
✸
✘
✶
✢
➣ ✒ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✛ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✢ ✍ ✜
✱ ✻
☛ ✑ ✌ ☞
⑤
✎ ✢
✱
✜ ✑ ☛ ☞ ✎ ✌
❆
☞ ☛
✦
✢ ✎ ✜
❝
☛
✎ ✍
✻
✌
❇ ❆
☛ ✌ ✜
❇
✍ ✛ ✎ ✜
✳ ❆
☛ ✍
✺
☛ ☛ ✜ ❸ ✌ ✜ ✥ ❺ ✘ ❲ ☛ ✎ ✜ ✥ ✎
❝
✌ ✍ ☛
✍ ✛ ✎ ✢
❆ ❇
✢ ✌
❇
✎ ✜
✳
✍ ✛ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✛ ☛
✻
☛ ✌ ✢
✱
✑ ☛
✻
☛ ✜ ✍ ✛ ✌ ✢ ✍
✺
✒
✢ ✎
✳
✜ ✎
t
✎
❝
✌ ✜ ✍
t
✎
✳ ✱
✑ ☛ ✢ ✘
s
✜ ✍ ✛ ✎ ✢
❝
✌ ✢ ☛
✦
✍ ✛ ☛ ✍
✺
✒
✢ ✎
✳
✜ ✎
t
✎
❝
✌ ✜ ✍
t
✎
✳ ✱
✑ ☛ ✢ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✗
✦ ✺
✛ ✎
❝
✛ ✎ ✢ ✑ ☛ ☞ ✎ ✌
❆
☞ ☛ ✌ ✜ ✥
⑤ ✦ ✺
✛ ✎
❝
✛ ✛ ✌ ✢ ✌ ✜ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✌ ✢ ✢ ✒
❝
✎ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✥
✺
✎ ✍ ✛ ✎ ✍ ✘
➞
✒
✱
✺
✎ ☞ ☞ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✜
✻
✒ ✑ ☛ ✌
❆
✒
✱
✍ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✢ ✎
✳
✜ ✎
t
✎
❝
✌ ✜ ✍
t
✎
✳ ✱
✑ ☛ ✢ ✎ ✜
✢ ☛
❝
✍ ✎ ✒ ✜ ✗ ✘ ❺ ✘
➟ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✛ ✎ ✢ ☛ ✣ ✌
✻
✤ ☞ ☛
✦
✍ ✛ ☛ ✑ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✛ ☛
✤ ☛ ✑
❝
☛ ✜ ✍ ✌
✳
☛ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✢
➠ ➡ ➢ ➤ ➢
❬ ❳
❳ ❬ ❬
❞
➥
❨ ➥ ❪
✹ ❶
➦ ➧ ➨ ➧ ➦ ➩ ✯ ➫ ➭ ➯ ✪ ✬ ✫ ➯ ✯ ✪ ✯ ➲ ➳ ★★ ✯ ★➵
s t ✺
☛ ✥ ✒ ✌ ✜ ☛ ✣ ✤ ☛ ✑ ✎
✻
☛ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✜ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✜
✳
✢ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☞
✻
☛ ✌ ✢
✱
✑ ☛
✻
☛ ✜ ✍ ✢
✦ ✺
☛
✻ ✱
✢ ✍
❅
✜ ✒
✺
✛ ✒
✺
✍ ✛ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✢
✎ ✜ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✛ ☛
✻
☛ ✌ ✢
✱
✑ ☛
✻
☛ ✜ ✍ ✢
❝
✒
✻ ❆
✎ ✜ ☛ ✘ ➟ ✒ ✑ ☛ ✣ ✌
✻
✤ ☞ ☛
✦
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✷ ✆
✝
❞ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✡ ✏ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✠ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✞ ✏ ✑
☛ ✌ ✞ ✠ ✕ t ✠ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✖ ✞ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✙ ✞ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✞ ✞ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✞
✒ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✕ ✍ ✞ ✒ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✠ ✎ ✟ ❞ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✠ ✡ ♠ ✞ ✠ ✏ ✍
❞ ✡ ✒ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✏ ✟ ✠ ✚ ✙ ✞ ✒ ✕ ✠ ☛ ✛ ✟ ✏ ✙ ✙ ✌ ✎ ☛ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✞ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✙ ✡ ✔ ✔
t ✞ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✞ ❞ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✠ ✕ t ✠ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✖ ✞ ✗ ❜ ✏ ✒ ✎ ✛ ✞ ✠ ✕ ✖ ✌
✞ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✒ ✎ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✚ ✙ ✞ ✠ ✌ ✏ ✕ ✔ ❞ ✔ ✞ ✎ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✏ ✙ ✞ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✠ ✖ ✏ ✒ t ✡ ✟ ✞
✡ ✟ ✓ ✎ ✍ ✡ ✏ ✕ ✠ ✒ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✒ ✎ ☛ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✐ ✞ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✡ ✏ ✟ ✠ ✗ ✜ ✏ ✍ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✚
✙ ✞ ✕ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✑ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✏ ✙ ✡ ✟ ✇ ✐ ✍ ✏ ✖ ✞ ❞ ✕ ✍ ✞ ✗
✭ ✢ ✣ ❊ ✤ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✢ ✧ ★ ✩ ✥ ✤ ✢ ✪ ✫ ✦ ✦ ✬ ✤ ✬ ✮ ✯ ✬
❙
✕ ✐ ✐ ✏ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✙ ✏ ✐ ✌ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✔
✰
✕ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✞ ✠
❆
✎ ✟ ❞
❇
✌ ✎ ✓ ✞
✒ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✕ ✍ ✞ ❞ ✓ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✞ ✠
❆ ✱ ✲ ❆
✚
❇ ✱ ✲❇
✍ ✞ ✠ ✐ ✞ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✓ ✞ ✔ ☞
✙ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✞
✲ ❆
✎ ✟ ❞
✲❇
✎ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✎ t ✠ ✏ ✔ ✕ ☛ ✞ ✞ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✠ ✗
♦
✞
✙ ✡ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✟ ❞ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✞ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✍
✲ ❩
✡ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✠ ✕ ✒
❩ ❂ ❆ ✳ ❇
✗
♦
✞ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✞ t ☞ ✎ ❞ ❞ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✏ ✟ ✚
❩
➧
✲ ❩
❂
✴
❆
✵
✲ ❆
✶
✳
✴
❇ ✱ ✲❇
✶ ✗
❜ ✌ ✞ ✒ ✎ ❚ ✡ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✐ ✏ ✠ ✠ ✡ t ✔ ✞ ✞ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✡ ✟
❩
✲❩
✸
✲ ❆ ✳ ✲❇
✜ ✏ ✍ ☛ ✌ ✞ ❞ ✡ ✑ ✑ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✟ ✖ ✞
❩ ❂ ❆
➊
❇
✚ ✙ ✞ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✞
                    ❩ ✱ ✲ ❩ ✹   ✺❆ ✱ ✲ ❆
✶
 – 
✴
❇ ✱ ✲❇
✶
                                = (❆
➊
❇ ) ± ✲ ❆ ✱ ✲❇
or, ✱ ✲ ❩ ✹   ✱ ✲ ❆ ✱ ✲❇
❜ ✌ ✞ ✒ ✎ ❚ ✡ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✞ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✞ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✍
✲ ❩
✡ ✠ ✎ ✇ ✎ ✡ ✟
✲ ❆ ✳ ✲❇
✗
❍ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✻ ✾✿ ✻ ❀ ❁ ❃ ✻ ❄ ❲ ✿ ✻ ✼ ✾ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❁ ❋ ✼ ✾ ● ✾● ✻ ■ ❋ ❀ ✻
❋ ❛ ❛ ✻ ❛ ❈ ❀ ■ ❁ ❏ ✾ ❀ ❋ ✽ ✾✻ ❛ ❑ ✾✿ ✻ ❋ ❏ ■ ❈ ❃ ❁ ✾ ✻ ✻ ❀❀ ❈ ❀ ● ✼ ✾ ✿ ✻
❢ ● ✼ ❋ ❃ ❀✻ ■ ❁ ❃ ✾ ● ■ ✾✿ ✻ ■ ❁ ▲ ❈ ❢ ✾✿ ✻ ❋ ❏ ■ ❈ ❃ ❁ ✾✻ ✻ ❀❀❈ ❀■
● ✼ ✾✿ ✻ ● ✼ ❛ ● ▼ ● ❛ ❁ ❋ ❃ ❉ ❁ ❋ ✼ ✾ ● ✾● ✻ ■ ◆
❊
❖
✢ ✩
◗ ❘
✬
❯ ❱ ❳
❜ ✌ ✞ ☛ ✞ ✒ ✐ ✞ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✕ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✙ ✏
t ✏ ❞ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✒ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✕ ✍ ✞ ❞ t ☞ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✞ ☛ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✞
❨
❬
❂
❭ ❪
❫
❴
✱
❪ ✗ ❵
❫
❴ ✎ ✟ ❞ ❨
❝
❂
❵ ❪
❫
❴
✱
❪ ✗ ❵
❫
❴✗
❴✎ ✔ ✖ ✕ ✔ ✎ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✌ ✞ ☛ ✞ ✒ ✐ ✞ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✕ ✍ ✞ ❞ ✡ ✑ ✑ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✟ ✖ ✞ ✎ ✟ ❞
☛ ✌ ✞ ✞ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✍ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✡ ✟ ✗
❡ ✮ ✧ ❣ ✬ ✤ ❨ ❤
❂
❨
❝
➊ ❨
❬
❂
✴ ❵ ❪
❫
❴
✱
❪ ✗ ❵
❫
❴ ✶ ➊ ✴ ❭ ❪
❫
❴
✱
❪ ✗ ❵
❫
❴ ✶
❨ ❤
❂ ❥
❪
❫
❴
✱ ❦
❫
❴
❧
♥ ❏ ♣ q ❀❀❈ ❀ ❈ ❢ ❋ r ❀❈ ❛ ❁ ✽ ✾ ❈ ❀ ❋ ❉ ❁ ❈ ✾● ✻ ✼ ✾
❙
✕ ✐ ✐ ✏ ✠ ✞
❩ ❂ ❆ ❇
✎ ✟ ❞ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✒ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✕ ✍ ✞ ❞ ✓ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✞ ✠ ✏ ✑
❆
✎ ✟ ❞
❇
✎ ✍ ✞
❆ ✱ ✲ ❆
✎ ✟ ❞
❇ ✱ ✲❇
✗ ❜ ✌ ✞ ✟
❩ ✱ ✲ ❩ ❂
✴
❆ ✱ ✲ ❆
✶ ✴
❇ ✱ ✲❇
✶
❂ ❆ ❇ ✱ ❇ ✲ ❆ ✱ ❆ ✲❇ ✱ ✲ ❆ ✲❇
✗
s ✡ ✓ ✡ ❞ ✡ ✟ ✇ ✉ ✈
❙
t ☞
❩
✎ ✟ ❞ ① ✈
❙
t ☞
❆ ❇
✙ ✞ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✞ ✚
❦ ✱
✴
✲ ❩
②
❩
✶
❂ ❦ ✱
✴
✲ ❆
③
❆
✶
✱
✴
✲❇
③
❇
✶
✱
✴
✲ ❆
③
❆
✶ ✴
✲❇
③
❇
✶ ✗
❙
✡ ✟ ✖ ✞
✲ ❆
✎ ✟ ❞
✲❇
✎ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✚ ✙ ✞ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✡ ✇ ✟ ✏ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✡ ✍
✐ ✍ ✏ ❞ ✕ ✖ ☛ ✗
✈ ✞ ✟ ✖ ✞ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✒ ✎ ❚ ✡ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✞ ✔ ✎ ☛ ✡ ✓ ✞ ✞ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✍
✲ ❩
③
❩ ❂
✴
✲
④ ③ ④ ✶
✳
✴
✲
⑤ ③ ⑤✶ ✗
⑥
✏ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✔ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✑ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✎ ☛ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✍ ✕ ✞ ✑ ✏ ✍ ❞ ✡ ✓ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✏ ✟
✎ ✔ ✠ ✏ ✗
❍ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✻ ✾✿ ✻ ❀ ❁ ❃ ✻ ❄ ❲ ✿ ✻ ✼ ✾ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❁ ❋ ✼ ✾ ● ✾● ✻ ■ ❋ ❀ ✻
▲ ❁ ❃ ✾ ● r ❃ ● ✻ ❛ ❈ ❀ ❛ ● ▼ ● ❛ ✻ ❛ ❑ ✾✿ ✻ ❀✻ ❃ ❋ ✾ ● ▼ ✻ ✻ ❀ ❀ ❈ ❀ ● ✼ ✾✿ ✻
❀✻ ■ ❁ ❃ ✾ ● ■ ✾✿ ✻ ■ ❁ ▲ ❈ ❢ ✾✿ ✻ ❀✻ ❃ ❋ ✾● ▼ ✻ ✻ ❀ ❀❈ ❀■ ● ✼ ✾✿ ✻
▲ ❁ ❃ ✾● r ❃ ● ✻ ❀■ ◆
⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❶ ❷ ⑧ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❸ ❽ ❺ ❾ ❿❺ ❶ ❺ ➀➁ ❾ ❿ ⑧ ➂ ❻ ❶⑩ ➀ ❺ ➃
➄ ➅ ➆ ➇ ➆ ➈ ➆ ➉ ➋ ➌ ➍ ➎ ➌ ➏ ➇ ➐ ➑ ➈ ➒ ➆ ➇ ➇ ➅ ➐ ➏ ➏ ➇ ➆ ➓➌ ➒ ➔➑ ➎ → ➐ ➓➅ ➇
➏ ➆ ➔
➣ ↔
➎➇
↕
➅ ➆ ➇ ➐
➙
➐ ➇ ➐ ➏ ➈ ➑ ➇ ➆ ➏ ➇
➛
➆ ➐ ➓➅ ➇
➜
➐ ➈ ➌
➝ ➞ ➛
➆
↕
➆
➟
➐ ➓
➟
➆ ➓
➜
➐ ➈ ➌ ➐ ➈ ➔ ➑ ➎
➛ ➠
➑
➡
➔ ➒ ➑
➛
➑ ➈ ➇ ➅ ➌
➢ ➜
➆
➠ ➤ ➢
➑ ➆
➛ ➥ ➦
➄ ➌
➜ ➜
➒ ➈ ➑ ➇ ➇ ➑ ➑
➥
➐
➙ ➙
➐
➠
➎
➜
➇ ➆ ➓➆ ➐ ➈
➦
➨ ➑ ➎ → ➐ ➓➅ ➇ ➇ ➆
➤
➌ ➆
➇ ➅
➛
➌ ➆
➥
➒
➡ ➜
➆
➠
➌ ➐ ➇ ➆
➜
➑ ➈ ➓ ➇ ➅ ➌
➜
➐ ➈ ➌ ➒ ➑
➡
➌ ➈ ➎
➡
➇ ➅ ➌
➇ ➅
➛
➌ ➆
➥
➒ ➆ ➈
➥
→ ➌ ➆ ➏ ➎
➛
➌ ➐ ➇ ➏
➜
➌ ➈ ➓ ➇ ➅
➦
➩ ➑
↕
➐ → ➆ ➓ ➐ ➈ ➌ ➇ ➅ ➆ ➇ ➔➑ ➎
↕
➆ ➈ ➇ ➇ ➑ → ➌ ➆ ➏ ➎
➛
➌ ➇ ➅ ➌
➜
➌ ➈ ➓ ➇ ➅ ➑
➙
➆ ➈ ➆ ➇ ➐ ➑ ➈ ➆
➜
➅ ➐ ➓➅
↕
➆ ➔ ➒ ➆
➛
➐ ➋ ➌
➛
➒ ➇ ➅ ➌
➛
➆ ➐
➜ ↕
➆ ➔
➇
➛
➆
➠ ➤ ➢
➌ ➇
↕
➌ ➌ ➈ ➇
↕
➑ ➏ ➇ ➆ ➇ ➐ ➑ ➈ ➏ ➒ ➑
➛
➇ ➅ ➌
➢
➑ ➎➈
➥
➆
➛
➔
➢
➌ ➇
↕
➌ ➌ ➈ ➇
↕
➑ ➏ ➇ ➆ ➇ ➌ ➏ ➑
➛
➇
↕
➑ ➈ ➆ ➇ ➐ ➑ ➈ ➏
➦
➫
➙
➔➑ ➎ ➇ ➆
➤
➌
➆ ➏ ➇
➛
➐ ➈ ➓ ➑
➙ ➜
➌ ➈ ➓ ➇ ➅
➭
→ ➌ ➇
➛
➌ ➑
➛ ➭ ➯ ➯
→ ➌ ➇
➛
➌ ➒
➤
➌ ➌
➡
➐ ➇
➆
➜
➑ ➈ ➓ ➇ ➅ ➌
➜
➐ ➈ ➌ ➒ ➏ ➅ ➐
➙
➇ ➐ ➇ ➏
➡
➑ ➏ ➐ ➇ ➐ ➑ ➈ ➌ ➋ ➌
➛
➔ ➇ ➐ → ➌ ➒ ➇ ➅ ➌
➆
➛
➐ ➇ ➅ → ➌ ➇ ➐
➠
➑
➙
→ ➆ ➈ ➲ ➅ ➑ ➎
➛
➏ ➑
➙ ➜
➆
➢
➑ ➎
➛
➆ ➈
➥
➌ ➳
➡
➌ ➈ ➏ ➌ ➏
➑ ➈ ➇ ➅ ➌
➡ ➛
➑
➵
➌
➠
➇ ➐ ➏ ➈ ➑ ➇
➠
➑ → → ➌ ➈ ➏ ➎
➛
➆ ➇ ➌
↕
➐ ➇ ➅ ➇ ➅ ➌
➑ ➎ ➇
➠
➑ → ➌
➦ ➸
➑
➛
➌ ➑ ➋ ➌
➛
➒ ➌
➛ ➛
➑
➛
➏ ➆
➛
➌
➢
➑ ➎➈
➥
➇ ➑ ➑
➠ ➠
➎
➛
➐ ➈ ➇ ➅ ➐ ➏ ➌ ➈ ➑
➛
→ ➑ ➎ ➏ ➇ ➆ ➏
➤ ➦
➺ ➅ ➌
➛
➌ ➐ ➏ ➆ ➈ ➐ ➈ ➇ ➌
➛
➌ ➏ ➇ ➐ ➈ ➓
➙
➆
➠
➇ ➆
➢
➑ ➎➇ ➇ ➅ ➐ ➏
➦
➻
➛
➆ ➈
➠
➌ ➆ ➈
➥ ↔
➌
➜
➓ ➐ ➎→ ➏ ➅ ➆
➛
➌ ➆
➠
➑ → → ➑ ➈ ➐ ➈ ➇ ➌
➛
➈ ➆ ➇ ➐ ➑ ➈ ➆
➜ ➢
➑ ➎➈
➥
➆
➛
➔ ➒
↕
➅ ➑ ➏ ➌
➜
➌ ➈ ➓ ➇ ➅
→ ➌ ➈ ➇ ➐ ➑ ➈ ➌
➥
➐ ➈ ➇ ➅ ➌ ➑
➙ ➙
➐
➠
➐ ➆
➜ ➥
➑
➠
➎→ ➌ ➈ ➇ ➏ ➑
➙
➇ ➅ ➌ ➇
↕
➑
➠
➑ ➎➈ ➇
➛
➐ ➌ ➏
➥
➐
➙ ➙
➌
➛
➏ ➏ ➎
➢
➏ ➇ ➆ ➈ ➇ ➐ ➆
➜ ➜
➔
➣
➼
➑ ➑ ➈ ➌ ➏ ➇ ➌
➡ ➢
➌ ➔ ➑ ➈
➥
➆ ➈
➥
➐ → ➆ ➓ ➐ ➈ ➌ ➇ ➅ ➌
➠
➑ ➆ ➏ ➇
➜
➐ ➈ ➌
↕
➅ ➌
➛
➌
➜
➆ ➈
➥
→ ➌ ➌ ➇ ➏ ➏ ➌ ➆
➦
➽ ➑ ➆
➥
➏ ➆ ➈
➥ ➛
➐ ➋ ➌
➛
➏
➅ ➆ ➋ ➌
➙
➆ ➐
➛ ➜
➔ → ➐
➜ ➥ ➢
➌ ➈
➥
➏ ➆ ➏
➠
➑ →
➡
➆
➛
➌
➥
➇ ➑ ➆
➠
➑ ➆ ➏ ➇
➜
➐ ➈ ➌
➦ ➾
➋ ➌ ➈ ➏ ➑ ➒ ➆
➜ ➜ ➥
➑
➠
➎→ ➌ ➈ ➇ ➏ ➒ ➐ ➈
➠ ➜
➎
➥
➐ ➈ ➓ ➑ ➎
➛
➏
➠
➅ ➑ ➑
➜ ➢
➑ ➑
➤
➏ ➒
➠
➑ ➈ ➇ ➆ ➐ ➈ ➐ ➈
➙
➑
➛
→ ➆ ➇ ➐ ➑ ➈ ➑ ➈ ➇ ➅ ➌
➜
➌ ➈ ➓ ➇ ➅
➑
➙
➇ ➅ ➌
➠
➑ ➆ ➏ ➇
➜
➐ ➈ ➌ ➑
➙ ➼
➎
➵
➆
➛
➆ ➇ ➑
➛
➚➈
➥
➅
➛
➆ ➪
➛
➆
➥
➌ ➏ ➅ ➒
➑
➛
➇ ➅ ➌
➠
➑ → → ➑ ➈
➢
➑ ➎ ➈
➥
➆
➛
➔
➢
➌ ➇
↕
➌ ➌ ➈ ➇
↕
➑ ➏ ➇ ➆ ➇ ➌ ➏ ➒
➌ ➇
➠ ➦
➽ ➆ ➐
➜ ↕
➆ ➔ ➇ ➐
➠ ➤
➌ ➇ ➏
➠
➑ → ➌
↕
➐ ➇ ➅ ➇ ➅ ➌
➥
➐ ➏ ➇ ➆ ➈
➠
➌
➢
➌ ➇
↕
➌ ➌ ➈ ➏ ➇ ➆ ➇ ➐ ➑ ➈ ➏
➡ ➛
➐ ➈ ➇ ➌
➥
➑ ➈ ➇ ➅ ➌ →
➦
➄ ➌ ➅ ➆ ➋ ➌
➶
→ ➐
➜
➌ ➏ ➇ ➑ ➈ ➌ ➏
➹
➆
➜ ➜
➆
➜
➑ ➈ ➓ ➇ ➅ ➌
➛
➑ ➆
➥
➏ ➐ ➈
➥
➐
➠
➆ ➇ ➐ ➈ ➓ ➇ ➅ ➌
➥
➐ ➏ ➇ ➆ ➈
➠
➌ ➏ ➇ ➑ ➋ ➆
➛
➐ ➑ ➎ ➏ ➇ ➑
↕
➈ ➏
➦
➘ ➑ ➒ ➅ ➑
↕
➐ ➏ ➐ ➇
➥
➑ ➈ ➌
➝
➴ ➈ ➌ ➅ ➆ ➏ ➇ ➑
➥
➌
➠
➐
➥
➌ ➅ ➑
↕
→ ➎
➠
➅ ➌
➛ ➛
➑
➛
➑ ➈ ➌
➠
➆ ➈
➇ ➑
➜
➌
➛
➆ ➇ ➌ ➆ ➈
➥
➑
➡
➇ ➐ → ➐ ➏ ➌
➠
➑ ➏ ➇ ➲ ➌
➙ ➙
➌
➠
➇ ➐ ➋ ➌ ➈ ➌ ➏ ➏
➦
➫
➙
➔➑ ➎
↕
➆ ➈ ➇ ➏ → ➆
➜ ➜
➌
➛
➌
➛ ➛
➑
➛
➏ ➒ ➐ ➇
↕
➐
➜ ➜
➐ ➈ ➋ ➑
➜
➋ ➌ ➅ ➐ ➓ ➅
➇ ➌
➠
➅ ➈ ➑
➜
➑ ➓➔ ➆ ➈
➥
➅ ➐ ➓➅
➠
➑ ➏ ➇ ➏
➦
➘ ➎
➙ ➙
➐
➠
➌ ➐ ➇ ➇ ➑ ➏ ➆ ➔ ➇ ➅ ➆ ➇
➐ ➇
➛
➌ ➍ ➎➐
➛
➌ ➏
➙
➆ ➐
➛ ➜
➔ ➆
➥
➋ ➆ ➈
➠
➌
➥ ➜
➌ ➋ ➌
➜
➑
➙ ➡
➅ ➔➏ ➐
➠
➏ ➒
→ ➆ ➇ ➅ ➌ → ➆ ➇ ➐
➠
➏ ➒ ➌ ➈ ➓ ➐ ➈ ➌ ➌
➛
➐ ➈ ➓ ➆ ➈
➥
➇ ➌
➠
➅ ➈ ➑
➜
➑ ➓ ➔
➦
➫➇
➢
➌
➜
➑ ➈ ➓➏ ➇ ➑ ➇ ➅ ➌ ➆
➛
➌ ➆ ➏ ➑
➙ ➙ ➛
➆
➠
➇ ➆
➜
➏ ➒
↕
➅ ➐
➠
➅ ➅ ➆ ➏
➜
➆ ➇ ➌
➜
➔
➢
➌
➠
➑ → ➌
➡
➑
➡
➎
➜
➆
➛
➐ ➈ ➇ ➅ ➌ ➑
➛
➌ ➇ ➐
➠
➆
➜ ➡
➅ ➔➏ ➐
➠
➏
➦ ➾
➋ ➌ ➈
➇ ➅ ➌ ➈ ➑ ➈ ➌
➥
➑ ➌ ➏ ➈
➹
➇
➤
➈ ➑
↕
➅ ➑
↕
→ ➎
➠
➅ ➇ ➑
➛
➌
➜
➔ ➑ ➈
➇ ➅ ➌
➙
➐ ➓ ➎
➛
➌ ➇ ➅ ➆ ➇
➡ ➛
➑
➡
➏ ➎
➡
➒ ➆ ➏ ➐ ➏
➠ ➜
➌ ➆
➛ ➙ ➛
➑ → ➇ ➅ ➌
➏ ➇ ➑
➛
➔ ➑
➙
➻
➛
➆ ➈
➠
➌ ➆ ➈
➥ ↔
➌
➜
➓ ➐ ➎→
➦
➫➈
➠
➐
➥
➌ ➈ ➇ ➆
➜ ➜
➔ ➒ ➇ ➅ ➐ ➏
➏ ➇ ➑
➛
➔ ➑
➙
➇ ➅ ➌ ➻
➛
➆ ➈
➠
➌ ➲
↔
➌
➜
➓ ➐ ➎ →
➥
➐ ➏
➠ ➛
➌
➡
➆ ➈
➠
➔
➆
➡ ➡
➌ ➆
➛
➏ ➑ ➈ ➇ ➅ ➌
➙
➐
➛
➏ ➇
➡
➆ ➓➌ ➑
➙
➆ ➈ ➆
➥
➋ ➆ ➈
➠
➌
➥
➪ ➅ ➔➏ ➐
➠
➏
➢
➑ ➑
➤
➑ ➈ ➇ ➅ ➌ ➏ ➎
➢ ➵
➌
➠
➇ ➑
➙ ➙ ➛
➆
➠
➇ ➆
➜
➏ ➆ ➈
➥ ➠
➅ ➆ ➑ ➏
➣
❯   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎   ✆ ✝ ✞ ☎ ✄ ❯ ✟ ✞ ✝ ✞   ✂ ✷ ✠
✡
✡
✡
✡
❊ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✕ ❘ ✢ ❱ ✣ ✤ ✇ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕
❱ ✢ ✦ ✧ ★ ★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✚ ✛ ✭ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ★ ❂ ✮ ✫ ✯ ❂ ✰ ✘ ✛ ✭ ✙ ✔ ✕
♣ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✕ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✱ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✲ ✖ ✘ ✛ ❘ ❂
❆ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✏ ✶ ✥ ✔ ✕ ♣ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✕ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✱ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✲ ✖ ✘ ✛ ❱ ✘ ✗ ✪ ✐ ✚ ✛ ✭ ✘ ✛
✤ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✗ ✮ ✐ ❂ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✙ ✲ ✙ ✚ ✸ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✲ ✖ ✘ ✛ ❘ ✇ ✲ ✹ ✸ ✭ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✺ ✲ ✖ ✕
❜ ✕ ✪ ✐ ✻ ✮ ✐ ✢ ✼ ✐ ❂ ✽
❊ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✾ ✿ ✥ ✇ ✲ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✲ ✖ ✗ ✲ ✺ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✗
❘
❀
✢ ✧ ★ ★ ✩ ❁ ✲ ✔ ❃ ✚ ✛ ✭ ❘
❄
✢ ✮ ★ ★ ✩ ❅ ✲ ✔ ❃ ✚ ✖ ✕
✜ ✲ ✛ ✛ ✕ ✜ ✙ ✕ ✭ ✦ ✚ ✫ ✘ ✛ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✕ ✗ ❝ ✦ ❜ ✫ ✘ ✛ ♣ ✚ ✖ ✚ ✸ ✸ ✕ ✸ ❂ ✰ ✘ ✛ ✭
✙ ✔ ✕ ✕ t ✹ ✘ ❇ ✚ ✸ ✕ ✛ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✲ ✺ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✦ ✚ ✫ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✕ ✗
✜ ✲ ❃ ❜ ✘ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✲ ✛ ❝ ✦ ❜ ✫ ♣ ✚ ✖ ✚ ✸ ✸ ✕ ✸ ✜ ✲ ❃ ❜ ✘ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✲ ✛ ❂ ❈ ✗ ✕
✺ ✲ ✖ ✦ ✚ ✫ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✸ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✲ ✛ ❘ ❉ ❘
❀
❋ ❘
❄ ●
✚ ✛ ✭ ✺ ✲ ✖ ✦ ❜ ✫
✧ ✧ ✧
❍ ■
❏
❑ ▲
❘ ❘ ❘
✚ ✛ ✭
▼ ◆
◆ ◆ ◆
▼ ◆
❖ ❖❖
❖ ❖ ❖
P PP
◗
❙ ❚
◗
❂
❆ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✏ ✶ ✦ ✚ ✫ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✕ t ✹ ✘ ❇ ✚ ✸ ✕ ✛ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✲ ✺ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✕ ✗
✜ ✲ ❃ ❜ ✘ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✲ ✛
❘ ❉ ❘
❀
❋ ❘
❄
✢ ✦ ✧ ★ ★ ✩ ❁ ✫ ✲ ✔ ❃ ✻ ✦ ✮ ★ ★ ✩ ❅ ✫ ✲ ✔ ❃
✢ ❁ ★ ★ ✩ ✼ ✲ ✔ ❃ ❂
✦ ❜ ✫ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✕ t ✹ ✘ ❇ ✚ ✸ ✕ ✛ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✲ ✺ ♣ ✚ ✖ ✚ ✸ ✸ ✕ ✸
✜ ✲ ❃ ❜ ✘ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✲ ✛
❲ ❳
❲ ❳
❨ ❩ ❩
❬
❭ ❭
❭
❭ ❭
❪
❫ ❫
❴
✢ ❵ ❵ ❂ ✼ ✲ ✔ ❃
✥ ✔ ✕ ✛ ❝ ✺ ✖ ✲ ❃
❛ ❞
❡ ❡ ❡
❢ ❢ ❢
❣ ❤
❥
✇ ✕ ✱ ✕ ✙ ❝
❛ ❞
❞ ❞ ❞
❛ ❞
❢ ❢❢
❢ ❢ ❢
❥
❦ ❦❦
❣ ❤
❥
❧ ♠ ❧ ♠
❳ ❳
❲ ❳
❳ ❳
❲ ❳
❭ ❭
❭ ❭ ❭
❭ ❭
♥ ♥
❪ ❪ ❪
♥
❫ ❴
♦ ♦
q q r s q q r s
✉ ✈
① ② ② ③ ② ②
④ ⑤ ④ ⑤
⑥ ⑦
⑧ ⑨ ⑧ ⑨
⑩ ❶ ⑩ ❶
✢ ✧ ❂
❷
✥ ✔ ✕ ✛ ❝
❸ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❹ ❼ ❽ ❾ ❿➀
➁
➂ ➃
✦
➄
✕ ✖ ✕ ❝
➅➆
✘ ✗ ✕
➇
♣ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✭ ✚ ✗ ✧ ❂
❷
✘ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✭ ✲ ✺ ✮ ✙ ✲
➈
✕ ✕ ♣ ✘ ✛ ✜ ✲ ✛ ✺ ✘ ✖ ❃ ✘ ✙
➉
✇ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✹ ✸ ✕ ✗ ✲ ✺ ✗ ✘ ✱ ✛ ✘ ✺ ✘ ✜ ✚ ✛ ✙
✺ ✘ ✱ ✹ ✖ ✕ ✗ ❂ ✫
✽
➊ ➋ ➌ ➍ ➎ ➎ ➏ ➎ ➐ ➑ ➋ ➒ ➓ ➔ ➏ → ➒ ➣ ➔ ➒ ➓ ↔ ➎ ➔ ↕ ➙ ↔ ➒ ➑ ➛ ➐ ➛ ➜
➎➒ ➐ ➓ ➔ ↕ ➛➏ ➒ ➝ ➏ ➞ ➔ ➎
➟ ✹ ♣ ♣ ✲ ✗ ✕ ➠ ✢ ➡
➢
❝
✥ ✔ ✕ ✛ ❝
➅
➠
➤
➠ ✢ ✦
➅
➡
➤
➡ ✫ ✻ ✦
➅
➡
➤
➡ ✫ ✢ ✮ ✦
➅
➡
➤
➡ ✫ ❂
➄
✕ ✛ ✜ ✕ ❝ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✸ ✚ ✙ ✘ ❇ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✲ ✖ ✘ ✛ ➡
➢
✘ ✗ ✙ ✇ ✲ ✙ ✘ ❃ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✔ ✕
✕ ✖ ✖ ✲ ✖ ✘ ✛ ➡ ❂
➥ ✛ ✱ ✕ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✸ ❝ ✘ ✺ ➠ ✢ ➡
➦
➧
➨
✣ ➩
➫
✥ ✔ ✕ ✛ ❝
➅
➠
➤
➠ ✢
➭
✦
➅
➡
➤
➡ ✫ ✻
➯
✦
➅
➧ ✣ ➧ ✫ ✻
➲
✦
➅
➩
➤
➩ ✫ ❂
➳ ➔ ➑ ➋ ➔ ➛➵ ➔ ➎↔ ➸ ➔ ➺ ➻ ➵ ➔ ➎ ➔ ➸ ➒ ➛ ➐ ➼ ➔ ➔ ➎ ➎ ➏ ➎ ➐ ➑ ➒
➝ ➵ ➜ ➓ ➐ ➋ ➒ ➸ ➙ ↔ ➒ ➑ ➛➐ ➛➜ ➎ ➒ ➐ ➓ ➔ ↕ ➛ ➏ ➛ ➵ ➔ ➝ ➏ ➞ ➔ ➎ ➽ ➐ ➓ ➛ ➵ ➔
➽ ➛ ➐ ➣ ➔ ➓ ➛ ➵ ➔ ➎➔ ➸ ➒ ➛➐ ➼ ➔ ➔ ➎➎➏ ➎ ➐ ➑ ➛ ➵ ➔ ➐ ➑ ↕ ➐ ➼ ➐ ↕ ↔ ➒ ➸
➙ ↔ ➒ ➑ ➛➐ ➛➜ ➾
❊ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✾ ✾ ✰ ✘ ✛ ✭ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✸ ✚ ✙ ✘ ❇ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✲ ✖ ✘ ✛
➠ ❝ ✘ ✺ ➠ ✢ ➡
➚
➧
➪ ➶ ➹
✣ ➩
➘
➹ ➶
➢
❂
❆ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✏ ✶ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✸ ✚ ✙ ✘ ❇ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✲ ✖ ✘ ✛ ➠ ✘ ✗
➅
➠
➤
➠ ✢
❅ ✦
➅
➡
➤
➡ ✫ ✻ ✦ ✧
➤
❁ ✫ ✦
➅
➧ ✣ ➧ ✫ ✻ ✦
➅
➩
➤
➩ ✫ ✻ ✦ ❁
➤
✮ ✫ ✦
➅
➴
➤ ➘
✫ ❂
✽
❊ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✾ ✑ ✥ ✔ ✕ ♣ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✲ ✭ ✲ ✺ ✲ ✗ ✜ ✘ ✸ ✸ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✲ ✛ ✲ ✺
✚ ✗ ✘ ❃ ♣ ✸ ✕ ♣ ✕ ✛ ✭ ✹ ✸ ✹ ❃ ✘ ✗
➷ ➬ ➮ ➱ ✃❐ ❒ ❮
❰ ✕ ✚ ✗ ✹ ✖ ✕ ✭ ❇ ✚ ✸ ✹ ✕ ✲ ✺ Ï ✘ ✗ ✮ ★ ❂ ★ ✜ ❃
➈
✛ ✲ ✇ ✛ ✙ ✲ ✧
❃ ❃ ✚ ✜ ✜ ✹ ✖ ✚ ✜
➉
✚ ✛ ✭ ✙ ✘ ❃ ✕ ✺ ✲ ✖ ✧ ★ ★ ✲ ✗ ✜ ✘ ✸ ✸ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✲ ✛ ✗
✲ ✺ ✙ ✔ ✕ ♣ ✕ ✛ ✭ ✹ ✸ ✹ ❃ ✘ ✗ ✺ ✲ ✹ ✛ ✭ ✙ ✲ ❜ ✕ Ð ★ ✗ ✹ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✱
✚ ✇ ✖ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✇ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✔ ✲ ✺ ✧ ✗ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✲ ✸ ✹ ✙ ✘ ✲ ✛ ❂ Ñ ✔ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✔ ✕
✚ ✜ ✜ ✹ ✖ ✚ ✜
➉
✘ ✛ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✭ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✖ ❃ ✘ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✲ ✛ ✲ ✺ Ò Ó
❆ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✏ ✶ Ò ✢ ❅ Ô
❄
Ï
➤
Õ
❄
➄
✕ ✖ ✕ ❝ Õ ✢
Ö
×
✚ ✛ ✭
Ö
Ø
×
Ù
Ù ➂
❂ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✺ ✲ ✖ ✕ ❝
Ø
Ö
Ø
Ö
Ù Ù
➂
❂
✥ ✔ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✲ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✛ ❜ ✲ ✙ ✔ Ï ✚ ✛ ✭ Ú ✚ ✖ ✕ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✸ ✕ ✚ ✗ ✙ ✜ ✲ ✹ ✛ ✙
✕ ✖ ✖ ✲ ✖ ✗ ❂ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✺ ✲ ✖ ✕ ❝
✦
➅
Ò ✣ Ò ✫ ✢ ✦
➅
Ï ✣ Ï ✫ ✻ ✮ ✦
➅
Õ ✣ Õ ✫
✢
❩ Û Ü Ü
❨ ❩ Û ❩
❬
❨
❨ ❩ Û ❩
Ý
❩
Þ ß
❴ ❫
à á
â ã
✥ ✔ ✹ ✗ ❝ ✙ ✔ ✕ ♣ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✕ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✱ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✲ ✖ ✘ ✛ Ò ✘ ✗
✧ ★ ★ ✦
➅
Ò ✣ Ò ✫ ✢ ✧ ★ ★ ✦
➅
Ï ✣ Ï ✫ ✻ ✮ ä ✧ ★ ★ ✦
➅
Õ ✣ Õ ✫
✢ ❁ ✐ ✽
å ➾ æ ç è é êè ë è ìí ê ➻ ë è é îï ➍ ç
✯ ✗ ✭ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✹ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✭ ✚ ❜ ✲ ❇ ✕ ❝ ✕ ❇ ✕ ✖
➉
❃ ✕ ✚ ✗ ✹ ✖ ✕ ❃ ✕ ✛ ✙
✘ ✛ ❇ ✲ ✸ ❇ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✲ ✖ ✗ ❂ ✥ ✔ ✹ ✗ ❝ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✹ ✸ ✙ ✲ ✺
❃ ✕ ✚ ✗ ✹ ✖ ✕ ❃ ✕ ✛ ✙ ✗ ✔ ✲ ✹ ✸ ✭ ❜ ✕ ✖ ✕ ♣ ✲ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✭ ✘ ✛ ✚ ✇ ✚
➉
✙ ✔ ✚ ✙
✘ ✛ ✭ ✘ ✜ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✔ ✕ ♣ ✖ ✕ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✲ ✛ ✲ ✺ ❃ ✕ ✚ ✗ ✹ ✖ ✕ ❃ ✕ ✛ ✙ ❂
ð ✲ ✖ ❃ ✚ ✸ ✸
➉
❝ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ♣ ✲ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✭ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✹ ✸ ✙ ✲ ✺ ❃ ✕ ✚ ✗ ✹ ✖ ✕ ❃ ✕ ✛ ✙
✘ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✹ ❃ ❜ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✔ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✛ ✜ ✸ ✹ ✭ ✕ ✗ ✚ ✸ ✸ ✭ ✘ ✱ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✙ ✔ ✕
✛ ✹ ❃ ❜ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✔ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✖ ✕
➈
✛ ✲ ✇ ✛ ✖ ✕ ✸ ✘ ✚ ❜ ✸
➉
♣ ✸ ✹ ✗ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✺ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✙
✭ ✘ ✱ ✘ ✙ ✙ ✔ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✗ ✹ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✘ ✛ ❂ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✸ ✘ ✚ ❜ ✸ ✕ ✭ ✘ ✱ ✘ ✙ ✗ ♣ ✸ ✹ ✗
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✷ ✆
t ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✡ t ✎ ✠ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✑ ✠ t ✎ ✡ ✞ ✒ ✌ ✓ ✔ ✌ ✎ ☛
s ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✛ ❞ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✛s ✓ ✡ s ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✛ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✢✣ s ✳ ✤ ✟ ✔ ✞
☛ ✎ ✥ t ✝ ✞ ✦ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✟ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✧ ✧ ✎ t ✠ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✟ ✎ ☛ ✠ ★ ✦ ✧ ✞
✦ ✞ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✧ ☞ ★ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✳ ✩ ✪ ☛ ✫ t ✝ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✑ ✠ t ☛ ♣ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✩ ✎ ✡ ✞
✡ ✞ ✧ ✠ ✎ r ✧ ✞ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✡ t ✎ ✠ ✌ ✫ ✔ ✝ ✠ ✧ ✞ t ✝ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✑ ✠ t ✪ ✠ ☛
☞ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✡ t ✎ ✠ ✌ ✳ ✉ ✝ ☞ ☛ ✫ t ✝ ✞ ★ ✞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✞ ✏ ✬ ✎ ✧ ☞ ✞ ✝ ✎ ☛ t ✝ ✡ ✞ ✞
☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✳ ✉ ✝ ✞ ✧ ✞ ✌ ✑ t ✝ ✓ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✓ r ✭ ✞ ✍ t
✡ ✞ ✦ ✓ ✡ t ✞ ✏ ✎ ✟ t ✞ ✡ ★ ✞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✞ ★ ✞ ✌ t t ✓ r ✞ ✪ ✮ ✯ ✳ ✰ ✍ ★ ✝ ✎ ☛
✟ ✓ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✫ t ✝ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✑ ✠ t ☛ ✪ ✫ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✎ ✡ ✞
✍ ✞ ✡ t ✎ ✠ ✌ ✔ ✝ ✠ ✧ ✞ t ✝ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✑ ✠ t ✰ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✡ t ✎ ✠ ✌ ✳ ❝ ✧ ✞ ✎ ✡ ✧ ✥ ✫
✡ ✞ ✦ ✓ ✡ t ✠ ✌ ✑ t ✝ ✞ ✡ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✧ t ✓ ✟ ★ ✞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✞ ★ ✞ ✌ t t ✝ ✎ t
✠ ✌ ✍ ✧ ☞ ✏ ✞ ☛ ★ ✓ ✡ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✑ ✠ t ☛ t ✝ ✎ ✌ t ✝ ✞ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✏ ✠ ✑ ✠ t ☛
✠ ☛ ☛ ☞ ✦ ✞ ✡ ✟ ✧ ☞ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✧ ☛ ✓ ★ ✠ ☛ ✧ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✠ t ✔ ✓ ☞ ✧ ✏
✑ ✠ ✬ ✞ ✎ ✔ ✡ ✓ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✏ ✞ ✎ ✎ r ✓ ☞ t t ✝ ✞ ✦ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✟
★ ✞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✞ ★ ✞ ✌ t ✳
✉ ✝ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✧ ✞ ☛ ✟ ✓ ✡ ✏ ✞ t ✞ ✡ ★ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✑ t ✝ ✞ ✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡ ✓ ✟
☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✌ r ✞ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✞ ✡ ☛ t ✓ ✓ ✏ ✟ ✡ ✓ ★ t ✝ ✞
✟ ✓ ✧ ✧ ✓ ✔ ✠ ✌ ✑ ✞
❢
✎ ★ ✦ ✧ ✞ ☛ ✳
✱
✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✠ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✎ t ✞ ✫
✎ ☛ ✎ ✧ ✡ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✥ ★ ✞ ✌ t ✠ ✓ ✌ ✞ ✏ ✫ t ✝ ✞ ✦ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✟
★ ✞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✞ ★ ✞ ✌ t ✔ ✝ ✠ ✍ ✝ ✏ ✞ ✦ ✞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✓ ✌ t ✝ ✞ ✧ ✞ ✎ ☛ t ✍ ✓ ☞ ✌ t
✓ ✟ t ✝ ✞ ★ ✞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✌ ☛ t ✡ ☞ ★ ✞ ✌ t ✳
❆
✙
✲ ✴
✕ ✙ ✣
✴
✘
✙
✲
✚ ✗ ✖ ✣
✴
✘ ❞ ✕ ✘ ✘ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✕ ✛ s ❞
✴
✣ s ✗
✴
✛ ✙
✲
✚ ✗ ✖ ✣ ✛
✲
✣
✗ ✜
♥ ✵
✣ ✢
✴
✘ s ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✛ ❞ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✛s
✴
✢ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✢✣ s ✕ ✗ ✚
♥
✣ ✚ s ✜ ✢✣
♥
✣ ✗ ✛
♠
✉ ✝ ✠ ☛ ✠ ★ ✦ ✓ ✡ t ✎ ✌ t ✡ ✞ ★ ✎ ✡ ✒ ★ ✎ ✒ ✞ ☛
★ ✓ ☛ t ✓ ✟ t ✝ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✧ ✧ ✓ ✔ ✠ ✌ ✑ ✓ r ☛ ✞ ✡ ✬ ✎ t ✠ ✓ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✧ ✞ ✎ ✡
✶
✸
♣
✹ ✺
✓ ✡ ✞
❢
✎ ★ ✦ ✧ ✞ ✫ t ✝ ✞ ✧ ✞ ✌ ✑ t ✝ ✪ ✳
✻ ✼
✮ ✍ ★ ✝ ✎ ☛ ✟ ✓ ☞ ✡
☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✳
✽
☞ t ✠ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✟ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✌ t ☞ ✌ ✠ t ☛ ✫ t ✝ ✞
☛ ✎ ★ ✞ ✬ ✎ ✧ ☞ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✌ r ✞ ✔ ✡ ✠ t t ✞ ✌ ✎ ☛
✼
✳
✼
✪
✻ ✼
✮ ★ ✓ ✡ ✪
✻
✳
✼
✮
★ ★ ✓ ✡ ✪
✻ ✼
✮
✼
➭ ★ ✳
✾ ✧ ✧ t ✝ ✞ ☛ ✞ ✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡ ☛ ✝ ✎ ✬ ✞ t ✝ ✞ ☛ ✎ ★ ✞ ✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡ ✓ ✟
☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☛
✸
✏ ✠ ✑ ✠ t ☛ ✪ ✫
✻
✫
✼
✫ ✮
✹
✫ ✌ ✎ ★ ✞ ✧ ✥ ✟ ✓ ☞ ✡ ✳
✉ ✝ ✠ ☛ ☛ ✝ ✓ ✔ ☛ t ✝ ✎ t t ✝ ✞ ✧ ✓ ✍ ✎ t ✠ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✟ ✏ ✞ ✍ ✠ ★ ✎ ✧ ✦ ✓ ✠ ✌ t ✠ ☛
✓ ✟ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✌ ☛ ✞ ♦ ☞ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✌ ✏ ✞ t ✞ ✡ ★ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✑ t ✝ ✞ ✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡
✓ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✳
✉ ✝ ✞ ✞
❢
✎ ★ ✦ ✧ ✞ ✑ ✠ ✬ ✞ ☛ t ✝ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✧ ✧ ✓ ✔ ✠ ✌ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✧ ✞ ☛
✶
• ❆ ✿ ✿
✛
✲
✣ ✗
✴
✗
❀ ❁
✣ ✢
✴
❞ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✛s ✚ ✢✣ s ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✛
♠
• ❆ ✿ ✿
✛
✲
✣
❁
✣ ✢
✴
s
✵
✣ ✛❂ ✣ ✣ ✗ ✛❂
✴
✗
✴
✗
❀ ❁
✣ ✢
✴
❞ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✛ s
✚ ✢ ✣ s ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✛ ❛ ✗
✴ ♥
✚ ✛ ✛ ✣ ✢ ❂
✲
✣ ✢ ✣ ✛
✲
✣
❞ ✣ ✙ ✕
♥
✚
✿
❃
✴
✕ ✗ ✛ ✕ s ❛ ✕ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✚
✿ ✿ ♠
• ■
✘ ✛
✲
✣ ✗ ✜
♥ ✵
✣ ✢ ✕ s
✿
✣ s s ✛
✲
✚ ✗
❄
❛ ✛
✲
✣
❁
✣ ✢
✴ ❅
s
❇
✴
✗ ✛
✲
✣ ✢ ✕ ✖
✲
✛
✴
✘ ❞ ✣ ✙ ✕
♥
✚
✿
❃
✴
✕ ✗ ✛
✵
✜ ✛ ✛
✴
✛
✲
✣
✿
✣ ✘ ✛
✴
✘ ✛
✲
✣ ✘ ✕ ✢s ✛ ✗
✴
✗
❀ ❁
✣ ✢
✴
❞ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✣ ✗
✴
✛
s ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✛
♠ ❈
✤ ✌
✼
✳
✼ ✼
✪
✻ ✼
✮ ✫ t ✝ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✧ ✠ ✌ ✞ ✏
③ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✞ ☛ ✎ ✡ ✞ ✌ ✓ t ☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ❉ ✳
• ❚
✲
✣ ✛ ✣ ✢
♥
✕ ✗ ✚
✿ ✴
✢ ✛ ✢ ✚ ✕
✿
✕ ✗ ✖
❁
✣ ✢
✴ ❅
s
❇
✕ ✗ ✚
✗ ✜
♥ ✵
✣ ✢ ❂ ✕ ✛
✲ ✴
✜ ✛ ✚ ❞ ✣ ✙ ✕
♥
✚
✿
❃
✴
✕ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✣ ✗
✴
✛
s ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✛
♠
❈
✉ ✝ ☞ ☛ ♣ ✪
✻
★
❬
♣ ✪
✻ ✼ ✼
✍ ★
❬
♣ ✪
✻ ✼ ✼ ✼
★ ★ ✝ ✎ ☛
❊ ❋ ● ❍ ❍
☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✫ t ✝ ✞ t ✡ ✎ ✠ ✧ ✠ ✌ ✑ ③ ✞ ✡ ✓
✸
☛
✹
r ✞ ✠ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✓ t ☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✳ ❉ ❜ ✓ ✔ ✞ ✬ ✞ ✡ ✫ ✥ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✧ ☛ ✓
☛ ✞ ✞ t ✝ ✞ ✌ ✞
❢
t ✓ r ☛ ✞ ✡ ✬ ✎ t ✠ ✓ ✌ ✳
• ❚
✲
✣ ✛✢ ✚ ✕
✿
✕ ✗ ✖
❁
✣ ✢
✴ ❅
s
❇
✕ ✗ ✚ ✗ ✜
♥ ✵
✣ ✢ ❂ ✕ ✛
✲
✚
❞ ✣ ✙ ✕
♥
✚
✿
❃
✴
✕ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✢✣ s ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✛
♠
❈
✉ ✝ ✞ ✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡ ☛
✻
✳ ✰
✼ ✼
✓ ✡
✼
✳
✼
✩
❏ ✼ ✼
✝ ✎ ✬ ✞ ✟ ✓ ☞ ✡
☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✞ ✎ ✍ ✝ ✳ ❉
✸
✪
✹
✉ ✝ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✌ r ✞ ☛ ✓ ★ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✓ ✌ ✡ ✞ ✑ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✌ ✑ t ✝ ✞
t ✡ ✎ ✠ ✧ ✠ ✌ ✑ ③ ✞ ✡ ✓
✸
☛
✹
✳
✱
☞ ✦ ✦ ✓ ☛ ✞ ✎ ✧ ✞ ✌ ✑ t ✝ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✞ ✦ ✓ ✡ t ✞ ✏ t ✓
r ✞ ❑ ✳ ✯
✼ ✼
★ ✳ ✤ t ✠ ☛ ✞ ✬ ✠ ✏ ✞ ✌ t t ✝ ✎ t t ✝ ✞ ③ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✞ ☛ ✝ ✞ ✡ ✞
✎ ✡ ✞ ★ ✞ ✎ ✌ t t ✓ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✬ ✞ ✥ t ✝ ✞ ✦ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✟
★ ✞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✞ ★ ✞ ✌ t ✎ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✞ ✫ t ✝ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✡ ✞ ✫ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✳
❈
✤ ✟
t ✝ ✞ ☛ ✞ ✔ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✌ ✓ t ✫ ✠ t ✔ ✓ ☞ ✧ ✏ r ✞ ☛ ☞ ✦ ✞ ✡ ✟ ✧ ☞ ✓ ☞ ☛ t ✓ ✔ ✡ ✠ t ✞
t ✝ ✞ ★ ✞
❢
✦ ✧ ✠ ✍ ✠ t ✧ ✥ ✫ t ✝ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✦ ✓ ✡ t ✞ ✏ ★ ✞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✞ ★ ✞ ✌ t
✔ ✓ ☞ ✧ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✬ ✞ r ✞ ✞ ✌ ☛ ✠ ★ ✦ ✧ ✥ ❑ ✳ ✯ ★ ❉ ✳
✇
✓ ✔ ☛ ☞ ✦ ✦ ✓ ☛ ✞
✔ ✞ ✍ ✝ ✎ ✌ ✑ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✠ t ☛ ✫ t ✝ ✞ ✌
❑ ✳ ✯
✼ ✼
★
❬
❑ ✯
✼
✳
✼
✍ ★
❬
❑ ✯
✼ ✼
★ ★
❬ ✼
✳
✼ ✼
❑ ✯
✼ ✼
✒ ★
✱
✠ ✌ ✍ ✞ t ✝ ✞ ✧ ✎ ☛ t ✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡ ✝ ✎ ☛ t ✡ ✎ ✠ ✧ ✠ ✌ ✑ ③ ✞ ✡ ✓
✸
☛
✹
✠ ✌ ✎
✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡ ✔ ✠ t ✝ ✌ ✓ ✏ ✞ ✍ ✠ ★ ✎ ✧ ✫ ✔ ✞ ✔ ✓ ☞ ✧ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✧ ☞ ✏ ✞
✞ ✡ ✡ ✓ ✌ ✞ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✧ ✥ ✟ ✡ ✓ ★ ✓ r ☛ ✞ ✡ ✬ ✎ t ✠ ✓ ✌
✸
♣
✹
✎ r ✓ ✬ ✞ t ✝ ✎ t t ✝ ✞
✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡ ✝ ✎ ☛
❊ ▲ ▼
☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✫ ✔ ✝ ✠ ✧ ✞ ✠ ✌
✟ ✎ ✍ t ✫ ✠ t ✝ ✎ ☛ ✟ ✓ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✎ ★ ✞ ✡ ✞
✍ ✝ ✎ ✌ ✑ ✞ ✓ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✠ t ☛ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✌ ✓ t ✍ ✝ ✎ ✌ ✑ ✞ t ✝ ✞ ✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡ ✓ ✟
☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✳
✸ ✻ ✹
❚
✴
✢ ✣
♥ ✴ ◆
✣ s ✜ ✙
✲
✚
♥ ✵
✕ ✖ ✜ ✕ ✛ ✕ ✣ s ✕ ✗
❞ ✣ ✛ ✣ ✢
♥
✕ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✛
✲
✣ ✗ ✜
♥ ✵
✣ ✢
✴
✘ s ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✛
✘ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✢ ✣ s ❛ ✛
✲
✣
✵
✣ s ✛ ❂ ✚
❖
✕ s ✛
✴
✢ ✣ ❃
✴
✢ ✛ ✣
◆
✣ ✢
❖
♥
✣ ✚ s ✜ ✢✣
♥
✣ ✗ ✛ ✕ ✗ s ✙ ✕ ✣ ✗ ✛ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✗
✴
✛ ✚ ✛ ✕
✴
✗
❅
✕ ✗ ✛
✲
✣
❃
✴
❂ ✣ ✢
✴
✘
❄ ◗ ❇ ♠
✤ ✌ t ✝ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✓ t ✎ t ✠ ✓ ✌ ✫ ✞ ✬ ✞ ✡ ✥ ✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛
✞
❢
✦ ✡ ✞ ☛ ☛ ✞ ✏ ✎ ☛ ❘ ❙ ♣
✼
❯
✫ ✔ ✝ ✞ ✡ ✞ ❘ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡
r ✞ t ✔ ✞ ✞ ✌ ♣ ✎ ✌ ✏ ♣
✼
✫ ✎ ✌ ✏
❱
✠ ☛ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✦ ✓ ☛ ✠ t ✠ ✬ ✞ ✓ ✡
✌ ✞ ✑ ✎ t ✠ ✬ ✞ ✞
❢
✦ ✓ ✌ ✞ ✌ t
✸
✓ ✡ ✦ ✓ ✔ ✞ ✡
✹
✓ ✟ ♣
✼
✳ ✤ ✌ ✓ ✡ ✏ ✞ ✡ t ✓
✑ ✞ t ✎ ✌ ✎ ✦ ✦ ✡ ✓
❢
✠ ★ ✎ t ✞ ✠ ✏ ✞ ✎ ✓ ✟ t ✝ ✞ ✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡ ✫ ✔ ✞ ★ ✎ ✥
✡ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✟ ✟ t ✝ ✞ ✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡ ❘ t ✓ ♣
✸
✟ ✓ ✡ ❘
❲
✰
✹
✎ ✌ ✏ t ✓ ♣
✼
✸
✟ ✓ ✡ ✰
❳
❘
❨
♣
✼ ✹
✳ ✉ ✝ ✞ ✌ t ✝ ✞ ✌ ☞ ★ r ✞ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✌ r ✞
✞
❢
✦ ✡ ✞ ☛ ☛ ✞ ✏ ✎ ✦ ✦ ✡ ✓
❢
✠ ★ ✎ t ✞ ✧ ✥ ✎ ☛ ♣
✼
❩
✠ ✌ ✔ ✝ ✠ ✍ ✝ t ✝ ✞
✞
❢
✦ ✓ ✌ ✞ ✌ t
✸
✓ ✡ ✦ ✓ ✔ ✞ ✡
✹
r ✓ ✟ ♣
✼
✠ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✧ ✧ ✞ ✏
✴
✢❞ ✣ ✢
✴
✘
♥
✚ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✛✜ ❞ ✣ ✓ ✟ t ✝ ✞ ✦ ✝ ✥ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✧ ♦ ☞ ✎ ✌ t ✠ t ✥ ✳ ❭ ✝ ✞ ✌ ✓ ✌ ✧ ✥
✎ ✌ ✞ ☛ t ✠ ★ ✎ t ✞ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✞ ♦ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✞ ✏ ✫ t ✝ ✞ ♦ ☞ ✎ ✌ t ✠ t ✥ ✠ ☛ ✓ ✟ t ✝ ✞
✓ ✡ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✟ ♣
✼
❩
✳
✺
✓ ✡ ✞
❢
✎ ★ ✦ ✧ ✞ ✫ t ✝ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✎ ★ ✞ t ✞ ✡ ✓ ✟ t ✝ ✞
✞ ✎ ✡ t ✝
✸
♣ ✳ ✪ ✮ ❙ ♣
✼
❪
★
✹
✠ ☛ ✓ ✟ t ✝ ✞ ✓ ✡ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✟ ♣
✼
❪
★ ✔ ✠ t ✝
t ✝ ✞ ✓ ✡ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✟ ★ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✠ t ☞ ✏ ✞ ✯ ✳ ✉ ✝ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✎ ★ ✞ t ✞ ✡ ✓ ✟
✝ ✥ ✏ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✞ ✌ ✎ t ✓ ★
✸
♣ ✳
✼
✩ ❙ ♣
✼
➊ ❫ ❴
★
✹
✠ ☛ ✓ ✟ t ✝ ✞ ✓ ✡ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✟
♣
✼
➊ ❫ ❴
★ ✫ ✔ ✠ t ✝ t ✝ ✞ ✓ ✡ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✟ ★ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✠ t ☞ ✏ ✞
❵
♣
✼
✳ ✉ ✝ ☞ ☛ ✫ t ✝ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✎ ★ ✞ t ✞ ✡ ✓ ✟ t ✝ ✞ ✞ ✎ ✡ t ✝ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✯ ✓ ✡ ✏ ✞ ✡ ☛
✓ ✟ ★ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✠ t ☞ ✏ ✞ ✧ ✎ ✡ ✑ ✞ ✡ t ✝ ✎ ✌ t ✝ ✞ ✝ ✥ ✏ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✞ ✌ ✎ t ✓ ★ ✳
✤ t ✠ ☛ ✓ ✟ t ✞ ✌ ✍ ☞ ☛ t ✓ ★ ✎ ✡ ✥ t ✓ ✔ ✡ ✠ t ✞ t ✝ ✞ ✏ ✞ ✍ ✠ ★ ✎ ✧ ✎ ✟ t ✞ ✡
t ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ t ✏ ✠ ✑ ✠ t ✳
✇
✓ ✔ t ✝ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✓ ✌ ★ ✞ ✌ t ✠ ✓ ✌ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✌
✸
✎
✹
✎ r ✓ ✬ ✞ ✏ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✦ ✦ ✞ ✎ ✡ ☛
✶
❑ ✳ ✯
✼ ✼
★
❬
❑ ✳ ✯
✼ ✼
❙ ♣
✼
❡
✍ ★
❬
❑ ✳ ✯
✼ ✼
❙ ♣
✼
❣
★ ★
❬
❑ ✳ ✯
✼ ✼
❙ ♣
✼
➊
❣
✒ ★
✉ ✝ ✞ ✦ ✓ ✔ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✟ ♣
✼
✠ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✡ ✞ ✧ ✞ ✬ ✎ ✌ t t ✓ t ✝ ✞
✏ ✞ t ✞ ✡ ★ ✠ ✌ ✎ t ✠ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ t ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✳ ❜ ✓ ✔ ✞ ✬ ✞ ✡ ✫ ✎ ✧ ✧
❯   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎   ✆ ✝ ✞ ☎ ✄ ❯ ✟ ✞ ✝ ✞   ✂ ✷ ✠
③ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✡
✌
s
✏ ✡ ✑ ✓ ✏
✘
✏
s
✑ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✙ ✚
✍
s
✔ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛
✏ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✌
s
✍ ✌ ✡ ✔ ✍ ✌ ❢ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✘
✏ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✌
✙
❚ ✔ ✖ ✌ ✣ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✌
s
✏ ✡ ✑ ✓ ✏
✘
✏
s
✑ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✣ ✑ ☞
s
☞ ✑
✘
✖ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✑
✍ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✏ ❛ ✏ ✑ ✒ ③ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✤ ✌ ✥ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✡
✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✦
✙
❚ ✔ ✡ ✳ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✍ ❛ ✧ ✍ ✳ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✙
✤ ✭ ✥ ❚ ✔ ✡ ✌
s
✏ ✡ ✑ ✓ ✏
✘
✏
s
✑ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✏ ★ ✡ ✍ ❛
✘
☞ ☛ ☛ ✡ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✒
✗ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✗ ✡ ✑ ✓
✙
♠✖ ✓ ✏
✘
✓ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✍ ★ ☞ ✎ ✓ ✡ ★ ✣ ✧ ✡ ✖ ✌ ✡
✓ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✖ ❛ ✡ ✌ ✍ ★ ☞ ✎ ✓ ✡ ★ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✡
s
✡ ★ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✡
t
✍ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✡
✩
•• ❋ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✫ ✴ ✫ ✲ ✬ ✵ ✲ ✫ ✵✶ ✬ ✮ ✸ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✵✶ ✪ ✯ ✵ ✬ ✮ ✼
❞ ✲ ✽ ✻ ✰ ✬ ✾ ✹ ✵ ✶ ✲ ✵ ✫ ✬ ✻ ✾ ✻ ✮ ✴ ✿ ✲ ✫ ✪ ❀ ❁ ❂ ✬ ✫ ✲ ✮ ✪ ✵
❁ ✻ ✴ ✮ ✻ ❃ ✻ ✽ ✬ ✮ ✵ ❄
•• ❋ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✫ ✺ ✻ ✵✶ ✬ ❞ ✲ ✽ ✻ ✰ ✬ ✾ ✹ ✵✶ ✲ ✵✫ ✬ ✻ ✾ ✻ ✮ ✴
✿ ✲ ✫✪ ❀ ❁ ❂ ✬ ✫ ✲ ❁ ✻ ✴ ✮ ✻ ❃ ✻ ✽ ✬ ✮ ✵❄
✤
❅
✥ ❚ ✔ ✡ ★ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✓
❆ s
☞ ✑
❇
✡ ✑ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✍ ❛ ❛ ✳ ✎ ✖ ✓ ☞ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✡ ❛ ✡
✘
✓ ☞
✘
✍
★ ✡
s
✏ ✗ ✍ ❛
✘
☞ ☛ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛ ❛ ✡ ✌ ✌ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✑
❈
✤ ❛ ✏
❉
✡
❆ ✙ ❈ ❊ ❅ ❆
✥
✏ ✌ ✑ ✡
❇
✡ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✙ ✐
☞ ✧ ✡
❇
✡ ☛ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✡ ③ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✡
✡ ✑ ★ ☞
✘
✌ ✖
s
✔ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✍
✗ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✗ ✡ ✑ ✓
✙
✤ ● ✥ ❚ ✔ ✡ ✗ ✖ ❛ ✓ ✏ ✎ ❛ ✳ ✏ ✑ ✒ ☞ ☛ ★ ✏
❇
✏ ★ ✏ ✑ ✒
✘
✍
s
✓ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✧ ✔ ✏
s
✔ ✍ ☛ ✡
✑ ✡ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✡ ☛ ☛ ☞ ✖ ✑ ★ ✡ ★ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✑ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✌
☛ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✡ ★
❇
✍ ❛ ✖ ✡ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✡
t
✍
s
✓ ✍ ✑ ★
✔ ✍
❇
✡ ✏ ✑
✘
✏ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛ ☞
✘
✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓ ★ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✌
✙
❤ ☞ ☛
✡
t
✍ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✡ ✏ ✑
❍
■
r ❏
☞ ☛ ✌ ❑
❊
▲ ✢ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✡
✘
✍
s
✓ ☞ ☛
❊
✏ ✌ ✍ ✑
✡
t
✍
s
✓ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✍ ✑ ★ ✏ ✓
s
✍ ✑ ✕ ✡ ✧ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✌
❊ ✙ ❆
✣
❊ ✙ ❆ ❆
☞ ☛
❊ ✙ ❆ ❆ ❆ ❆
✍ ✌ ☛ ✡ ♦ ✖ ✏ ☛ ✡ ★
✙
▼ ✏ ✗ ✏ ❛ ✍ ☛ ❛ ✳ ✣ ✏ ✑
◆
❖
♥
P
✣ ◗ ✏ ✌
✍ ✑ ✡
t
✍
s
✓ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛
✙
❘ ❄ ❙ ❄ ✸ ❱ ✯ ✾ ✲ ❁ ❃ ✪ ✫ ❲ ✫ ✻ ✵✶ ✰ ✲ ✵✻ ✽ ❳ ❨ ✲ ✫ ✬ ✵✻ ✪ ✮ ❁ ✺ ✻ ✵✶
❩ ✻ ✴ ✮ ✻ ❃ ✻ ✽ ✬ ✮ ✵ ❋ ✻ ✴ ✯ ✫ ✲ ❁
❚ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✖ ❛ ✓ ☞
✘
✍
s
✍ ❛
s
✖ ❛ ✍ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✑
❇
☞ ❛
❇
✏ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✎ ☛ ☞
t
✏ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✡
✗ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✡ ★
❇
✍ ❛ ✖ ✡ ✌ ☞
✘
♦ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✤ ✏
✙
✡
✙ ❇
✍ ❛ ✖ ✡ ✌ ✧ ✏ ✓ ✔
❛ ✏ ✗ ✏ ✓ ✡ ★ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛ ☞
✘
✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✘
✏ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✥ ✗ ✖ ✌ ✓ ☛ ✡
✘
❛ ✡
s
✓
✓ ✔ ✡ ✖ ✑
s
✡ ☛ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✍ ❛ ✗ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✡ ★
❇
✍ ❛ ✖ ✡ ✌
✙
❬
✓
s
✍ ✑ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✕ ✡ ✗ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✍
s s
✖ ☛ ✍ ✓ ✡ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✍ ❛
✗ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✡ ★
❇
✍ ❛ ✖ ✡ ✌ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✗ ✌ ✡ ❛
❇
✡ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✧ ✔ ✏
s
✔ ✓ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✖ ❛ ✓
✏ ✌ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✡ ★
✙ ❬
✑ ✒ ✡ ✑ ✡ ☛ ✍ ❛ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✡
✘
✏ ✑ ✍ ❛ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✖ ❛ ✓ ✌ ✔ ☞ ✖ ❛ ★ ✑ ☞ ✓
✔ ✍
❇
✡ ✗ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✘
✏ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✍ ❛
★ ✍ ✓ ✍
✘
☛ ☞ ✗ ✧ ✔ ✏
s
✔ ✏ ✓ ✧ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✕ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✡ ★
✙
❚ ✔ ✖ ✌ ✣ ✏
✘
✗ ✍ ✌ ✌ ☞
✘
✍ ✑ ☞ ✕ ❭ ✡
s
✓ ✏ ✌ ✗ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✡ ★ ✓ ☞ ✕ ✡ ✣ ✌ ✍ ✳ ✣ ✭
✙ ❊
❪ ❫ ✒ ✤
✘
☞ ✖ ☛
✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✘
✏ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✑ ★ ✏ ✓ ✌
❇
☞ ❛ ✖ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✗ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✡ ★ ✓ ☞
✕ ✡
❊ ✙ ❅ ❈ s
✗
❴
✣ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✌ ★ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✳ ✣ ✕ ✳ ✗ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✡ ✓ ✏
s
★ ✏
❇
✏ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✣ ✏ ✌
❈ ✙
● ❵ ❵
❆
✭ ❫ ❵
❆
❵ ❫ ● ✒ ❜
s
✗
❴
✖ ✎ ✓ ☞
❈ ❈
★ ✡
s
✏ ✗ ✍ ❛
✎ ❛ ✍
s
✡ ✌
✙ ❬
✓ ✧ ☞ ✖ ❛ ★ ✕ ✡
s
❛ ✡ ✍ ☛ ❛ ✳ ✍ ✕ ✌ ✖ ☛ ★ ✍ ✑ ★ ✏ ☛ ☛ ✡ ❛ ✡
❇
✍ ✑ ✓
✓ ☞ ☛ ✡
s
☞ ☛ ★ ✓ ✔ ✡
s
✍ ❛
s
✖ ❛ ✍ ✓ ✡ ★
❇
✍ ❛ ✖ ✡ ☞
✘
★ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✳ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✖
s
✔ ✍
✎ ☛ ✡
s
✏ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✧ ✔ ✡ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✗ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✗ ✡ ✑ ✓ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✧ ✔ ✏
s
✔ ✓ ✔ ✡
❇
✍ ❛ ✖ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✡ ★ ✣ ✔ ✍
❇
✡ ✗ ✖
s
✔ ❛ ✡ ✌ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✡
s
✏ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✑
✙
❚ ✔ ✡
✘
☞ ❛ ❛ ☞ ✧ ✏ ✑ ✒ ☛ ✖ ❛ ✡ ✌
✘
☞ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✡ ✓ ✏
s
☞ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✍ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✌ ✧ ✏ ✓ ✔
✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✘
✏ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✡
✘
✏ ✑ ✍ ❛ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✖ ❛ ✓ ☞
✘
✍
s
✍ ❛
s
✖ ❛ ✍ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✌ ✔ ☞ ✧ ✑ ✧ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✡
s
✏ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✏ ✌
s
☞ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✓ ✡ ✑ ✓ ✧ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✡
s
✏ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✑ ☞
✘
✓ ✔ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✖ ✓
✗ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✡ ★
❇
✍ ❛ ✖ ✡ ✌
✩
✤
❈
✥ ❝
✮ ✰ ✯ ✾ ✵✻ ❨ ✾ ✻ ✽ ✬ ✵✻ ✪ ✮ ✪ ✫ ❞ ✻
❡
✻ ❁ ✻ ✪ ✮ ✹ ✵✶ ✲ ❃ ✻ ✮ ✬ ✾
✫ ✲ ❁ ✯ ✾ ✵ ❁ ✶ ✪ ✯ ✾ ❞ ✫ ✲ ✵ ✬ ✻ ✮ ✬ ❁ ✰ ✬ ✮ ✼ ❁ ✻ ✴ ✮ ✻ ❃ ✻ ✽ ✬ ✮ ✵
❃ ✻ ✴ ✯ ✫ ✲ ❁ ✬ ❁ ✬ ✫ ✲ ✵✶ ✲ ✫ ✲ ✻ ✮ ✵✶ ✲ ✪ ✫ ✻ ✴ ✻ ✮ ✬ ✾ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✫
✺ ✻ ✵✶ ✵ ✶ ✲ ✾ ✲ ✬ ❁ ✵ ❁ ✻ ✴ ✮ ✻ ❃ ✻ ✽ ✬ ✮ ✵ ❃ ✻ ✴ ✯ ✫ ✲ ❁ ❄
❚ ✔ ✖ ✌ ✣ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✡
t
✍ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✡ ✍ ✕ ☞
❇
✡ ✣ ★ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✳ ✌ ✔ ☞ ✖ ❛ ★
✕ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✓ ✡ ★ ✓ ☞ ❣ ❥ ✢ ❦ ❦ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✘
✏ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✌
✙
❧ ♣ q ✉ ✈ ✇ ②
① ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧
⑤ ④
⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❷
⑩
④ ❸ ❹ ⑧
❶ ❷
❺
❻
❺
❼ ❼
▼ ✏ ✗ ✏ ❛ ✍ ☛ ❛ ✳ ✣ ✏
✘
✓ ✔ ✡ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✡ ★ ☞
✘
❛ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✏
❇
✡ ✑ ✍ ✌
❪
✙ ❆ ❆
❽
❈ ❆
❾
✗ ✌
❿ ➀
✤ ❣ ❥ ✢ ❦ ❦ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✘
✏ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✑ ★
☞ ✑ ✡ ✳ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✤
❈
✳ ❑ ❪ ●
❅ ✙ ❊ ❅
★ ✥ ✔ ✍ ✌ ❪
✙ ❈ ❅ ❅
❫ ❽
❈ ❆
➁
✌ ✤ ❢ ➂➃ ❦
✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✘
✏ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✥ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✡ ❛ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✓ ✳ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✌ ➄
✙
✭ ❫ ❽
❈ ❆
➀ ➅
✗ ✤ ❣ ❥ ✢ ❦ ❦ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✘
✏ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✥
✙
✤
❊
✥ ❝
✮ ✬ ❞ ❞ ✻ ✵✻ ✪ ✮ ✪ ✫ ❁ ✯ ✱ ✵✫ ✬ ✽ ✵✻ ✪ ✮ ✹ ✵✶ ✲ ❃ ✻ ✮ ✬ ✾ ✫✲ ❁ ✯ ✾ ✵
❁ ✶ ✪ ✯ ✾ ❞ ✫ ✲ ✵ ✬ ✻ ✮ ✬ ❁ ✰ ✬ ✮ ✼ ❞ ✲ ✽ ✻ ✰ ✬ ✾ ❨ ✾ ✬ ✽ ✲ ❁ ✬ ❁ ✬ ✫ ✲
✵✶ ✲ ✫ ✲ ✻ ✮ ✵✶ ✲ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✫ ✺ ✻ ✵✶ ✵✶ ✲ ✾ ✲ ✬ ❁ ✵ ❞ ✲ ✽ ✻ ✰ ✬ ✾
❨ ✾ ✬ ✽ ✲ ❁ ❄
❤ ☞ ☛ ✡
t
✍ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✡ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✌ ✖ ✗ ☞
✘
✓ ✔ ✡ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✌
✭ ❪ ●
✙
❪
❊
✒ ✣
❊ ❊
❫
✙ ❊
✒ ✍ ✑ ★
❆ ✙
❪
❆ ❈
✒ ✕ ✳ ✗ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✡ ✓ ✏
s
✍ ★ ★ ✏ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✣ ✏ ✌ ● ● ❪
✙
❵
❊ ❈
✒
✙
♠ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✡ ❛ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✎ ☛ ✡
s
✏ ✌ ✡
✗ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✗ ✡ ✑ ✓ ✤
❊ ❊
❫
✙ ❊
✒ ✥ ✏ ✌
s
☞ ☛ ☛ ✡
s
✓ ✓ ☞ ☞ ✑ ❛ ✳ ☞ ✑ ✡
★ ✡
s
✏ ✗ ✍ ❛ ✎ ❛ ✍
s
✡
✙
❚ ✔ ✡
✘
✏ ✑ ✍ ❛ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✖ ❛ ✓ ✌ ✔ ☞ ✖ ❛ ★ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✡
✘
☞ ☛ ✡ ✣
✕ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✖ ✑ ★ ✡ ★ ☞
✘ ✘
✓ ☞ ● ● ❪
✙
❵ ✒
✙
▼ ✏ ✗ ✏ ❛ ✍ ☛ ❛ ✳ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✡ ★ ✏
✘ ✘
✡ ☛ ✡ ✑
s
✡ ✏ ✑ ❛ ✡ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔
s
✍ ✑ ✕ ✡
✡
t
✎ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✌ ✡ ★ ✍ ✌
✩
❆ ✙
❪
❆
❫ ✗
➆ ❆ ✙
❪
❆
✭ ✗ ❑
❆ ✙ ❆ ❆
❪ ✗ ❑ ❪ ❽
❈ ❆
➊
❴
✗
✙
➇ ☞ ✓ ✡ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✧ ✡ ✌ ✔ ☞ ✖ ❛ ★ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✡ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✢ ✜ ➈ ❦ ✤
❈
✥
✍ ✎ ✎ ❛ ✏
s
✍ ✕ ❛ ✡
✘
☞ ☛ ✗ ✖ ❛ ✓ ✏ ✎ ❛ ✏
s
✍ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✑ ★ ★ ✏
❇
✏ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✑ ★
✧ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✡ ● ● ✭ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✖ ❛ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✡
t
✍ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✡ ☞
✘
✬ ❞ ❞ ✻ ✵✻ ✪ ✮
✍ ✑ ★ ❪
✙ ❆ ❆
❽
❈ ❆
➊
❴
✗ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✡
t
✍ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✡ ☞
✘
❁ ✯ ✱ ✵ ✫ ✬ ✽ ✵✻ ✪ ✮ ✙
❚ ✔ ✡ ✳ ★ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✓
s
☞ ✑
❇
✡ ✳ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✡
s
✏ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✑
☞
✘
✗ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✗ ✡ ✑ ✓ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✎ ✡ ☛ ❛ ✳
✙
❤ ☞ ☛ ✍ ★ ★ ✏ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✑ ★
✌ ✖ ✕ ✓ ☛ ✍
s
✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✖ ❛ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✡ ☛ ✗ ✌ ☞
✘
★ ✡
s
✏ ✗ ✍ ❛
✎ ❛ ✍
s
✡ ✌
✙
❘ ❄ ❙ ❄ ❘ ❱ ✪ ✯ ✮ ❞ ✻ ✮ ✴ ✪ ❃ ❃ ✵✶ ✲ ➉✮ ✽ ✲ ✫ ✵ ✬ ✻ ✮ ➋ ✻ ✴ ✻ ✵ ❁
❚ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✖ ❛ ✓ ☞
✘ s
☞ ✗ ✎ ✖ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✧ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✎ ☛ ☞
t
✏ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✡
✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✣ ✧ ✔ ✏
s
✔
s
☞ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✗ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✡
✖ ✑
s
✡ ☛ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✑ ★ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✣ ✌ ✔ ☞ ✖ ❛ ★ ✕ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✖ ✑ ★ ✡ ★ ☞
✘ ✘ ✙
❚ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✖ ❛ ✡ ✌
✘
☞ ☛ ☛ ☞ ✖ ✑ ★ ✏ ✑ ✒ ☞
✘ ✘
✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✡
✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✘
✏ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✕
❇
✏ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✓
s
✍ ✌ ✡ ✌
✙
➌
✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛
❊ ✙
❫ ✭ ● ☛ ☞ ✖ ✑ ★ ✡ ★ ☞
✘ ✘
✓ ☞ ✓ ✔ ☛ ✡ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✘
✏
s
✍ ✑ ✓
✘
✏ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✌
❊ ✙
❫
❅
✣ ✧ ✔ ✏ ❛ ✡ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☛
❊ ✙
❫ ✭ ❪ ✧ ☞ ✖ ❛ ★
✕ ✡
❊ ✙
❫ ✭
✙
❚ ✔ ✡ ✢ ✜ ➈❦ ✕ ✳
s
☞ ✑
❇
✡ ✑ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✡
❨ ✫ ✲ ✽ ✲ ❞ ✻ ✮ ✴ ❞ ✻ ✴ ✻ ✵ ✻ ❁ ✫ ✬ ✻ ❁ ✲ ❞ ✱ ✼ ✸ ✻ ❃ ✵ ✶ ✲
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✸ ✆
✝
✝
✐ ✞ ✟ ✐ ✠ ✞ ✐ ✡ ✐ ☛ ☞ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✐ ✠ ✐ ✌ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✓ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✌ ✕ ✑
✉
✞ ✍ ✑ ✒
✖
✐ ✞ ✑ ✍ ✍ ✐ ✠ ✐ ✌ ✐ ✞ ✌✕ ✐ ✟ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✑
✗
✐ ✟
✘
✎ ✒ ✑ ✌✕ ☞ ✞
✺ ✙
☞ ✞ ✍ ✐ ✟
✖
✑ ✡ ✌
✉
✞ ☛ ✕ ☞ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✐ ✡ ✌✕ ✑
✖
☞ ✌✌ ✑ ✒ ✐ ✟
✖
✑ ✟ ✟
✌✕ ☞ ✞
✺
✳ ✥✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✛ ✤ ✦ ✛ ✢ ✧ ★ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫ ✤ ✬ ✭ ✳ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✤ ★
✜ ✢ ✤
✇
✢ ✛ ✢ ✧ ✤ ★ ✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛
✲
✤
✱
✤ ✛ ✤ ✬ ✰ ✳
✴
✧ ✫ ✧
✵
✛ ✢ ✧
✇ ❝
★
✶
✧ ★ ✛ ✤
❝
★ ✤ ✬ ✛ ✢ ✣ ✛ ✐ ✡ ✌✕ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✑ ☛ ✑ ✍ ✐ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✐ ✠ ✐ ✌ ✐ ✟
✑ ❡ ✑ ✞
✙
✌ ✕ ✑ ✐ ✞ ✟ ✐ ✠ ✞ ✐ ✡ ✐ ☛ ☞ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✐ ✠ ✐ ✌ ✐ ✟ ✟ ✐
✘
✓
✖
✷
✍ ✒✎ ✓ ✓ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✞ ✍
✙
✐ ✡ ✐ ✌ ✐ ✟ ✎ ✍ ✍
✙
✌✕ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✑ ☛ ✑ ✍ ✐ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✐ ✠ ✐ ✌
✐ ✟ ✒ ☞ ✐ ✟ ✑ ✍ ✏ ✷ ✹ ✳ ✻ ✢ ✧ ★
✵
✛ ✢ ✧ ★ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫ ✭ ✳ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✫
❝
✚ ★
✲
✧
✲
❝
✦ ✦ ✛
❝
✛ ✢ ✫ ✧ ✧ ✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✪ ✧
✇ ❝
✩ ✧ ✬ ✭ ✳ ✮ ✯ ✳ ♦ ★
✛ ✢ ✧
❝
✛ ✢ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✣ ★
✲ ✵
✛ ✢ ✧ ★ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫ ✭ ✳ ✮
t
✰ ✫
❝
✚ ★
✲
✧
✲ ❝
✦ ✦
✛
❝
✛ ✢ ✫ ✧ ✧ ✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✪ ✧
✇ ❝
✩ ✧ ✬ ✭ ✳ ✮ ✯ ✬ ✤ ★
✇
✧
✛ ✢ ✧ ✼ ✫ ✧
✇
✧
✲
✤ ★
✱ ✲
✤
✱
✤ ✛ ✤ ✬
❝ ✲ ✲
✳
■
★ ✣ ★
✽
✤ ★
✶ ❝ ✾ ✶
✧
✲ ❝
✫
✇ ❝
✩ ✼
✾
✧
✿
✩ ✚
✾
✛ ✤
❀
✬ ✛ ✧ ✼
✇
✣
✾ ✇
✚
✾
✣ ✛ ✤
❝
★
✵ ✽ ❝
✚ ✬ ✢
❝
✚
✾ ✲
✫ ✧ ✛ ✣ ✤ ★
✵
✤ ★ ✤ ★ ✛ ✧ ✫ ✩ ✧
✲
✤ ✣ ✛ ✧
✬ ✛ ✧ ✼ ✬
✵ ❝
★ ✧
✲
✤
✱
✤ ✛ ✩
❝
✫ ✧ ✛ ✢ ✣ ★ ✛ ✢ ✧ ✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛
✲
✤
✱
✤ ✛ ✬
✣ ★
✲
✫
❝
✚ ★
✲ ❝
✦ ✦ ✛
❝
✼ ✫
❝
✼ ✧ ✫ ✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✣ ✛ ✛ ✢ ✧
✧ ★
✲ ❝
✦ ✛ ✢ ✧
✇
✣
✾ ✇
✚
✾
✣ ✛ ✤
❝
★ ✳ ❁ ✤ ✩ ✤
✾
✣ ✫
✾ ✽ ✵
✣ ★ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫
❦ ★
❝
✜ ★ ✛
❝
✪ ✧ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✢ ✤ ★ ✩ ✣ ★
✽
✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬
✵
✬ ✚
✇
✢ ✣ ✬ ✤ ★ ✭ ✳ s s ✮ s ✭ ✯ ✰ ❂ × ✹ ❃
❄
✩ ❅ ✬ ✦
❝
✫ ✛ ✢ ✧ ✬ ✼ ✧ ✧
✲
❝
✦
✾
✤
✱
✢ ✛ ✤ ★
✶
✣
✇
✚ ✚ ✩
✵
✤ ✬ ✫
❝
✚ ★
✲
✧
✲ ❝
✦ ✦ ✛
❝
✣ ★
✣ ✼ ✼ ✫
❝ ✿
✤ ✩ ✣ ✛ ✧
✶
✣
✾
✚ ✧
t
× ✹ ❃
❄
✩ ❅ ✬
✵
✜ ✢ ✤
✇
✢ ✤ ✬
❝
✦ ✛ ✧ ★
✧ ✩ ✼
✾ ❝ ✽
✧
✲
✤ ★
✇ ❝
✩ ✼ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✤
❝
★ ✬ ✳ ❆ ✤ ★ ✣
✾ ✾ ✽ ✵
✫ ✧ ✩ ✧ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫
✛ ✢ ✣ ✛ ✧
✿
✣
✇
✛ ★ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫ ✬ ✛ ✢ ✣ ✛ ✣ ✼ ✼ ✧ ✣ ✫ ✤ ★ ✦
❝
✫ ✩ ✚
✾
✣ ✧
✾
✤ ❦ ✧
✭ ❇ ✤ ★
❚
▲
❣
❈ ❉ ❊ ❋
✢ ✣
✶
✧ ✣
✾
✣ ✫
✱
✧ ● ✤ ★ ✦ ✤ ★ ✤ ✛ ✧ ❍ ★ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫
❝
✦ ✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✳ ✻ ✢ ✧
✶
✣
✾
✚ ✧
❝
✦ ❇ ❏
t
✳ ✹ ✯ ✹ ✰ s ✭ ❑ ✳ ✳ ✳ ✳ ✤ ✬ ❦ ★
❝
✜ ★ ✛
❝
✣
✾
✣ ✫
✱
✧ ★ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫
❝
✦
✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✳ ▼
❝
✚ ✩ ✣
✽
✛ ✣ ❦ ✧ ✛ ✢ ✧
✶
✣
✾
✚ ✧ ✣ ✬
t
✳ ✹ ✯ ✭
❝
✫
t
✳ ✹ ✯ ✦
❝
✫ ❇
✵
✜ ✤ ✛ ✢
✾
✤ ✩ ✤ ✛ ✧
✲
★ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫
❝
✦
✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✣ ✬ ✫ ✧ ◆ ✚ ✤ ✫ ✧
✲
✤ ★ ✬ ✼ ✧
✇
✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✇
✣ ✬ ✧ ✬ ✳
❖ ◗ ❘ ❙ ❯ ❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭
✣
✇
✢ ✬ ✤
✲
✧
❝
✦ ✣
✇
✚ ✪ ✧ ✤ ✬
✩ ✧ ✣ ✬ ✚ ✫ ✧
✲
✛
❝
✪ ✧ ✮ ✳ ✭ ❃
t
✩ ✳
♠
✢ ✣ ✛ ✣ ✫ ✧ ✛ ✢ ✧
✛
❝
✛ ✣
✾
✬ ✚ ✫ ✦ ✣
✇
✧ ✣ ✫ ✧ ✣ ✣ ★
✲
✛ ✢ ✧
✶ ❝ ✾
✚ ✩ ✧
❝
✦ ✛ ✢ ✧
✇
✚ ✪ ✧ ✛
❝
✣ ✼ ✼ ✫
❝
✼ ✫ ✤ ✣ ✛ ✧ ✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬
❪
❫ ❴ ❵ ❛ ❲ ❜
✻ ✢ ✧ ★ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫
❝
✦ ✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✤ ★
✛ ✢ ✧ ✩ ✧ ✣ ✬ ✚ ✫ ✧
✲ ✾
✧ ★
✱
✛ ✢ ✤ ✬ ✯ ✳ ✻ ✢ ✧
✇
✣
✾ ✇
✚
✾
✣ ✛ ✧
✲
✣ ✫ ✧ ✣
✣ ★
✲
✛ ✢ ✧
✶ ❝ ✾
✚ ✩ ✧ ✬ ✢
❝
✚
✾ ✲
✛ ✢ ✧ ✫ ✧ ✦
❝
✫ ✧ ✪ ✧ ✫
❝
✚ ★
✲
✧
✲ ❝
✦ ✦
✛
❝
✯ ✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✳
❁ ✚ ✫ ✦ ✣
✇
✧ ✣ ✫ ✧ ✣
❝
✦ ✛ ✢ ✧
✇
✚ ✪ ✧ ❏ ❑ ● ✮ ✳ ✭ ❃
t
❍
❞
✩
❞
❏
t
✹ ✹ ✳ ✭ s s ✭ ✰ ✯ ✩
❞
❏
t
✹ ✹ ✳
t
✩
❞
❢
❝ ✾
✚ ✩ ✧
❝
✦ ✛ ✢ ✧
✇
✚ ✪ ✧ ❏ ● ✮ ✳ ✭ ❃
t
❍
❤
✩
❤
❏
t
✮
t
✳ ✮ ✹ ✯ ✮ ✰ ✯ ✩
❤
❏
t
✮
t
✳ ✮ ✩
❤
❥
❖ ◗ ❘ ❙ ❯ ❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❧
✰ ✳ ✮ ✯
✱ ❝
✦ ✣ ✬ ✚ ✪ ✬ ✛ ✣ ★
✇
✧
❝ ✇ ✇
✚ ✼ ✤ ✧ ✬ ✹ ✳ ✭
✇
✩
❤
✳
❭ ✿
✼ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✬ ✤ ✛ ✬
✲
✧ ★ ✬ ✤ ✛
✽
✪
✽
❦ ✧ ✧ ✼ ✤ ★
✱
✛ ✢ ✧ ✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✤ ★
✶
✤ ✧ ✜ ✳
❫ ❴ ❵ ❛ ❲ ❜
✻ ✢ ✧ ✫ ✧ ✣ ✫ ✧
t
✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✤ ★ ✛ ✢ ✧
✩ ✧ ✣ ✬ ✚ ✫ ✧
✲
✩ ✣ ✬ ✬ ✜ ✢ ✧ ✫ ✧ ✣ ✬ ✛ ✢ ✧ ✫ ✧ ✣ ✫ ✧
❝
★
✾ ✽
✭
✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✤ ★ ✛ ✢ ✧ ✩ ✧ ✣ ✬ ✚ ✫ ✧
✲ ✶ ❝ ✾
✚ ✩ ✧ ✳
✴
✧ ★
✇
✧ ✛ ✢ ✧
✲
✧ ★ ✬ ✤ ✛
✽
✬ ✢
❝
✚
✾ ✲
✪ ✧ ✧
✿
✼ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✬ ✧
✲
✛
❝ ❝
★
✾ ✽
✭ ✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✳
♥ ♣ q r ✈ ① ② ③
❾
④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦
⑧ ⑤ ⑨
⑩ ❶ ❷
❸
❏ ✯ ✳ ❂
✱ ✇
✩
❹ ❹ ❺
✳
❥
❻ ❼ ❽ ❼ ❿ ➀
✉ ✖
✑ ✟ ✡ ✎ ✒ ➁ ✑ ✌ ✑ ✒
✘
✐ ✞ ✐ ✞ ✠ ✌ ✕ ✑ ➂ ✞ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✌☞ ✐ ✞ ✌✷
✐ ✞ ✌ ✕ ✑ ➀ ✑ ✟
✉ ✖
✌ ✟ ✎ ✡ ➃ ✒ ✐ ✌ ✕
✘
☞ ✌ ✐ ☛
➄ ☞
✖
☛
✉ ✖
☞ ✌✐ ✎ ✞ ✟
✻ ✢ ✧ ✫ ✚
✾
✧ ✬ ✦
❝
✫
✲
✧ ✛ ✧ ✫ ✩ ✤ ★ ✤ ★
✱
✛ ✢ ✧ ✚ ★
✇
✧ ✫ ✛ ✣ ✤ ★ ✛
✽ ❝
✫
✧ ✫ ✫
❝
✫ ✤ ★ ✛ ✢ ✧ ★ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫ ❅ ✩ ✧ ✣ ✬ ✚ ✫ ✧
✲
◆ ✚ ✣ ★ ✛ ✤ ✛
✽
✤ ★
✣ ✫ ✤ ✛ ✢ ✩ ✧ ✛ ✤
✇ ❝
✼ ✧ ✫ ✣ ✛ ✤
❝
★ ✬
✇
✣ ★ ✪ ✧ ✚ ★
✲
✧ ✫ ✬ ✛
❝ ❝ ✲
✦ ✫
❝
✩
✛ ✢ ✧ ✦
❝ ✾ ✾ ❝
✜ ✤ ★
✱
✧
✿
✣ ✩ ✼
✾
✧ ✬ ✳
● ✹ ❍
■
✦ ✛ ✢ ✧
✾
✧ ★
✱
✛ ✢ ✣ ★
✲
✪ ✫ ✧ ✣
✲
✛ ✢
❝
✦ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✤ ★
✫ ✧
✇
✛ ✣ ★
✱
✚
✾
✣ ✫ ✬ ✢ ✧ ✧ ✛ ✣ ✫ ✧ ✩ ✧ ✣ ✬ ✚ ✫ ✧
✲ ✵
✚ ✬ ✤ ★
✱
✣ ✩ ✧ ✛ ✫ ✧
✬
✇
✣
✾
✧ ✣ ✬ ✹ ❑ ✳ ✭
✇
✩ ✣ ★
✲ ✵
✹ ❃ ✳ ✹
✇
✩ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✼ ✧
✇
✛ ✤
✶
✧
✾ ✽ ✵
✛ ✢ ✧ ✫ ✧
✣ ✫ ✧ ✛ ✢ ✫ ✧ ✧ ✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✤ ★ ✧ ✣
✇
✢
✩ ✧ ✣ ✬ ✚ ✫ ✧ ✩ ✧ ★ ✛ ✳
■
✛ ✩ ✧ ✣ ★ ✬ ✛ ✢ ✣ ✛ ✛ ✢ ✧
✾
✧ ★
✱
✛ ✢
➅
✩ ✣
✽
✪ ✧ ✜ ✫ ✤ ✛ ✛ ✧ ★ ✣ ✬
➅
❏ ✹ ❑ ✳ ✭ ➆ ❃ ✳ ✹
✇
✩
❏ ✹ ❑ ✳ ✭
✇
✩ ➆ ❃ ✳ ❑
➇
✳
❁ ✤ ✩ ✤
✾
✣ ✫
✾ ✽ ✵
✛ ✢ ✧ ✪ ✫ ✧ ✣
✲
✛ ✢
➈
✩ ✣
✽
✪ ✧ ✜ ✫ ✤ ✛ ✛ ✧ ★ ✣ ✬
➈
❏ ✹ ❃ ✳ ✹ ➆ ❃ ✳ ✹
✇
✩
❏ ✹ ❃ ✳ ✹
✇
✩ ➆ ✹
➇
✻ ✢ ✧ ★
✵
✛ ✢ ✧ ✧ ✫ ✫
❝
✫
❝
✦ ✛ ✢ ✧ ✼ ✫
❝ ✲
✚
✇
✛
❝
✦ ✛ ✜
❝
●
❝
✫ ✩
❝
✫ ✧ ❍
✧
✿
✼ ✧ ✫ ✤ ✩ ✧ ★ ✛ ✣
✾ ✶
✣
✾
✚ ✧ ✬
✵
✚ ✬ ✤ ★
✱
✛ ✢ ✧
✇ ❝
✩ ✪ ✤ ★ ✣ ✛ ✤
❝
★
❝
✦
✧ ✫ ✫
❝
✫ ✬ ✫ ✚
✾
✧
✵
✜ ✤
✾ ✾
✪ ✧
➅ ➈
❏ ✹ ❑
t
✳ ❑ ✭
✇
✩
❞
➉ ✹ ✳ ❑
➇
❏ ✹ ❑
t
✳ ❑ ✭ ➉ ✭ ✳ ❑
✇
✩
❞
✻ ✢ ✤ ✬
✾
✧ ✣
✲
✬ ✚ ✬ ✛
❝
◆ ✚
❝
✛ ✧ ✛ ✢ ✧ ✦ ✤ ★ ✣
✾
✫ ✧ ✬ ✚
✾
✛ ✣ ✬
➅ ➈
❏ ✹ ❑ ✯ ➉
t ✇
✩
❞
✴
✧ ✫ ✧
t ✇
✩
❞
✤ ✬ ✛ ✢ ✧ ✚ ★
✇
✧ ✫ ✛ ✣ ✤ ★ ✛
✽ ❝
✫ ✧ ✫ ✫
❝
✫ ✤ ★ ✛ ✢ ✧
✧ ✬ ✛ ✤ ✩ ✣ ✛ ✤
❝
★
❝
✦ ✣ ✫ ✧ ✣
❝
✦ ✫ ✧
✇
✛ ✣ ★
✱
✚
✾
✣ ✫ ✬ ✢ ✧ ✧ ✛ ✳
● ✭ ❍ ➊ ✡ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✑ ➋ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✐
✘
✑ ✞ ✌☞
✖
✍ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✐ ✟ ✟ ✓ ✑ ☛ ✐ ✡ ✐ ✑ ✍
✌ ✎ ✞ ✟ ✐ ✠ ✞ ✐ ✡ ✐ ☛ ☞ ✞ ✌ ✡ ✐ ✠
✉
✒✑ ✟
✙
☞ ✒✑ ✟
✉ ✖
✌ ✎ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✐ ✞ ✑ ✍ ✏ ✷
☛ ✎
✘
✏ ✐ ✞ ✐ ✞ ✠ ✌ ✕ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✌☞ ➌ ✐
✖ ✖
☞
✖
✟ ✎ ✏ ✑ ❡ ☞
✖
✐ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✞
✟ ✐ ✠ ✞ ✐ ✡ ✐ ☛ ☞ ✞ ✌ ✡ ✐ ✠
✉
✒ ✑ ✟ ❼
✴ ❝
✜ ✧
✶
✧ ✫
✵
✤ ✦
✲
✣ ✛ ✣ ✣ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✚ ✪ ✛ ✫ ✣
✇
✛ ✧
✲ ✵
✛ ✢ ✧ ★ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫
❝
✦
✬ ✤
✱
★ ✤ ✦ ✤
✇
✣ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤
✱
✚ ✫ ✧ ✬
✇
✣ ★ ✪ ✧ ✫ ✧
✲
✚
✇
✧
✲
✳
❯   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎   ✆ ✝ ✞ ☎ ✄ ❯ ✟ ✞ ✝ ✞   ✂ ✸ ✠
❋ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✱ ✥ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✱ ✚ ✡ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✏ ☞ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✤ ☞ ✧ ✛ ✡ ✛ ✜ ☛ ☞ ☞
✢ ✤ ✕
s
✤ ✦ ✤ ✣ ✍
s
✛ ✦ ✤ ✕
★
☛ ☞ ✢ ✱ ✣ ✍
s s
✡ ✛ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✑
✩
✚ ☞ ☞
✪
✍ ✑
★
✍ ✛ ☞ ✧
✍ ✢ ❛ ✓ ✫ ✬ ✕ ✚
★
✛ ✡
s
✑
✩
✍ ✢ ❛ ✓ ✫ ✕ ✱ ✍ ✢
★ s
✣ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✍ ✤
s
✛ ✤ ☞ ✢ ✤
s
✢
★
✚ ✛ ☛ ✍ ✣ ✛ ✤ ✡
s
✡ ☛ ✍ ✧ ✧ ✤ ✛ ✤ ✡
s
✣ ✡ ✎ ✚ ✤
s
☞ ✤
s
✍ ✧ ✤ ✦ ✦ ☞ ☛ ☞
s
✛
✦ ✍ ✢ ✜ ✤ ✡
s
❢ ✢ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✑ ☞ ✢ ✛
s ★
✎ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✦ ✧ ☞ ✣ ✤ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ☞ ✢ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✜ ☞ ☛
✛ ✜ ✍
s
✛ ✜ ☞
s ★
✎ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✦ ✢ ✤ ✕
s
✤ ✦ ✤ ✣ ✍
s
✛ ✦ ✤ ✕
★
☛ ☞ ✢ ✤
s
✍
s ✩
✡ ✦
✛ ✜ ☞
s ★
✎ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✧ ✧ ☞ ✧ ✡ ☛ ✢
★
✚ ✛ ☛ ✍ ✣ ✛ ☞ ✧
t
✓
❢ ✭
t
❚ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✲ ✳ ✴✵ ✶ ✯ ✯ ✰✰✷ ✰ ✷ ✹ ✳ ✶ ✳ ✲ ✺ ✯ ✷ ✹ ✻ ✺ ✼ ✽ ✯ ✰
✾ ✿ ✯ ❀ ✵ ✹ ✵ ✯ ❁ ✴✷ ✾ ✵ ❂ ✻ ✵ ✹ ✵ ❀ ✳ ✻ ✴ ✹ ✵ ❂ ✺ ✰ ✯ ✾ ❁ ✯ ✿ ✯ ✻ ❁ ✾ ✻ ✷ ✴
✷ ✻ ✲
♦
✷ ✻ ✻ ✽ ✺ ✴ ✳ ✲ ✾ ✷ ✷ ✻ ✴✮ ✯ ✻ ✺ ✼ ✽ ✯ ✰ ✵ ✴ ✾ ✯ ✲ ✹
❃
❋ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✱ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✍ ✣ ✣
★
☛ ✍ ✣
✩
✤
s
✎ ☞ ✍ ✢
★
☛ ☞ ✎ ☞
s
✛ ✡ ✦
✎ ✍ ✢ ✢ ✥ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✕ ✤ ✢
♠
✘ ✓ ✘ ✥ ✕
❄
✜ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✢ ✍
s
✡ ✛ ✜ ☞ ☛
✎ ☞ ✍ ✢
★
☛ ☞ ✎ ☞
s
✛ ✔ ✓ ✫ ✔ ✕ ✤ ✢ ✍ ✑ ✢ ✡ ✍ ✣ ✣
★
☛ ✍ ✛ ☞ ✛ ✡
♠
✘ ✓ ✘ ✥ ✕ ✓
❅ ✜ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✛ ✤
✪
☞ ☞ ☛ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✤
s
✥ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✕ ✤ ✢
❆
❢
♠
✘ ✓ ✘ ✥
❇
✥ ✓ ✘ ✒
t ×
✥ ✘ ✘
❈
❆ ♠
✥
❈
❙
✤ ✎ ✤ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✑
✩
✱ ✛ ✜ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✛ ✤
✪
☞ ☞ ☛ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✤
s
✔ ✓ ✫ ✔ ✕ ✤ ✢
❆
❢
♠
✘ ✓ ✘ ✥
❇
✔ ✓ ✫ ✔
t ×
✥ ✘ ✘
❈
❆ ♠
✘ ✓ ✥
❈
❋ ✤
s
✍ ✑ ✑
✩
✱ ☛ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✛ ✵ ✻ ✴✯ ✰ ✼ ✯ ❁ ✵ ✳ ✴✯ ✰ ✯ ✾ ✺ ✲ ✴✾ ✵ ✻
✳ ✼ ✺ ✲ ✴ ✵
❉
✾ ✴ ✯ ✿ ❀ ✷ ✼ ✿ ✺ ✴ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✻ ✾ ✮ ✷ ✺ ✲ ❁ ✽ ✯
❀ ✳ ✲ ❀ ✺ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✯ ❁ ✴✷ ✷ ✻ ✯ ✼ ✷ ✰ ✯ ✾ ✵ ❂ ✻ ✵ ✹ ✵ ❀ ✳ ✻ ✴ ✹ ✵ ❂ ✺ ✰ ✯ ✵ ✻
✯ ✶ ✯ ✰
♦
✼ ✯ ✳ ✾ ✺ ✰✯ ✼ ✯ ✻ ✴ ✴ ✮ ✳ ✻ ✴ ✮ ✯ ✻ ✺ ✼ ✽ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✹
❁ ✵ ❂ ✵ ✴ ✾ ✵ ✻ ✴ ✮ ✯ ✲ ✯ ✳ ✾ ✴ ✿ ✰✯ ❀ ✵ ✾ ✯ ✼ ✯ ✳ ✾ ✺ ✰✯ ✼ ✯ ✻ ✴
❃
❅ ✜ ☞ ✢ ☞ ✢ ✜ ✡
★
✑ ✧ ✚ ☞
❊ ★
✢ ✛ ✤ ✦ ✤ ☞ ✧ ✚
✩
✛ ✜ ☞ ✧ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✍
s
✧ ✛ ✜ ☞
s
✛ ✜ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✎ ☞ ✛ ✤ ✣ ✡ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✤ ✡
s
✢ ✎ ✍
✩
✚ ☞ ✣ ✍ ☛ ☛ ✤ ☞ ✧ ✡
★
✛
●
✡ ✛ ✜ ☞ ☛
❄
✤ ✢ ☞ ☛ ✡
★ s
✧ ✤
s
✕ ☞ ☛ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✢ ✣ ✍
s
✚
★
✤ ✑ ✧
★
✏ ✓ ❋ ✡ ☛
☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✱ ✛ ✜ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✣ ✤ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✣ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✦ ✔ ✓ ❛ ✫ ✱ ✣ ✍ ✑ ✣
★
✑ ✍ ✛ ☞ ✧ ❢ ✍ ✦ ✛ ☞ ☛
☛ ✡
★ s
✧ ✤
s
✕ ✡ ✦ ✦
t
✛ ✡ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✢ ✍ ✎ ☞
s ★
✎ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✦ ✢ ✤ ✕
s
✤ ✦ ✤ ✣ ✍
s
✛
✦ ✤ ✕
★
☛ ☞ ✢ ❢ ✛ ✜ ☛ ☞ ☞
t
✤ ✢ ✘ ✓ ✥ ✘ ✬ ✱ ✚
★
✛ ✛ ✜ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✣ ✤ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✣ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✦
✘ ✓ ✥ ✘ ✬ ✣ ✍ ✑ ✣
★
✑ ✍ ✛ ☞ ✧ ✛ ✡ ✛ ✜ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✢ ✤ ✕
s
✤ ✦ ✤ ✣ ✍
s
✛ ✦ ✤ ✕
★
☛ ☞ ✢ ✤ ✢
✔ ✓ ✙ ✒ ✓ ❍ ✡
❄
☞
✪
☞ ☛ ✱ ✤ ✦
❄
☞ ✜ ✍ ✧
❄
☛ ✤ ✛ ✛ ☞
s
✥
❇
✔ ✓ ❛ ✫
❆
✘ ✓ ✥ ✘ ✬ ✬
✍
s
✧ ✛ ✜ ☞
s
✛ ✍
■
☞
s
✛ ✜ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✣ ✤ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✣ ✍ ✑ ✛ ✡ ✛ ✜ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✢ ✤ ✕
s
✤ ✦ ✤ ✣ ✍
s
✛
✦ ✤ ✕
★
☛ ☞ ✢ ✱
❄
☞
❄
✡
★
✑ ✧ ✜ ✍
✪
☞ ☛ ☞ ✛ ☛ ✤ ☞
✪
☞ ✧ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✤ ✕ ✤
s
✍ ✑
✪
✍ ✑
★
☞ ✡ ✦ ✔ ✓ ❛ ✫ ✓
❅ ✜ ✤ ✢ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ☞
❊ ★
✢ ✛ ✤ ✦ ✤ ☞ ✢ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✤ ✧ ☞ ✍ ✛ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✛ ✍ ✤
s
✡
s
☞
✎ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✛ ☛ ✍ ✧ ✤ ✕ ✤ ✛ ❢ ✛ ✜ ✍
s
✛ ✜ ☞
s ★
✎ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✦ ✧ ✤ ✕ ✤ ✛ ✢ ✤
s
✛ ✜ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✍ ✢ ✛ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✣ ✤ ✢ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✢
★
☛ ☞ ✎ ☞
s
✛
t
✤
s
✤
s
✛ ☞ ☛ ✎ ☞ ✧ ✤ ✍ ✛ ☞
✢ ✛ ☞ ✏ ✢ ✡ ✦ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✣ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✎
★
✑ ✛ ✤ ❏ ✢ ✛ ☞ ✏ ✣ ✍ ✑ ✣
★
✑ ✍ ✛ ✤ ✡
s
✢ ✤
s
✡ ☛ ✧ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✡ ✍
✪
✡ ✤ ✧ ✍ ✧ ✧ ✤ ✛ ✤ ✡
s
✍ ✑ ☞ ☛ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✢ ✤
s
✛ ✜ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✣ ☞ ✢ ✢
✡ ✦ ☛ ✡
★ s
✧ ✤
s
✕ ✡ ✦ ✦ ✛ ✜ ☞
s ★
✎ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✢ ✓
❑
❃
▲ ▼ ◆ ❖ P ◗❘ ◆ ❱ ◗ ❘ ❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❘ ◆ ❬❭ ❪ Q❫❭ ◗ ❚ ◆ ❚ ◆ P ❘
❅ ✜ ☞
s
✍ ✛
★
☛ ☞ ✡ ✦ ✍ ✏ ✜
✩
✢ ✤ ✣ ✍ ✑
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛
✩
✤ ✢ ✧ ☞ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✤ ✚ ☞ ✧
✚
✩
✤ ✛ ✢ ✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✢ ✓
❜
✑ ✑ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✏ ✜
✩
✢ ✤ ✣ ✍ ✑
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛ ✤ ☞ ✢
☛ ☞ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✢ ☞
s
✛ ☞ ✧ ✚
✩
✧ ☞ ☛ ✤
✪
☞ ✧
★ s
✤ ✛ ✢ ✣ ✍
s
✚ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✢ ✢ ☞ ✧
✤
s
✛ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✢ ✡ ✦ ✢ ✡ ✎ ☞ ✣ ✡ ✎ ✚ ✤
s
✍ ✛ ✤ ✡
s
✡ ✦ ✢ ☞
✪
☞
s
✦
★ s
✧ ✍ ✎ ☞
s
✛ ✍ ✑ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✍ ✢ ☞
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛ ✤ ☞ ✢ ✓
❵
☞ ✢ ✜ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✣ ✍ ✑ ✑
✛ ✜ ☞ ✢ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✢ ☞
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛ ✤ ☞ ✢ ✍ ✢ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✢ ☞
✪
☞
s
✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✢
✡ ✦ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✏ ✜
✩
✢ ✤ ✣ ✍ ✑
❄
✡ ☛ ✑ ✧ ✱
❄
✜ ✤ ✣ ✜ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✧ ☞
s
✡ ✛ ☞ ✧
❄
✤ ✛ ✜
✢
❴ ★
✍ ☛ ☞ ✚ ☛ ✍ ✣
■
☞ ✛ ✢ ❝ ❞ ✓ ❅ ✜
★
✢ ✱ ✑ ☞
s
✕ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✍ ✢ ✛ ✜ ☞
✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
❝ ❡ ❞ ✱ ✎ ✍ ✢ ✢ ❝ ❣ ❞ ✱ ✛ ✤ ✎ ☞ ❝ ❅ ❞ ✱ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✣ ✛ ☛ ✤ ✣ ✣
★
☛ ☛ ☞
s
✛
❝
❜
❞ ✱ ✛ ✜ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✡ ✧
✩ s
✍ ✎ ✤ ✣ ✛ ☞ ✎ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✛
★
☛ ☞ ❝ ❤ ❞ ✱ ✑
★
✎ ✤
s
✡
★
✢
✤
s
✛ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✛
✩
❝ ✣ ✧ ❞ ✱ ✍
s
✧ ✍ ✎ ✡
★ s
✛ ✡ ✦ ✢
★
✚ ✢ ✛ ✍
s
✣ ☞ ❝ ✎ ✡ ✑ ❞ ✓
❚ ✮ ✯ ❁ ✵ ✼ ✯ ✻ ✾ ✵ ✷ ✻ ✾ ✷ ✹ ✳ ✿ ✮
♦
✾ ✵ ❀ ✳ ✲ ✐ ✺ ✳ ✻ ✴✵ ✴
♦
✳ ✰ ✯ ✴ ✮ ✯
✿ ✷ ♣ ✯ ✰✾ ❥ ✷ ✰ ✯ ❦ ✿ ✷ ✻ ✯ ✻ ✴ ✾ ❧ ✴ ✷ ♣ ✮ ✵ ❀ ✮ ✴✮ ✯ ✽ ✳ ✾ ✯
✐ ✺ ✳ ✻ ✴ ✵ ✴ ✵ ✯ ✾ ✳ ✰ ✯ ✰ ✳ ✵ ✾ ✯ ❁ ✴ ✷ ✰ ✯ ✿ ✰ ✯ ✾ ✯ ✻ ✴ ✴ ✮ ✳ ✴
✐ ✺ ✳ ✻ ✴✵ ✴
♦
✓ ♥✡ ✛ ☞ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✛
★
✢ ✤
s
✕ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✢
❴ ★
✍ ☛ ☞ ✚ ☛ ✍ ✣
■
☞ ✛ ✢
❝ ❞ ☛ ✡
★ s
✧ ✍
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛
✩
✎ ☞ ✍
s
✢ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✛
❄
☞ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✧ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✤
s
✕
❄
✤ ✛ ✜ ✇ ✴✮ ✯ ❁ ✵ ✼ ✯ ✻ ✾ ✵ ✷ ✻ ✾ ✷ ✹ ➆ ✛ ✜ ☞
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛
✩
✓
q
s
✎ ☞ ✣ ✜ ✍
s
✤ ✣ ✢ ✱ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✏ ✜
✩
✢ ✤ ✣ ✍ ✑
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛ ✤ ☞ ✢ ✣ ✍
s
✚ ☞
❄
☛ ✤ ✛ ✛ ☞
s
✤
s
✛ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✢ ✡ ✦ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✢ ❝ ❡ ❞ ✱ ❝ ❣ ❞
✍
s
✧ ❝ ❅ ❞ ✓ ❋ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✱ ✛ ✜ ☞
✪
✡ ✑
★
✎ ☞ ✡ ✣ ✣
★
✏ ✤ ☞ ✧ ✚
✩
✍
s
✡ ✚
❊
☞ ✣ ✛ ✤ ✢ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✢ ✢ ☞ ✧ ✍ ✢ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✧
★
✣ ✛ ✡ ✦ ✑ ☞
s
✕ ✛ ✜ ✱
✚ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✧ ✛ ✜ ✍
s
✧ ✜ ☞ ✤ ✕ ✜ ✛ ✱ ✡ ☛ ✛ ✜ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✑ ☞
s
✕ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✓ ❍ ☞
s
✣ ☞ ✛ ✜ ☞
✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✢ ✡ ✦
✪
✡ ✑
★
✎ ☞ ✍ ☛ ☞ ❝ ❡ ❞
r
❝ ❡ ❞
r
❝ ❡ ❞
❆
❝ ❡ ❞
✉
❆
❝ ❡
✉
❞ ✓
❜
✢ ✛ ✜ ☞
✪
✡ ✑
★
✎ ☞ ✤ ✢ ✤
s
✧ ☞ ✏ ☞
s
✧ ☞
s
✛ ✡ ✦ ✎ ✍ ✢ ✢ ✍
s
✧ ✛ ✤ ✎ ☞ ✱
✤ ✛ ✤ ✢ ✢ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✛ ✡ ✏ ✡ ✢ ✢ ☞ ✢ ✢
✈
☞ ☛ ✡ ✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✤
s
✎ ✍ ✢ ✢ ❝ ❣
①
❞ ✱
✈
☞ ☛ ✡ ✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✤
s
✛ ✤ ✎ ☞ ❝ ❅
①
❞ ✍
s
✧ ✛ ✜ ☛ ☞ ☞
✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✢ ✤
s
✑ ☞
s
✕ ✛ ✜ ✓
❙
✤ ✎ ✤ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✑
✩
✱ ✦ ✡ ☛ ✣ ☞ ✱ ✍ ✢ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✧
★
✣ ✛ ✡ ✦ ✎ ✍ ✢ ✢ ✍
s
✧
✍ ✣ ✣ ☞ ✑ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✤ ✡
s
✱ ✣ ✍
s
✚ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✢ ✢ ☞ ✧ ✍ ✢
❋ ✡ ☛ ✣ ☞
❆
✎ ✍ ✢ ✢
r
✍ ✣ ✣ ☞ ✑ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✤ ✡
s
❆
✎ ✍ ✢ ✢
r
❢ ✑ ☞
s
✕ ✛ ✜
t ❇
❢ ✛ ✤ ✎ ☞
t
②
❅ ✜ ☞ ✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✢ ✡ ✦ ✦ ✡ ☛ ✣ ☞ ✍ ☛ ☞ ❝ ❣ ❞ ❝ ❡ ❞
❇
❝ ❅ ❞
②
❆
❝ ❣ ❡ ❅
➊ ③
❞ ✓ ❅ ✜
★
✢ ✱ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✦ ✡ ☛ ✣ ☞ ✜ ✍ ✢ ✡
s
☞ ✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✤
s
✎ ✍ ✢ ✢ ✱ ✡
s
☞ ✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✤
s
✑ ☞
s
✕ ✛ ✜ ✱ ✍
s
✧ ✖ ✒
✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✢ ✤
s
✛ ✤ ✎ ☞ ✓ ❅ ✜ ☞ ✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✢ ✤
s
✍ ✑ ✑ ✡ ✛ ✜ ☞ ☛
✚ ✍ ✢ ☞
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛ ✤ ☞ ✢ ✍ ☛ ☞
✈
☞ ☛ ✡ ✓
♥✡ ✛ ☞ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✛ ✤
s
✛ ✜ ✤ ✢ ✛
✩
✏ ☞ ✡ ✦ ☛ ☞ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✢ ☞
s
✛ ✍ ✛ ✤ ✡
s
✱ ✛ ✜ ☞
✎ ✍ ✕
s
✤ ✛
★
✧ ☞ ✢ ✍ ☛ ☞
s
✡ ✛ ✣ ✡
s
✢ ✤ ✧ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✧ ✓ q ✛ ✤ ✢ ✛ ✜ ☞
❴ ★
✍ ✑ ✤ ✛
✩
✡ ✦ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✛
✩
✏ ☞ ✡ ✦ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✏ ✜
✩
✢ ✤ ✣ ✍ ✑
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛
✩
✛ ✜ ✍ ✛ ☞
s
✛ ☞ ☛ ✢ ✓
❅ ✜
★
✢ ✱ ✍ ✣ ✜ ✍
s
✕ ☞ ✤
s ✪
☞ ✑ ✡ ✣ ✤ ✛
✩
✱ ✤
s
✤ ✛ ✤ ✍ ✑
✪
☞ ✑ ✡ ✣ ✤ ✛
✩
✱
✍
✪
☞ ☛ ✍ ✕ ☞
✪
☞ ✑ ✡ ✣ ✤ ✛
✩
✱ ✦ ✤
s
✍ ✑
✪
☞ ✑ ✡ ✣ ✤ ✛
✩
✱ ✍
s
✧ ✢ ✏ ☞ ☞ ✧ ✍ ☛ ☞
✍ ✑ ✑ ☞
❴ ★
✤
✪
✍ ✑ ☞
s
✛ ✤
s
✛ ✜ ✤ ✢ ✣ ✡
s
✛ ☞ ✌ ✛ ✓
❙
✤
s
✣ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✢ ☞
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛ ✤ ☞ ✢ ✣ ✍
s
✚ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✢ ✢ ☞ ✧ ✍ ✢ ✑ ☞
s
✕ ✛ ✜
❇
✛ ✤ ✎ ☞ ✱
✛ ✜ ☞ ✤ ☛ ✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✢ ✍ ☛ ☞ ❝ ❡ ❞
❇
❝ ❅ ❞ ✡ ☛ ❝ ❡ ❅
④ ⑤
❞ ✓
❑
❃
⑥ ▼ ◆ ❖ P ◗ ❘ ◆ ❱ ◗ ❭ ❪ ❲ ❱ ⑦ ❖ ❫ ❪ ❭ P ❭ ◗ ▼
▼ ◆ ❖ P ◗ ❘ ◆ ❱ ◗ ❭ ❪ P
Q
❫❭ ❚ ◆ ❱ ◗❘
❅ ✜ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✡
s ❄
✜ ✤ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✡
❄
✢ ✜ ✡
❄
✍
s
✧
❄
✜ ✤ ✣ ✜ ✡ ✦
✛ ✜ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✢ ☞
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛ ✤ ☞ ✢ ☛ ☞ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✢ ☞
s
✛ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✢
✡ ✦ ✍ ✏ ✜
✩
✢ ✤ ✣ ✍ ✑
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛
✩
✤ ✢ ✣ ✍ ✑ ✑ ☞ ✧ ✛ ✜ ☞ ⑧ ⑨⑩ ❶ ❷ ❸ ⑨❹ ❷ ❺ ❻
❼ ❹ ❽ ⑩ ❾ ❻❺ ✡ ✦ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✕ ✤
✪
☞
s
✏ ✜
✩
✢ ✤ ✣ ✍ ✑
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛
✩
✓ ❋ ✡ ☛
☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✱ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✍ ✑ ✦ ✡ ☛ ✎
★
✑ ✍ ✡ ✦ ✛ ✜ ☞
✪
✡ ✑
★
✎ ☞
✤ ✢ ❝ ❣
①
❡
✉
❅
①
❞ ✱ ✍
s
✧ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✛ ✡ ✦ ✢ ✏ ☞ ☞ ✧ ✡ ☛
✪
☞ ✑ ✡ ✣ ✤ ✛
✩
✤ ✢
❝ ❣
①
❡ ❅
❿ ⑤
❞ ✓
❙
✤ ✎ ✤ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✑
✩
✱ ❝ ❣
①
❡ ❅
④
②
❞ ✤ ✢ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✍ ✑
✦ ✡ ☛ ✎
★
✑ ✍ ✡ ✦ ✍ ✣ ✣ ☞ ✑ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✤ ✡
s
✍
s
✧ ❝ ❣ ❡
④
✉
❅
①
❞ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✛ ✡ ✦
✎ ✍ ✢ ✢ ✧ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✛
✩
✓
❜ s
☞
❴ ★
✍ ✛ ✤ ✡
s
✡ ✚ ✛ ✍ ✤
s
☞ ✧ ✚
✩
☞
❴ ★
✍ ✛ ✤
s
✕ ✍ ✏ ✜
✩
✢ ✤ ✣ ✍ ✑
❴ ★
✍
s
✛ ✤ ✛
✩ ❄
✤ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✢ ✧ ✤ ✎ ☞
s
✢ ✤ ✡
s
✍ ✑ ✦ ✡ ☛ ✎
★
✑ ✍ ✤ ✢ ✣ ✍ ✑ ✑ ☞ ✧
✛ ✜ ☞ ❁ ✵ ✼ ✯ ✻ ✾ ✵ ✷ ✻ ✳ ✲ ✯ ✐ ✺ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✻ ✡ ✦ ✛ ✜ ☞ ✏ ✜
✩
✢ ✤ ✣ ✍ ✑
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✸ ✆
q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✝ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✞ ✕ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✞ ✖ ✑
✠ ✍ ✑ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✏
t
✍ ✡
✗
✍ ✖ ✑
✘
✖ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎
✔
♦
✞
✘
✍ ☛ ✎ ✡
✗
✞ ✕ q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✎ ✔
♦
✠ ✍ ✑
✙
✞ ✎ ✑
q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✚ ✔ ✖ ✑ ✛ ✞ ✓
✘
✕ ✑ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✞ ✕
✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✔
♦ ❡
✔ ✕ ✝ ✓ ✑
✜ ❱ ❪
✏ ✎
✘
✑ ✑ ✒
✜ ✈ ❪
✏
♦
✔ ✖
✗
✑
✜ ❋ ❪
✞ ✟ ✒
✓ ✞ ✎ ✎ ✒ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✠ ☛
✜
✢
❪
✓ ✞ ☛
✙
✑ ✑ ✛
✘
✖ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✞ ✎
✜ ❱ ❪
✣
✜
✤
✵
✥
✦
✌
✵
❪
✜ ✈ ❪
✣
✜
✤
✵
✥ ✌
➊ ✧
❪
✜ ❋ ❪
✣
✜
✤ ✥ ✌
➊
★
❪
✜
✢
❪
✣
✜
✤ ✥
➊ ✦
✌
✵
❪
✌ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✞ ✕ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟
✗
✞ ✟
✙
✑ ✔
✙
✠ ✞ ✡ ✟ ✑ ✒
♦
✖ ✔ ✓ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✖ ✑
✘
✖ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✟ ❢ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✑ ✕ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎
✙
✑ ✠
t
✑ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✑
✘
✍ ☛ ✎ ✡
✗
✞ ✕ q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✑
✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✞ ✕
♦
✔ ✖ ✓ ✝ ✕ ✞ ✑ ✔
♦
✞ ✕ ✞ ✖ ❢ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✓
✙
✑ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✒
t
✡ ✒ ✑
❡
✞ ✖ ✡ ✑ ✠ ☛ ✔
♦ ✘
✍ ☛ ✎ ✡
✗
✞ ✕ q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✖ ✡
❡
✑ ✒
♦
✖ ✔ ✓
✠ ✍ ✑ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✖ ✑
✘
✖ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✟ ❢ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✑ ✕ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✍ ✡
✘
✎
✞ ✓ ✔ ✟ ❢ ✔ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖
✘
✍ ☛ ✎ ✡
✗
✞ ✕ q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✞ ✟ ✒ ✑ ✛
✘
✖ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✑ ✒
✡ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✎ ✔
♦ ✙
✞ ✎ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✞ ✖ ✑ ❢ ✡
❡
✑ ✟ ✡ ✟
❆
✘ ✘
✑ ✟ ✒ ✡ ✛ ✩
♦
✔ ✖ ☛ ✔ ✝ ✖ ❢ ✝ ✡ ✒ ✞ ✟
✗
✑ ✞ ✟ ✒ ✖ ✑ ✞ ✒ ☛
✖ ✑
♦
✑ ✖ ✑ ✟
✗
✑ ☞
✷ ✪ ✫ ✬ ❉ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✭ ✲ ✰ ✳ ✴ ✳ ✰ ✳ ✴ ✶ ✱ ✭ ✱ ✳ ✰ ❉ ✭ ✹ ✱
✳
✺ ✺
✴ ✭
✻
✳ ✹ ✭ ✲ ✰✱
✌ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✑
✗
✔ ❢ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✔
♦ ✗
✔ ✟
✗
✑
✘
✠ ✎ ✔
♦
✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✏
t
✍ ✡
✗
✍
❢ ✝ ✡ ✒ ✑ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✎
✗
✖ ✡
✘
✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✔
♦ ✘
✍ ☛ ✎ ✡
✗
✞ ✕
✙
✑ ✍ ✞
❡
✡ ✔ ✝ ✖ ✡ ✎
✔
♦ ✙
✞ ✎ ✡
✗
✡ ✓
✘
✔ ✖ ✠ ✞ ✟
✗
✑ ✞ ✎ ✔ ✟ ✕ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✔ ✎ ✑
✘
✍ ☛ ✎ ✡
✗
✞ ✕
q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎
✗
✞ ✟
✙
✑ ✞ ✒ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✎ ✝
✙
✠ ✖ ✞
✗
✠ ✑ ✒
t
✍ ✡
✗
✍
✍ ✞
❡
✑ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ☞ ❆ ✠ ✍ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✝ ❢ ✍
✝ ✟ ✒ ✑ ✖ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✒ ✡ ✟ ❢ ✔
♦
✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✞ ✕ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✕ ☛ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✕
✘
✎ ✝ ✎
✡ ✟ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✝
✗
✡ ✟ ❢
✗
✑ ✖ ✠ ✞ ✡ ✟ ✖ ✑ ✕ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✔ ✟ ❢ ✒ ✡
♦ ♦
✑ ✖ ✑ ✟ ✠
✘
✍ ☛ ✎ ✡
✗
✞ ✕ q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✞ ✟ ✒
✗
✍ ✑
✗ ♣
✡ ✟ ❢ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✖ ✡
❡
✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✏
✞
✗ ✗
✝ ✖ ✞
✗
☛ ✞ ✟ ✒ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✞ ✕
✗
✔ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✟
✗
☛ ✔ ✖
✍ ✔ ✓ ✔ ❢ ✑ ✟ ✑ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✔
♦ ❡
✞ ✖ ✡ ✔ ✝ ✎ ✓ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✞ ✠ ✡
✗
✞ ✕
✑ ✛
✘
✖ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ☞
✼
✍ ✑ ✟ ✓ ✞ ❢ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✔
♦
✠
t
✔ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✑
✘
✍ ☛ ✎ ✡
✗
✞ ✕ q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✞ ✖ ✑ ✓ ✝ ✕ ✠ ✡
✘
✕ ✡ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✖ ✝ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✎
✎ ✍ ✔ ✝ ✕ ✒
✙
✑ ✠ ✖ ✑ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✟ ✑ ✖ ✞ ✎
✔ ✖ ✒ ✡ ✟ ✞ ✖ ☛ ✞ ✕ ❢ ✑
✙
✖ ✞ ✡
✗
✎ ☛ ✓
✙
✔ ✕ ✎ ☞
✼
✑
✗
✞ ✟
✗
✞ ✟
✗
✑ ✕
✡ ✒ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✡
✗
✞ ✕ ✝ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✓ ✑ ✖ ✞ ✠ ✔ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✒
✒ ✑ ✟ ✔ ✓ ✡ ✟ ✞ ✠ ✔ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✑ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✖ ✝ ✑
♦
✔ ✖ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎
✔
♦
✞
✘
✍ ☛ ✎ ✡
✗
✞ ✕ q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☛ ☞
✽
✡ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✞ ✖ ✕ ☛ ✏
✘
✍ ☛ ✎ ✡
✗
✞ ✕
q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✖ ✑
✘
✖ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✒
✙
☛ ✎ ☛ ✓
✙
✔ ✕ ✎ ✔ ✟
✙
✔ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✒ ✑ ✎
✔
♦
✞ ✓ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✞ ✠ ✡
✗
✞ ✕ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✓ ✝ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✞
❡
✑ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✑
✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ☞
✷ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✪ ✫
✻ ❈ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❈ ✾
❉
❁ ❅ ✾ ❂ ❇ ❁ ❊ ❂ ● ❍
✻ ❊ ❂ ❇ ❁ ❇ ❄✾ ❂ ✿
■
❊
❏ ✯ ❑ ▲
● ❄❁ ❊ ❂ ❇
✌ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✞ ❢ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✔
♦ ✘
✍ ☛ ✎ ✡
✗
✞ ✕ q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✞ ☛
✙
✑
✞ ✒ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✠ ✔ ❢ ✑ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✔ ✖ ✎ ✝
✙
✠ ✖ ✞
✗
✠ ✑ ✒
♦
✖ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✟ ✑ ✞ ✟ ✔ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖
✔ ✟ ✕ ☛ ✡
♦
✠ ✍ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✞
❡
✑ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ☞ ▼ ✟ ✔ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖
t
✔ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✏
t
✑
✗
✞ ✟ ✞ ✒ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✎ ✝
✙
✠ ✖ ✞
✗
✠ ✎ ✡ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✞ ✖
✘
✍ ☛ ✎ ✡
✗
✞ ✕
q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✝ ✎ ✏
❡
✑ ✕ ✔
✗
✡ ✠ ☛
✗
✞ ✟ ✟ ✔ ✠
✙
✑ ✞ ✒ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✠ ✔
♦
✔ ✖
✗
✑ ✏ ✔ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✑ ✕ ✑
✗
✠ ✖ ✡
✗ ✗
✝ ✖ ✖ ✑ ✟ ✠
✗
✞ ✟ ✟ ✔ ✠
✙
✑ ✎ ✝
✙
✠ ✖ ✞
✗
✠ ✑ ✒
♦
✖ ✔ ✓ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✒ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✓ ✡
✗
✠ ✑ ✓
✘
✑ ✖ ✞ ✠ ✝ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✎
✎ ✡ ✓
✘
✕ ✑
✘
✖ ✡ ✟
✗
✡
✘
✕ ✑
✗
✞ ✕ ✕ ✑ ✒
❄ ❈ ✾ ◆ ❖ ❁ ❂ ✿ ❁ ◆ ❍ ✾ ❊
❏
❈ ❊ ❅ ❊ ❃ ✾ ❂ ✾ ❁ ❄
■
❊
❏
❤ ❁ ❅ ✾ ❂ ❇ ❁ ❊ ❂ ❇
✡ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✡ ✎
✑ ✛ ✠ ✖ ✑ ✓ ✑ ✕ ☛ ✝ ✎ ✑
♦
✝ ✕ ✡ ✟
✗
✍ ✑
✗ ♣
✡ ✟ ❢ ✠ ✍ ✑
✗
✔ ✖ ✖ ✑
✗
✠ ✟ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✔
♦
✞ ✟ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ☞ ▼
♦
✠ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✔
♦
✞ ✕ ✕ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✠ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✎
✞ ✖ ✑ ✟ ✔ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✑ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✡ ✎
t
✖ ✔ ✟ ❢ ☞
❛
✑ ✟
✗
✑ ✏ ✡
♦
t
✑ ✒ ✑ ✖ ✡
❡
✑ ✞ ✟ ✑ ✛
✘
✖ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟
♦
✔ ✖ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✕ ✑ ✟ ❢ ✠ ✍
✇
✔ ✖
✒ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✟
✗
✑
❞
✔
♦
✞ ✟ ✔
✙ ◗
✑
✗
✠ ✏ ✖ ✑ ❢ ✞ ✖ ✒ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✔
♦
✠ ✍ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✓
✙
✔ ✕ ✎
✞
✘ ✘
✑ ✞ ✖ ✡ ✟ ❢ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✔ ✖ ✡ ❢ ✡ ✟ ✞ ✕ ✓ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✞ ✠ ✡
✗
✞ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✕ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✏
t
✍ ✑ ✟ ✞ ✕ ✕ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✟ ✒ ✡
❡
✡ ✒ ✝ ✞ ✕ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✞ ✖ ✑
✎ ✡ ✓
✘
✕ ✡
♦
✡ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✑ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✟ ✡ ✟ ❢ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✓ ✝ ✎ ✠
✙
✑
✠ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✔
♦
✕ ✑ ✟ ❢ ✠ ✍ ☞
✽
✡ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✞ ✖ ✕ ☛ ✏ ✡
♦ t
✑ ✒ ✑ ✖ ✡
❡
✑ ✞ ✟ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟
✔
♦
✎
✘
✑ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✔ ✟
✙
✔ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✡ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✔
♦
✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✏
t
✍ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✓
✘
✕ ✡
♦
✡ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✝ ✎ ✠
✙
✑ ✔
♦
✕ ✑ ✟ ❢ ✠ ✍
❘
✠ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✏ ✔ ✖
✜
✥ ✌
➊ ✧
❪
☞
❙ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✞ ✖ ✑
✗
✝ ✎ ✠ ✔ ✓ ✞ ✖ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✝ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✞ ✎ ✞
✘
✖ ✑ ✕ ✡ ✓ ✡ ✟ ✞ ✖ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✎ ✠ ✔
♦
✠ ✍ ✑
✗
✔ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✟
✗
☛ ✔
♦
✞ ✟
✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✏
t
✍ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✑ ✡ ✎ ✎ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✝
✙
✠ ✞
✙
✔ ✝ ✠ ✠ ✍ ✑
✗
✔ ✖ ✖ ✑
✗
✠ ✟ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✔
♦
✠ ✍ ✑ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ☞
❛
✔
t
✑
❡
✑ ✖ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✑
✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✞ ✕
✗
✔ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✟
✗
☛ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✎ ✟ ✔ ✠ ❢ ✝ ✞ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✑
✗
✔ ✖ ✖ ✑
✗
✠ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ☞ ▼ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✝ ✟
✗
✑ ✖ ✠ ✞ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✔ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✛ ✠ ✑ ✟ ✠
✔
♦
✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✎ q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✖
♦
✝ ✟
✗
✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✑
✞ ✖ ❢ ✝ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✎ ✔
♦
✎
✘
✑
✗
✡ ✞ ✕
♦
✝ ✟
✗
✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✝
✗
✍ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✑
✠ ✖ ✡ ❢ ✔ ✟ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✡
✗
✏ ✕ ✔ ❢ ✞ ✖ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✡
✗
✞ ✟ ✒ ✑ ✛
✘
✔ ✟ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✞ ✕
♦
✝ ✟
✗
✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✓ ✝ ✎ ✠
✙
✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✎ ☞ ❆
✘
✝ ✖ ✑
✟ ✝ ✓
✙
✑ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✔
♦
✎ ✡ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✞ ✖
✘
✍ ☛ ✎ ✡
✗
✞ ✕ q ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✏
✎ ✝
✗
✍ ✞ ✎ ✞ ✟ ❢ ✕ ✑ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔
✇
✕ ✑ ✟ ❢ ✠ ✍
❘
✕ ✑ ✟ ❢ ✠ ✍
❞
✏
✖ ✑
♦
✖ ✞
✗
✠ ✡
❡
✑ ✡ ✟ ✒ ✑ ✛ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔
✇
✎
✘
✑ ✑ ✒ ✔
♦
✕ ✡ ❢ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟
❡
✞
✗
✝ ✝ ✓
❘
✎
✘
✑ ✑ ✒ ✔
♦
✕ ✡ ❢ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✝ ✓
❞
✑ ✠
✗
☞ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✟ ✔
✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ☞
❚ ✔
t t
✑
✗
✞ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✎ ✠ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✞ ✕
✗
✔ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✟
✗
☛
✔ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✓ ✔ ❢ ✑ ✟ ✑ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✔
♦
✠ ✍ ✑ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟
❯ ❲
❳
❨ ❩ ❬
❭ ❭
① ① ❫ ❴ ❵ ❴❜ ❝ ❝
♦
✔ ✖ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✟
✗
✑
❣
✠ ✖ ✞
❡
✑ ✕ ✕ ✑ ✒
✙
☛ ✞
✘
✞ ✖ ✠ ✡
✗
✕ ✑ ✔ ✖
✙
✔ ✒ ☛
✡ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✓ ✑
✐ t
✍ ✡
✗
✍ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✖ ✠ ✎
♦
✖ ✔ ✓ ✠ ✍ ✑
✘
✔ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟
❣
❥
t
✡ ✠ ✍
✞ ✟ ✡ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✞ ✕
❡
✑ ✕ ✔
✗
✡ ✠ ☛
✈
❥
✞ ✠ ✠ ✡ ✓ ✑
✐
✣
❦
✞ ✟ ✒ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✝ ✟ ✡
♦
✔ ✖ ✓
✞
✗ ✗
✑ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟
❧
✞ ✕ ✔ ✟ ❢ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✖ ✑
✗
✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✔
♦
✓ ✔ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ☞
✌ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✔
♦
✑ ✞
✗
✍ ✠ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✞ ☛
✙
✑
t
✖ ✡ ✠ ✠ ✑ ✟ ✞ ✎
✜ ❣ ❪
✣
✜
✥
❪
✜ ❣
❥
❪
✣
✜
✥
❪
✜ ✈
❥
✐ ❪
✣
✜
✥ ✌
➊ ✧
❪ ✜
✌
❪
✣
✜
✥
❪
✜ ✇
♠
❘
♥
❞ ❧ ✐
★
❪
✣
✜
✥ ✌
➊
★
❪ ✜
✌
★
❪
✣
✜
✥
❪
❆ ✎ ✑ ✞
✗
✍ ✠ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✡ ❢ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✟ ✒ ✎ ✡ ✒ ✑ ✔
♦
✠ ✍ ✡ ✎
✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✏ ✟ ✞ ✓ ✑ ✕ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✠
✔
♦
✕ ✑ ✟ ❢ ✠ ✍ ✏
t
✍ ✡
✗
✍ ✡ ✎ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✑ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✔
♦
✕ ✑
♦
✠ ✍ ✞ ✟ ✒ ✎ ✡ ✒ ✑ ✔
♦
✠ ✍ ✑ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✟
✗
✑ ✠ ✍ ✡ ✎
✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✞ ✕ ✕ ☛
✗
✔ ✖ ✖ ✑
✗
✠ ✑ q ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✟ ☞
▼ ✠ ✓ ✞ ☛
✙
✑ ✟ ✔ ✠ ✑ ✒ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✎ ✠ ✔
♦ ✗
✔ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✟
✗
☛ ✔
♦
✒ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✕ ✎ ✝ ✎ ✟ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✑ ✞ ✟ ✒ ✟ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✟ ✞
❯   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎   ✆ ✝ ✞ ☎ ✄ ❯ ✟ ✞ ✝ ✞   ✂ ✸ ✸
✠
✠
✠
t ✡ ☛ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☛ t ✡ ✎ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✎ ✏ t ☛ ✓ ✔ ✒ t ✕ ✖ ☛ t ✕ ✡
✖ ❛ ✗ ✖ ✎ t ✖ ✘ ✡ t ✕ ✖ t ✙ ✡ ✎ ✡ ✡ ❛ ✎ ☞ t ✍ ☞ ✚ ✚ ✏ t ☞ ✒ ✛ ☛ ✡ ✜ ✗ ✡ ☛
t ☞ ✖ ✢ ✖ ✛ t ✏ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✖ ✛ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✎ ✏ t ☛ ✓ ✖ ✎ ❛ ✙ ✡ ✎ ✡ ✡ ❛ ✎ ☞ t
✙ ☞ ✛ ✛ ✑ ✖ ✔ ☞ ✒ t ✍ ☞ ✎ ✗ ✡ ✛ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✖ ✚ ☞ ✎ ✘ ✚ ✒ ✜ t ✏ ✢ ✜ ✡ ☛ ✖ ✎ ❛
☛ ✒ ✔ s ✚ ✒ ✜ t ✏ ✢ ✜ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ t ✕ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✏ t ☛ ✣ ✤ t ✚ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✡ ✔ ☞ ✛ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✎
✚ ✏ ✎ ❛ t ✕ ✖ t ✐ ✥ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✦ ✫ ✐ ✬ ✧ ✥ ✦ ✐ ✭ ✮ ✫✯ ✐ ✮ ✰ ✬ ✧ ✮ ✐ ✮ ✫★ ✧ ✰ ✱
✫★ ✮ ✫✲ ✐ ✫ ✐ ✮ ✳ ✴ ✬ ✵ ★ ✶ ✷ ✴ ✬ ✧ ✹ ✲ ✺ ✪ ✫ ✐ ✥ ✐ ✫ ✳ ✦ ✮ ✮ ★ ✮ ✲ ✐ ✫ ✐ ✮
✧ ✬ ✫ ✳ ✴ ✬ ✵ ★ ✶ ✴ ✐ ✹ ✯ ✫ ♥ ✻ ✯ ✪ ✮ ✲ ✦ ✶ ✐ ✼ ★ ✧ ✮ ✐ ✬ ✧ ✦ ✭ ✭ ✱ ✰ ✬ ✴ ✴ ★ ✰ ✫
★ ✩ ✪ ✦ ✫ ✐ ✬ ✧ ✧ ★ ★ ✶ ✧ ✬ ✫ ✺ ★ ✦ ✰ ✫ ✪ ✦ ✭ ✭ ✱ ✦ ✧ ★ ❡ ✦ ✰ ✫
✽ ✰ ✬ ✴✴★ ✰ ✫❝ ★ ✩ ✪ ✦ ✫✐ ✬ ✧ ✲ ✺ ✪ ✫ ✦ ✶ ✐ ✼ ★ ✧ ✮ ✐ ✬ ✧ ✦ ✭ ✭ ✱ ✷ ✴ ✬ ✧ ✹
✽ ✐ ✧ ✰ ✬ ✴ ✴ ★ ✰ ✫ ❝ ✬ ✴ ✐ ✧ ✰ ✬ ✧ ✮ ✐ ✮ ✫ ★ ✧ ✫ ★ ✩ ✪ ✦ ✫✐ ✬ ✧ ✼ ✪ ✮ ✫ ✺ ★
✷ ✴ ✬ ✧ ✹ ✣
❊ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❆ ❇ ▲ ✡ t ✒ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ❛ ✡ ✛ ✖ ✎ ✡ ❈ ✒ ✖ t ✏ ☞ ✎
❉
❋
♠ ● ♠ ❣ ❤
❍
■
✙ ✕ ✡ ✛ ✡ ❏ ✏ ☛ t ✕ ✡ ✚ ✖ ☛ ☛ ☞ ✌ t ✕ ✡ ✔ ☞ ❛ ✑ ✓ ✈ ✏ t ☛
✗ ✡ ✜ ☞ ✍ ✏ t ✑ ✓ ❑ ✏ ☛ t ✕ ✡ ✖ ✍ ✍ ✡ ✜ ✡ ✛ ✖ t ✏ ☞ ✎ ❛ ✒ ✡ t ☞
✘ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✏ t ✑ ✖ ✎ ❛ ▼ ✏ ☛ t ✕ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✏ ✘ ✕ t ✣ ◆ ✕ ✡ ✍ ❖
✙ ✕ ✡ t ✕ ✡ ✛ t ✕ ✏ ☛ ✡ ❈ ✒ ✖ t ✏ ☞ ✎ ✏ ☛ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✖ ✜ ✜ ✑
✍ ☞ ✛ ✛ ✡ ✍ t ✣
P ◗ ❘ ❙ ❃ ❚ ❱ ✕ ✡ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✌ ▲ ❲ ❳ ✖ ✛ ✡
❨ ❩ ❬ ❨ ▲ ❱
➊ ❭
❬
❪
❫ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❨ ▲
❪
❱
➊ ❪
❬
❫ ❨ ❩ ▲
❪
❱
➊ ❪
❬
❱ ✕ ✡ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✌
❴
❲ ❳ ✖ ✛ ✡
❨ ❩ ❬ ❨ ▲ ❱
➊ ❪
❬ ❨ ▲ ❬ ❫ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❨ ▲
❪
❱
➊ ❪
❬
❫ ❨ ❩ ▲
❪
❱
➊ ❪
❬
❱ ✕ ✡ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✌ ▲ ❲ ❳ ✖ ✎ ❛
❴
❲ ❳ ✖ ✛ ✡ t ✕ ✡ ☛ ✖ ✚ ✡ ✖ ✎ ❛
✕ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✡ t ✕ ✡ ✡ ❈ ✒ ✖ t ✏ ☞ ✎ ✏ ☛ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✖ ✜ ✜ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✛ ✛ ✡ ✍ t ✣
❵
❊ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❆ ❜ ❱ ✕ ✡ ❳ ✤ ✒ ✎ ✏ t ☞ ✌ ✡ ✎ ✡ ✛ ✘ ✑ ✏ ☛
❞ ❫ ❖ ✘ ✚
❪
☛
➊ ❪
❢ t ✕ ✖ t ☞ ✌ ☛ ✢ ✡ ✡ ❛ ✈ ✏ ☛ ✚ ☛
➊ ❭
✖ ✎ ❛
☞ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✍ ✡ ✜ ✡ ✛ ✖ t ✏ ☞ ✎ ❥ ✏ ☛ ✚ ☛
➊ ❪
✣ ❦ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✌ t ✕ ✡
✌ ☞ ✛ ✚ ✒ ✜ ✖ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✛ ❖ ✏ ✎ ✡ t ✏ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✡ ✛ ✘ ✑
❧ ♦ ♣
✘ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✔ ✡ ✜ ☞ ✙
✍ ✖ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✒ ✛ ✒ ✜ ✡ ☞ ✒ t ☞ ✎ t ✕ ✡ ✔ ✖ ☛ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✌
❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✖ ✜ ✖ ✛ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✡ ✎ t ☛
❧
❏ ☛ t ✖ ✎ ❛ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✛ t ✕ ✡
✚ ✖ ☛ ☛ ☞ ✌ t ✕ ✡ ✔ ☞ ❛ ✑
♣ q
❧
✖
♣ ♦ r
❏
✉
✈
✇
❧
✔
♣ ♦ r ① ② ③ ④ ⑤
❏ ✈
✉
❧
✍
♣ ♦ r
❏ ❥
❧
❛
♣ ♦ r ① ⑥ ③ ② ⑦ ⑤
❏ ✈
✉
❧
✡
♣ ♦ r ① ② ③ ④ ⑤
❏ ✈
✉
⑧ ❏ ❥
P ◗ ❘ ❙ ❃ ❚
⑨
✗ ✡ ✛ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✛ ✛ ✡ ✍ t ✌ ☞ ✛ ✚ ✒ ✜ ✖ ☞ ✛ ✡ ❈ ✒ ✖ t ✏ ☞ ✎ ✚ ✒ ☛ t
✕ ✖ ✗ ✡ t ✕ ✡ ☛ ✖ ✚ ✡ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✎ ✔ ☞ t ✕ ☛ ✏ ❛ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ t ✕ ✡
✡ ❈ ✒ ✖ t ✏ ☞ ✎ ✣
⑩
✜ ☛ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✎ ✜ ✑ ❈ ✒ ✖ ✎ t ✏ t ✏ ✡ ☛ ✙ ✏ t ✕ t ✕ ✡ ☛ ✖ ✚ ✡
✢ ✕ ✑ ☛ ✏ ✍ ✖ ✜ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✔ ✡ ✖ ❛ ❛ ✡ ❛ ☞ ✛
☛ ✒ ✔ t ✛ ✖ ✍ t ✡ ❛ ✣ ❱ ✕ ✡ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✌ t ✕ ✡ ❈ ✒ ✖ ✎ t ✏ t ✑ ☞ ✎
t ✕ ✡ ✛ ✏ ✘ ✕ t ☛ ✏ ❛ ✡ ✖ ✛ ✡ ❨ ❩
❪
▲
❶
❱
➊
❶
❬ ✌ ☞ ✛
❧
✖
♣
❢ ❨ ❩ ▲
❪
❱
➊ ❪
❬ ✌ ☞ ✛
❧
✔
♣
✖ ✎ ❛
❧
❛
♣
❢ ❨ ❩ ▲ ❱
➊ ❪
❬ ✌ ☞ ✛
❧
✍
♣
✣ ❱ ✕ ✡ ❈ ✒ ✖ ✎ t ✏ t ✑ ☞ ✎ t ✕ ✡
✛ ✏ ✘ ✕ t ☛ ✏ ❛ ✡ ☞ ✌
❧
✡
♣
✕ ✖ ☛ ✎ ☞ ✢ ✛ ☞ ✢ ✡ ✛ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✡
t ✙ ☞ ❈ ✒ ✖ ✎ t ✏ t ✏ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ❛ ✏ ✌ ✌ ✡ ✛ ✡ ✎ t ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✡ ✔ ✡ ✡ ✎
✖ ❛ ❛ ✡ ❛ ✣ ❳ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✡ t ✕ ✡ ❖ ✏ ✎ ✡ t ✏ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✡ ✛ ✘ ✑
♦
✕ ✖ ☛ t ✕ ✡
❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✌ ❨ ❩ ▲
❪
❱
➊ ❪
❬ ✓ ✌ ☞ ✛ ✚ ✒ ✜ ✖ ☛
❧
✖
♣
✓
❧
✍
♣
✖ ✎ ❛
❧
✡
♣
✖ ✛ ✡ ✛ ✒ ✜ ✡ ❛ ☞ ✒ t ✣ ❷ ☞ t ✡ t ✕ ✖ t ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✖ ✜ ✖ ✛ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✡ ✎ t ☛
✍ ✖ ✎ ✎ ☞ t t ✡ ✜ ✜ ✙ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✌ t ✕ ✡ t ✙ ☞ ✓
❧
✔
♣
☞ ✛
❧
❛
♣
✓ ✏ ☛ t ✕ ✡
✍ ☞ ✛ ✛ ✡ ✍ t ✌ ☞ ✛ ✚ ✒ ✜ ✖ ✣ ❸ ☞ ✛ t ✕ ✏ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✎ ✡ ✚ ✒ ☛ t t ✒ ✛ ✎ t ☞ t ✕ ✡
✖ ✍ t ✒ ✖ ✜ ❛ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✏ t ✏ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✌ ❖ ✏ ✎ ✡ t ✏ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✡ ✛ ✘ ✑
❧
☛ ✡ ✡ ◆✕ ✖ ✢ t ✡ ✛
❹
♣
✣ ❱ ✕ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✛ ✛ ✡ ✍ t ✌ ☞ ✛ ✚ ✒ ✜ ✖ ✌ ☞ ✛ ❖ ✏ ✎ ✡ t ✏ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✡ ✛ ✘ ✑ ✏ ☛ ✘ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✎
✔ ✑
❧
✔
♣
✣
❵
❺
♥
❻ ❼
♥
❺ ❽
★ ✶ ✪ ✰ ✐ ✧ ✹
❾
★ ✭ ✦ ✫ ✐ ✬ ✧ ✦ ✼ ✬ ✧ ✹ ✫ ✯ ★
❿
✯ ✱ ✮ ✐ ✰ ✦ ✭
Q
✪ ✦ ✧ ✫✐ ✫✐ ★ ✮
❱ ✕ ✡ ✚ ✡ t ✕ ☞ ❛ ☞ ✌ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✖ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✚ ✡ t ✏ ✚ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✡
✒ ☛ ✡ ❛ t ☞ ❛ ✡ ❛ ✒ ✍ ✡ ✛ ✡ ✜ ✖ t ✏ ☞ ✎ ✖ ✚ ☞ ✎ ✘ t ✕ ✡ ✢ ✕ ✑ ☛ ✏ ✍ ✖ ✜
❈ ✒ ✖ ✎ t ✏ t ✏ ✡ ☛ ✣ ❸ ☞ ✛ t ✕ ✏ ☛ ✙ ✡ ☛ ✕ ☞ ✒ ✜ ❛ ❖ ✎ ☞ ✙ t ✕ ✡
❛ ✡ ✢ ✡ ✎ ❛ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✡ ☞ ✌ t ✕ ✡ ✢ ✕ ✑ ☛ ✏ ✍ ✖ ✜ ❈ ✒ ✖ ✎ t ✏ t ✑ ☞ ✎ ☞ t ✕ ✡ ✛
❈ ✒ ✖ ✎ t ✏ t ✏ ✡ ☛
❧
✒ ✢ t ☞ t ✕ ✛ ✡ ✡ ✢ ✕ ✑ ☛ ✏ ✍ ✖ ✜ ❈ ✒ ✖ ✎ t ✏ t ✏ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✛
✜ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✖ ✛ ✜ ✑ ✏ ✎ ❛ ✡ ✢ ✡ ✎ ❛ ✡ ✎ t ✗ ✖ ✛ ✏ ✖ ✔ ✜ ✡ ☛
♣
✖ ✎ ❛ ✍ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ❛ ✡ ✛ ✏ t
✖ ☛ ✖ ✢ ✛ ☞ ❛ ✒ ✍ t t ✑ ✢ ✡ ☞ ✌ t ✕ ✡ ❛ ✡ ✢ ✡ ✎ ❛ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✡ ✣ ▲ ✡ t ✒ ☛ t ✖ ❖ ✡
✖ ✎ ✡
➀
✖ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✡ ✣
❊ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❆ ➁ ◆ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ❛ ✡ ✛ ✖ ☛ ✏ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✡
✢ ✡ ✎ ❛ ✒ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✖ ✔ ☞ ✔ ✖ t t ✖ ✍ ✕ ✡ ❛ t ☞ ✖
☛ t ✛ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✓ t ✕ ✖ t ☞ ☛ ✍ ✏ ✜ ✜ ✖ t ✡ ☛ ✒ ✎ ❛ ✡ ✛ t ✕ ✡ ✖ ✍ t ✏ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✌
t ✕ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✛ ✍ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✘ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✏ t ✑ ✣ ❳ ✒ ✢ ✢ ☞ ☛ ✡ t ✕ ✖ t t ✕ ✡ ✢ ✡ ✛ ✏ ☞ ❛
☞ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✏ ✜ ✜ ✖ t ✏ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✌ t ✕ ✡ ☛ ✏ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✡ ✢ ✡ ✎ ❛ ✒ ✜ ✒ ✚
❛ ✡ ✢ ✡ ✎ ❛ ☛ ☞ ✎ ✏ t ☛ ✜ ✡ ✎ ✘ t ✕
❧
➂
♣
✓ ✚ ✖ ☛ ☛ ☞ ✌ t ✕ ✡ ✔ ☞ ✔
❧
❏
♣
✖ ✎ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✍ ✡ ✜ ✡ ✛ ✖ t ✏ ☞ ✎ ❛ ✒ ✡ t ☞ ✘ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✏ t ✑
❧
❑
♣
✣
➃ ✡ ✛ ✏ ✗ ✡ t ✕ ✡ ✡
➀
✢ ✛ ✡ ☛ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✌ ☞ ✛ ✏ t ☛ t ✏ ✚ ✡ ✢ ✡ ✛ ✏ ☞ ❛
✒ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✚ ✡ t ✕ ☞ ❛ ☞ ✌ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✣
P ◗ ❘ ❙ ❃ ❚ ❱ ✕ ✡ ❛ ✡ ✢ ✡ ✎ ❛ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✡ ☞ ✌ t ✏ ✚ ✡ ✢ ✡ ✛ ✏ ☞ ❛ ➄ ☞ ✎
t ✕ ✡ ❈ ✒ ✖ ✎ t ✏ t ✏ ✡ ☛ ➂ ➅ ❑ ✖ ✎ ❛ ❏ ✖ ☛ ✖ ✢ ✛ ☞ ❛ ✒ ✍ t ✚ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✡
✙ ✛ ✏ t t ✡ ✎ ✖ ☛
q
➄
r ➆
➂
➇
❑
➈
❏
➉
✙ ✕ ✡ ✛ ✡ ❖ ✏ ☛ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✜ ✡ ☛ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✎ ☛ t ✖ ✎ t ✖ ✎ ❛ ➋ ➅ ➌
✖ ✎ ❛ ➍ ✖ ✛ ✡ t ✕ ✡ ✡
➀
✢ ☞ ✎ ✡ ✎ t ☛ ✣
➎✑ ✍ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ❛ ✡ ✛ ✏ ✎ ✘ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✎ ✔ ☞ t ✕ ☛ ✏ ❛ ✡ ☛ ✓ ✙ ✡
✕ ✖ ✗ ✡
➏ ➏ ➐ ➐ ➐ ➑ ➒ ➐
➓ ➔ → ➣ ↔ ↕ ➓ ➔ ↔ ➓ ➔ ➣ ↔ ➓ → ↔
➙ ➛
❫ ▲
➇
➜
➈
❱
➊ ❪
➈
❩
➉
➝
✎ ✡ ❈ ✒ ✖ t ✏ ✎ ✘ t ✕ ✡ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✎ ✔ ☞ t ✕ ☛ ✏ ❛ ✡ ☛ ✓
✙ ✡ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✡
➋ ⑧ ➌ ❫
➞
❢
➟ ➠
➌ ❫
➡
❢ ✖ ✎ ❛ ➍ ❫
➞
❳ ☞ t ✕ ✖ t
➢ ➢
➤ ➥ ➤ ➦
➧ ➧
➨ ➩ ➫➭ ➭ ➭
❱ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✓ ❱ ❫ ❖ ✜
➼
✘
➊
➼
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✸ ✆
❙ ✝ ✞ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡
✶ ✳ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✗ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✓✢ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✛ ✣ ✤ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✳ ✦ ✗ ✢ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✔
✤ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✗ ✔ ✏ ☞ ✛ ✍ ✗ ✔ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✓✔ ✚ ✑ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✥ ✛ ✢ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍
♣
✍ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✥ ✗ ✔
✧
✕ ☞ ✘
✜ ✑ ✍ ✍ ✘ ✕ ✎ ✜ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✥ ✗ ✏ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✓✢ ✢ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✢ ✜ ✛ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✜ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✗ ✢ ✑ ✕ ✓✢ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✜ ✛ ✓✔ ✕ ✛ ✣ ✍ ✓ ✙ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✚
✥ ✓✜ ✎ ✔ ✛ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✌ ❧ ✳
✷
✳
❊
✑ ✏ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✌ ✎ ✍ ✚ ✗ ✣ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✢ ✜ ✍ ✛ ✣ ✑ ✏ ✗ ✢ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✢ ✙ ✎ ✕ ✢ ✑ ✢ ✎ ✥ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✛ ✍ ✗ ✔ ✙ ✓✕ ✤ ✢ ✛ ✤ ✗ ✢ ✥ ✌
✍ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✗ ✣ ✗ ✢ ✗ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✗ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✕
♣
✍ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✜ ✗ ✕ ✢ ✗ ✘
s
✎ ✥ ✛
✧
✢ ✑ ✜ ✘ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✛ ✔ ✚ ✘ ✑ ✜ ✤ ✗ ✢ ✗ ✘
s
✗ ✥ ✖ ✎ ✔ ✘ ✜ ✛ ✥ ✗ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✗ ✥ ✑ ❧ ✳ ❦ ☞ ✗ ✓✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✣ ✓✔ ✚ ✑ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✥ ✛ ✢ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✢ ✗ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✗ ✚
✣ ✓✔ ✚ ✑ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✥ ✛ ✢ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✓✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✳
★
✳
❖
✕ ☞ ✗ ✢ ✤ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✚ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✣ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✗
✩
✤ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✑ ✍ ✑
✏ ✛ ✜ ✙ ✎ ✔ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✣ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✓✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✑ ✢ ✗ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✗ ✚ ✚ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✓✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✳ ❝ ✏ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✥ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✕ ✛ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✘
✙ ✛ ✕ ☞ ✣ ✓✔ ✚ ✑ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✥ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✚ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✗ ✚ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✛ ✣ ✓✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✳
✹
✳ ❦ ☞ ✗
❚
✔ ✕ ✗ ✢ ✔ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✑ ✥
✪
✌ ✍ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✛ ✣
✫
✔ ✎ ✕ ✍
♣ ✪ ❚
❧ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✕ ✤ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✔ ✕
✎ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✢ ✔ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✌ ✑ ✏ ✏ ✗ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✚ ✓✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✎ ✍ ✐ ✎ ✚ ✗ ✥ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✕ ☞ ✢ ✛ ✓
✧
☞ ✛ ✓ ✕ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✐ ✛ ✢ ✥ ✚ ✳
✺
✳ ❦ ☞ ✗
✪ ❚
✓✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✔ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✤ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✜ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✢ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✙ ✛ ✕ ☞ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✔ ✚
✕ ☞ ✗ ✚ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✛ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✚ ✣ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✜ ✳ ✦ ✗ ✢ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✚ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✢ ✗ ✗
✩
✤ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✌
✜ ✗ ✑ ✔ ✍ ✛ ✣
✪ ❚
✓ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✐ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✍ ✤ ✗ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✥ ✔ ✑ ✜ ✗ ✍
♣
✍ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✍ ♠ ✛ ✓✥ ✗ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✐ ✕ ✛ ✔ ✘ ✐ ✑ ✕ ✕ ✘ ✗ ✕ ✏ ❧ ✳
✻ ✳ ❦ ☞ ✗
✪ ❚
✓✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✐ ✗ ✥ ✥ ✚ ✗ ✣ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✚ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✢ ✔ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✌ ✑ ✏ ✏ ✗ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✚ ✓✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✌✜ ✙ ✛ ✥ ✍
♣
✍ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✜ ✣ ✛ ✢
✜ ✗ ✕ ✢ ✗ ✘
s ✧
✣ ✛ ✢
s
✎ ✥ ✛
✧
✢ ✑ ✜ ✘ ✍ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✛ ✔ ✚ ✘ ❝ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✑ ✜ ✤ ✗ ✢ ✗ ✘
✬
✣ ✛ ✢ ✔ ✗ ✐ ✕ ✛ ✔ ✗ ✕ ✏ ✳ ❧ ✳
✼ ✳ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✜ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✓✢ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✓✑ ✥ ✥ ✌ ✗
✩
✤ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✍ ✜ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✥ ✑ ✢
✧
✗ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✣ ✎ ✏
✔ ✛ ✕ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✘ ✐ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✤ ✛ ✐ ✗ ✢ ✍ ✛ ✣ ✶ ♥ ✳
✪
✏ ✎ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✣ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✛ ✕ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✤ ✢ ✗ ✣ ✎
✩
✗ ✍ ✑ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✕ ✛ ✍ ✎ ✜ ✤ ✥ ✎ ✣ ✌
✜ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✓✢ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✕ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✔ ✓✜ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✏ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✘
✧
✎ ✖ ✎ ✔
✧
✎ ✔ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✕ ✛ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✤ ✢ ✗ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✛ ✔
✛ ✣ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✍ ✳
✽ ✳ ✦ ✗ ✢ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✔
✧
✗ ✔ ✗ ✢ ✑ ✥ ✢ ✓✥ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✔ ✚
✧
✓✎ ✚ ✗ ✥ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✍ ✜ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✣ ✛ ✥ ✥ ✛ ✐ ✗ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✔
✧
✔ ✛ ✕ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✤ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥
✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✍ ✌✜ ✙ ✛ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✛ ✢
✪ ❚
✓ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✛ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✢ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✔ ✚
✪ ❚
✤ ✢ ✗ ✣ ✎
✩
✗ ✍ ✣ ✛ ✢
✗
✩
✤ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✍ ✎ ✔
✧
✤ ✢ ✛ ✤ ✗ ✢ ✥ ✌ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✤ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✜ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✢ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✳
✾ ✳
❚
✔ ✏ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✓✕ ✎ ✔
✧
✑ ✔ ✌ ✤ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✌ ✘ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✓✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✚ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✖ ✛ ✥ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✗
✢ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✤
♣
✍ ❧ ✑ ✢ ✗ ✕ ✢ ✗ ✑ ✕ ✗ ✚ ✑ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✛ ✓
✧
☞ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✌ ✐ ✗ ✢ ✗ ✑ ✥
✧
✗ ✙ ✢ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✥ ✥ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✢ ✗ ✚
✓ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✢ ✗ ✛ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✚ ✳
✶ ♥ ✳ ❉ ✎ ✢ ✗ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✎ ✔ ✚ ✎ ✢ ✗ ✏ ✕ ✜ ✗ ✕ ☞ ✛ ✚ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✓✢ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✛ ✣ ✤ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✳
❚
✔ ✜ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✓✢ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✐ ☞ ✎ ✥ ✗ ✗
✩
✤ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✍ ✎ ✔
✧
✕ ☞ ✗ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✓✥ ✕ ✘ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✏ ✏ ✓✢ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✤ ✢ ✗ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✣
✜ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✓✢ ✎ ✔
✧
✎ ✔ ✍ ✕ ✢ ✓✜ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✥ ✛ ✔
✧
✐ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✢ ✢ ✛ ✢ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✓✢ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✍ ☞ ✛ ✓ ✥ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✕ ✑
s
✗ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✛ ✑ ✏ ✏ ✛ ✓✔ ✕ ✳
✶ ✶ ✳
❚
✔ ✜ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✓✢ ✗ ✚ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✓✕ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✤ ✢ ✛ ✤ ✗ ✢ ✍ ✎
✧
✔ ✎ ✣ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✣ ✎
✧
✓✢ ✗ ✍ ✛ ✔ ✥ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✛ ✓✥ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✚ ✳
❘
✓ ✥ ✗ ✍ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✚ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✢ ✜ ✎ ✔ ✎ ✔
✧
✕ ☞ ✗ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✍ ✎
✧
✔ ✎ ✣ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✣ ✎
✧
✓ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✢ ✢ ✌ ✎ ✔
✧
✛ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✢ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✜ ✗ ✕ ✎ ✏
✛ ✤ ✗ ✢ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✐ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✜ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✚ ♦ ✢ ✛ ✓✔ ✚ ✎ ✔
✧
✛ ✣ ✣ ♦ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✢ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✚ ✎
✧
✎ ✕ ✍ ✜ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✣ ✛ ✥ ✥ ✛ ✐ ✗ ✚ ✳
✶
✷
✳ ❦ ☞ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✛ ✣ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✛ ✜ ✙ ✎ ✔ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✣ ✕ ☞ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✢ ✎ ✙ ✗ ✕ ☞ ✗
✔ ✑ ✕ ✓✢ ✗ ✛ ✣ ✤ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✓✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✳ ❉ ✎ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✑ ✥ ✑ ✔ ✑ ✥ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✕ ✛ ✏ ☞ ✗ ✏
s
✕ ☞ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✑ ✥
✏ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✗ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✛ ✣ ✗ ✒ ✓✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✘ ✚ ✗ ✚ ✓ ✏ ✎ ✔
✧
✢ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✜ ✛ ✔
✧
✕ ☞ ✗ ✤ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✗ ✕ ✏ ✳ ❝
✚ ✎ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✌ ✏ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✔ ✗ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✛ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✑ ✏ ✕ ✓✑ ✥ ✥ ✌ ✑ ✔ ✗
✩
✑ ✏ ✕
♣
✏ ✛ ✢ ✢ ✗ ✏ ✕ ❧ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✘
✙ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✚ ✎ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✌ ✐ ✢ ✛ ✔
✧
✛ ✢ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✓✑ ✕ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✐ ✢ ✛ ✔
✧
✳
✭ ✮ ✱ ✯ ✰
✲
✴
❣
◆ ✭ ✵ ✿ ✵ ❀ ❁ ✵ ❂ ❁ ❃ ❄ ✿ ✭ ❅ ❆ ✭ ❇ ❈ ✵ ❁ ❇ ✵ ❋ ❆ ❁ ❇ ❇ ✭ ✵ ● ✿ ✭ ● ✵ ❁ ❍ ❇ ✿ ■
● ❜ ✵ ❀ ✿ ❏ ✿ ✵ ❀ ✭ ■ ✭ ❅ ■ ❍ ❏ ✿ ❇ ❈ ❍ ✭ ❇ ❈ ❑ ▲ ✿ ✮ ✿ ❍ ✵ ■ ✭ ✿ ❈ ❇ ✭ ✵
❏ ❁ ✵ ✵ ✿ ✮ ❍ ❅ ❈ ✭ ❏ ✿ ❇ ❄ ❏ ● ✿ ✮ ❏ ❄ ❃ ✵ ❍ ▼ ❃ ❍ ✿ ❈ ✵ ❀ ✿ ✮ ❍ ◗ ❀ ✵ ❈ ❍ ■ ✿
✭ ❅ ✵ ❀ ❍ ❈ ❅ ✭ ✮ ❏ ❄ ❃ ❁ ✱ ● ✿ ❆ ❁ ❄ ❈ ✿ ✵ ❀ ❁ ✵ ■ ✭ ✿ ❈ ❇ ✭ ✵ ❁ ❅ ❅ ✿ ❆ ✵ ❍ ✵ ❈
■ ❍ ❏ ✿ ❇ ❈ ❍ ✭ ❇ ❈ ❑
❯ ❆ ✵ ❄ ❁ ❃ ❃ ❜ ✱ ❱ ✰ ❲ ❳ ❈ ✭ ✵ ❀ ❁ ✵ ✯ ✰
❨
❩
❬
❭
❪
❫ ❍ ❏ ✿ ❇ ❈ ❍ ✭ ❇ ❁ ❃ ❁ ❇ ❁ ❃ ❜ ❈ ❍ ❈ ❍ ❈ ❂ ✿ ✮ ❜ ❄ ❈ ✿ ❅ ❄ ❃ ❍ ❇ ■ ✿ ■ ❄ ❆ ❍ ❇ ◗
✮ ✿ ❃ ❁ ✵ ❍ ✭ ❇ ❈ ❁ ❏ ✭ ❇ ◗ ✵ ❀ ✿ ❍ ❇ ✵ ✿ ✮ ■ ✿ ▼ ✿ ❇ ■ ✿ ❇ ✵ ▼ ❀ ❜ ❈ ❍ ❆ ❁ ❃
q ❄ ❁ ❇ ✵ ❍ ✵ ❍ ✿ ❈ ❑ ▲ ✭ ❴ ✿ ❂ ✿ ✮ ✱ ■ ❍ ❏ ✿ ❇ ❈ ❍ ✭ ❇ ❃ ✿ ❈ ❈ ❆ ✭ ❇ ❈ ✵ ❁ ❇ ✵ ❈
❆ ❁ ❇ ❇ ✭ ✵ ● ✿ ✭ ● ✵ ❁ ❍ ❇ ✿ ■ ● ❜ ✵ ❀ ❍ ❈ ❏ ✿ ✵ ❀ ✭ ■ ❑ ❵ ❀ ✿ ❏ ✿ ✵ ❀ ✭ ■
✭ ❅ ■ ❍ ❏ ✿ ❇ ❈ ❍ ✭ ❇ ❈ ❆ ❁ ❇ ✭ ❇ ❃ ❜ ✵ ✿ ❈ ✵ ✵ ❀ ✿ ■ ❍ ❏ ✿ ❇ ❈ ❍ ✭ ❇ ❁ ❃
❂ ❁ ❃ ❍ ■ ❍ ✵ ❜ ✱ ● ❄ ✵ ❇ ✭ ✵ ✵ ❀ ✿ ✿ ✈ ❁ ❆ ✵ ✮ ✿ ❃ ❁ ✵ ❍ ✭ ❇ ❈ ❀ ❍ ▼ ● ✿ ✵ ❴ ✿ ✿ ❇
▼ ❀ ❜ ❈ ❍ ❆ ❁ ❃ q ❄ ❁ ❇ ✵ ❍ ✵ ❍ ✿ ❈ ❍ ❇ ❁ ❇ ❜ ✿ q ❄ ❁ ✵ ❍ ✭ ❇ ❑ ❛ ✵ ■ ✭ ✿ ❈ ❇ ✭ ✵
■ ❍ ❈ ✵ ❍ ❇ ◗ ❄ ❍ ❈ ❀ ● ✿ ✵ ❴ ✿ ✿ ❇ ✵ ❀ ✿ ▼ ❀ ❜ ❈ ❍ ❆ ❁ ❃ q ❄ ❁ ❇ ✵ ❍ ✵ ❍ ✿ ❈
❀ ❁ ❂ ❍ ❇ ◗ ❈ ❁ ❏ ✿ ■ ❍ ❏ ✿ ❇ ❈ ❍ ✭ ❇ ❈ ❑
❯ ❇ ❄ ❏ ● ✿ ✮ ✭ ❅ ✿ ✈ ✿ ✮ ❆ ❍ ❈ ✿ ❈ ❁ ✵ ✵ ❀ ✿ ✿ ❇ ■ ✭ ❅ ✵ ❀ ❍ ❈
❆ ❀ ❁ ▼ ✵ ✿ ✮ ❴ ❍ ❃ ❃ ❀ ✿ ❃ ▼ ❜ ✭ ❄ ■ ✿ ❂ ✿ ❃ ✭ ▼ ❈ ❋ ❍ ❃ ❃ ❍ ❇
■ ❍ ❏ ✿ ❇ ❈ ❍ ✭ ❇ ❁ ❃ ❁ ❇ ❁ ❃ ❜ ❈ ❍ ❈ ❑
❯   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎   ✆ ✝ ✞ ☎ ✄ ❯ ✟ ✞ ✝ ✞   ✂ ✸ ✠
❊ ✡ ❊ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ❊ ✍
◆ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒
✌
✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✕ ✜ ✕ ✓✔ ✢ ✑ ✚ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✕ ✤ ✑ ✛ ✕ ✚ ✑ ✎ ✥ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✓✖ ✥ ✖ ✛ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✥ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✑ ✔ ✦
✷ ✦✧ ❋ ★ ✩ ✩ ★ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✩ ✯ ✪ ✰ ✱
✲
✯
✳ ✴
✬ ✭
✵ ✶
✩
✹ ✺
✭
✶ ✻
✯
✼ ✹
✮ ✭
✶ ✻
✱ ★
✽
✭
✾ ✼ ✺
★ ✱ ✭
✿ ✹
✯ ✩ ✫
✶ ❀ ❀ ❀ ❀ ❀ ✺
❁
✲
✮
✳ ✴
✬ ✭ ✱
✹
❂
✻
✯
✼
✭ ✯ ❂ ✭ ✯
✶ ✻
✯ ✱
✶
✩ ★
✽ ✼
❃ ✩ ★ ✪
✽
✭ ❂
✶ ✻
❂ ✯
✽
★
✹
✱ ❄
❀
❅
✼ ✺
✯ ✪
✽
✬ ✭ ★ ❆✬ ✫
✾
❅
❀
❅
✼ ✺
★ ✱ ✭
✿ ✹
✯ ✩ ✫
✶
❀ ❀ ❀ ✲ ✺ ✺ ✳
❇
✲ ✼ ✳ ❈ ✵
✭ ✬ ★
✼
✩ ✭
✺ ✶ ✵
★ ✪ ❆
❉
★ ✫ ✬ ✯ ✱
●
✭ ✭
✽ ✶ ✻ ✾ ❍
✰
✺
✬
➊ ■
✼ ✶ ✵
✭ ❂ ✱
❀ ❀ ❀ ❀ ✺
★ ✪
✾
✱
✲ ✽ ✳ ✴
✬ ✭ ❂ ✭ ✩ ✯ ✫ ★
✵
✭
✽
✭ ✪ ✱ ★ ✫ ❃
✶ ✻
✩ ✭ ✯
✽
★ ✱
✾ ✾ ❀
❏
❀
❑ ✫ ✱
✽
✭ ✪ ✱ ★ ✫ ❃ ★ ✱
❀ ❀ ❀ ❀
❆
✼ ✺
➊ ❁
✶
❂
❀ ❀ ❀ ❀
✰ ❆
✺
➊ ❁
❀
✷ ✦ ✷ ❋ ★ ✩ ✩ ★ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✩ ✯ ✪ ✰ ✱ ✮ ❃ ✱
✹
★ ✫ ✯ ✮ ✩ ✭
✼ ✶
✪
✵
✭ ❂ ✱ ★
✶
✪
✶ ✻ ✹
✪ ★ ✫ ✱
✲
✯
✳ ✾
✰ ❆
✺
❇
✱
➊
❇
▲
❀ ❀ ❀ ❀
❆
✼ ✺
❇
✱
➊
❇
✲
✮
✳ ✾ ✺
▲
❀ ❀ ❀ ❀ ❀
✩ ❃
✲ ✼ ✳
❏
❀
❅
✺
✱
➊
❇
▲
❀ ❀ ❀ ❀
✰
✺
✬
➊
❇
✲ ✽ ✳
▼ ▲ ❖
❀
❖ P ×
✾
❅
➊ ■ ■
◗
✺
❇
✲
✰ ❆
✳
➊
❇
▲
❀ ❀ ❀ ❀ ✲ ✼ ✺ ✳
❁
✱
➊
❇
❆
➊ ■
❀
✷ ✦❘
❈ ✼
✯ ✩
✶
❂ ★ ✭ ★ ✱ ✯
✹
✪ ★ ✫
✶ ✻
✬ ✭ ✯ ✫
✶
❂ ✭ ✪ ✭ ❂ ❆❃ ✯ ✪
✽
★ ✫ ✭
✿ ✹
✯ ✩ ✱ ✯ ✮
✶ ✹
✫ ❙
❀
❄ ❚
❉
✬ ✭ ❂ ✭
✾
❚ ▲
✾
✰ ❆
✺
❇
✱
➊
❇
❀
❱ ✹ ● ● ✶
✱ ✭
❉
✭ ✭
✺ ●
✩
✶
❃ ✯ ✱ ❃ ✱ ✫ ✭
✺ ✶ ✻ ✹
✪ ★ ✫ ✱ ★ ✪
❉
✬ ★
✼
✬ ✫ ✬ ✭
✹
✪ ★ ✫
✶ ✻ ✺
✯ ✱ ✱ ✭
✿ ✹
✯ ✩ ✱
❲
✰ ❆
❦
✫ ✬ ✭
✹
✪ ★ ✫
✶ ✻
✩ ✭ ✪ ❆✫ ✬ ✭
✿ ✹
✯ ✩ ✱ ❳
✺ ❦
✫ ✬ ✭
✹
✪ ★ ✫
✶ ✻
✫ ★
✺
✭ ★ ✱ ❨ ✱
❀ ❱
✬
✶ ❉
✫ ✬ ✯ ✫ ✯
✼
✯ ✩
✶
❂ ★ ✭ ✬ ✯ ✱ ✯
✺
✯ ❆✪ ★ ✫
✹✽
✭ ❙
❀
❄
❲
➊ ■
❳
➊
❇
❨
❇
★ ✪ ✫ ✭ ❂
✺
✱
✶ ✻
✫ ✬ ✭ ✪ ✭
❉ ✹
✪ ★ ✫ ✱
❀
✷ ✦❩ ❬ ❭
●
✩ ✯ ★ ✪ ✫ ✬ ★ ✱ ✱ ✫ ✯ ✫ ✭
✺
✭ ✪ ✫
✼
✩ ✭ ✯ ❂ ✩ ❃ ❪
➇ ✴ ✶ ✼
✯ ✩ ✩ ✯
✽
★
✺
✭ ✪ ✱ ★
✶
✪ ✯ ✩
✿ ✹
✯ ✪ ✫ ★ ✫ ❃
❫
✩ ✯ ❂ ❆✭
❴ ✶
❂
❫
✱
✺
✯ ✩ ✩
❴
★ ✱
✺
✭ ✯ ✪ ★ ✪ ❆✩ ✭ ✱ ✱
❉
★ ✫ ✬
✶ ✹
✫ ✱
●
✭
✼
★
✻
❃★ ✪ ❆ ✯
✱ ✫ ✯ ✪
✽
✯ ❂
✽ ✻ ✶
❂
✼ ✶ ✺ ●
✯ ❂ ★ ✱
✶
✪ s
❀
❑ ✪
✵
★ ✭
❉ ✶ ✻
✫ ✬ ★ ✱
❦
❂ ✭
✻
❂ ✯
✺
✭ ✫ ✬ ✭
✻ ✶
✩ ✩
✶ ❉
★ ✪ ❆ ✱ ✫ ✯ ✫ ✭
✺
✭ ✪ ✫ ✱
❉
✬ ✭ ❂ ✭
✵
✭ ❂
✪ ✭
✼
✭ ✱ ✱ ✯ ❂ ❃ ❪
✲
✯
✳
✯ ✫
✶ ✺
✱ ✯ ❂ ✭
✵
✭ ❂ ❃ ✱
✺
✯ ✩ ✩
✶
✮
❵
✭
✼
✫ ✱
✲
✮
✳
✯
❵
✭ ✫
●
✩ ✯ ✪ ✭
✺ ✶ ✵
✭ ✱
❉
★ ✫ ✬ ❆ ❂ ✭ ✯ ✫ ✱
●
✭ ✭
✽
✲ ✼ ✳
✫ ✬ ✭
✺
✯ ✱ ✱
✶ ✻
❚
✹ ●
★ ✫ ✭ ❂ ★ ✱
✵
✭ ❂ ❃ ✩ ✯ ❂ ❆✭
✲ ✽ ✳
✫ ✬ ✭ ✯ ★ ❂ ★ ✪ ✱ ★
✽
✭ ✫ ✬ ★ ✱ ❂
✶ ✶ ✺ ✼ ✶
✪ ✫ ✯ ★ ✪ ✱ ✯ ✩ ✯ ❂ ❆✭ ✪
✹ ✺
✮ ✭ ❂
✶ ✻ ✺ ✶
✩ ✭
✼ ✹
✩ ✭ ✱
✲
✭
✳
✯
●
❂
✶
✫
✶
✪ ★ ✱
✺ ✹ ✼
✬
✺ ✶
❂ ✭
✺
✯ ✱ ✱ ★
✵
✭ ✫ ✬ ✯ ✪ ✯ ✪ ✭ ✩ ✭
✼
✫ ❂
✶
✪
✲ ✻ ✳
✫ ✬ ✭ ✱
●
✭ ✭
✽ ✶ ✻
✱
✶ ✹
✪
✽
★ ✱
✺ ✹✼
✬ ✱
✺
✯ ✩ ✩ ✭ ❂ ✫ ✬ ✯ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✱
●
✭ ✭
✽ ✶ ✻
✩ ★ ❆✬ ✫
❀
✷ ✦❛
❈
✪ ✭
❉ ✹
✪ ★ ✫
✶ ✻
✩ ✭ ✪ ❆✫ ✬ ★ ✱
✼
✬
✶
✱ ✭ ✪ ✱
✹✼
✬ ✫ ✬ ✯ ✫ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✱
●
✭ ✭
✽ ✶ ✻
✩ ★ ❆✬ ✫ ★ ✪
✵
✯
✼ ✹✹ ✺
★ ✱
✹
✪ ★ ✫ ❃
❀
❜ ✬ ✯ ✫
★ ✱ ✫ ✬ ✭
✽
★ ✱ ✫ ✯ ✪
✼
✭ ✮ ✭ ✫
❉
✭ ✭ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭
❱ ✹
✪ ✯ ✪
✽
✫ ✬ ✭ ❬ ✯ ❂ ✫ ✬ ★ ✪ ✫ ✭ ❂
✺
✱
✶ ✻
✫ ✬ ✭ ✪ ✭
❉ ✹
✪ ★ ✫ ★
✻
✩ ★ ❆✬ ✫ ✫ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✱
❍ ✺
★ ✪ ✯ ✪
✽
❄ ❅ ✱ ✫
✶ ✼ ✶ ✵
✭ ❂ ✫ ✬ ★ ✱
✽
★ ✱ ✫ ✯ ✪
✼
✭ ❝
✷ ✦❞ ❜ ✬ ★
✼
✬
✶ ✻
✫ ✬ ✭
✻ ✶
✩ ✩
✶ ❉
★ ✪ ❆ ★ ✱ ✫ ✬ ✭
✺ ✶
✱ ✫
●
❂ ✭
✼
★ ✱ ✭
✽
✭
✵
★
✼
✭
✻ ✶
❂
✺
✭ ✯ ✱
✹
❂ ★ ✪ ❆ ✩ ✭ ✪ ❆ ✫ ✬ ❪
✲
✯
✳
✯
✵
✭ ❂ ✪ ★ ✭ ❂
✼
✯ ✩ ✩ ★
●
✭ ❂ ✱
❉
★ ✫ ✬ ❄ ❅
✽
★
✵
★ ✱ ★
✶
✪ ✱
✶
✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✱ ✩ ★
✽
★ ✪ ❆ ✱
✼
✯ ✩ ✭
✲
✮
✳
✯ ✱
✼
❂ ✭
❉
❆ ✯
✹
❆ ✭
✶ ✻ ●
★ ✫
✼
✬
✾ ✺ ✺
✯ ✪
✽ ✾
❅ ❅
✽
★
✵
★ ✱ ★
✶
✪ ✱
✶
✪ ✫ ✬ ✭
✼
★ ❂
✼ ✹
✩ ✯ ❂ ✱
✼
✯ ✩ ✭
✲ ✼ ✳
✯ ✪
✶ ●
✫ ★
✼
✯ ✩ ★ ✪ ✱ ✫ ❂
✹ ✺
✭ ✪ ✫ ✫ ✬ ✯ ✫
✼
✯ ✪
✺
✭ ✯ ✱
✹
❂ ✭ ✩ ✭ ✪ ❆✫ ✬ ✫
✶ ❉
★ ✫ ✬ ★ ✪ ✯
❉
✯
✵
✭ ✩ ✭ ✪ ❆ ✫ ✬
✶ ✻
✩ ★ ❆✬ ✫ ❝
✷ ✦
❡ ❈
✱ ✫
✹ ✽
✭ ✪ ✫
✺
✭ ✯ ✱
✹
❂ ✭ ✱ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✬ ★
✼
✰ ✪ ✭ ✱ ✱
✶ ✻
✯ ✬
✹ ✺
✯ ✪ ✬ ✯ ★ ❂ ✮ ❃ ✩
✶ ✶
✰ ★ ✪ ❆ ✯ ✫ ★ ✫ ✫ ✬ ❂
✶ ✹
❆ ✬ ✯
✺
★
✼
❂
✶
✱
✼ ✶ ●
✭
✶ ✻ ✺
✯ ❆ ✪ ★
✻
★
✼
✯ ✫ ★
✶
✪
✾
❅ ❅
❀ ♠
✭
✺
✯ ✰ ✭ ✱ ❄ ❅
✶
✮ ✱ ✭ ❂
✵
✯ ✫ ★
✶
✪ ✱ ✯ ✪
✽ ✻
★ ✪
✽
✱ ✫ ✬ ✯ ✫ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✯
✵
✭ ❂ ✯ ❆ ✭
❉
★
✽
✫ ✬
✶ ✻
✫ ✬ ✭ ✬ ✯ ★ ❂ ★ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭
✻
★ ✭ ✩
✽ ✶ ✻ ✵
★ ✭
❉ ✶ ✻
✫ ✬ ✭
✺
★
✼
❂
✶
✱
✼ ✶ ●
✭ ★ ✱ ❏
❀
✇
✺ ✺ ❀
❜ ✬ ✯ ✫ ★ ✱ ✫ ✬ ✭
✭ ✱ ✫ ★
✺
✯ ✫ ✭
✶
✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✬ ★
✼
✰ ✪ ✭ ✱ ✱
✶ ✻
✬ ✯ ★ ❂ ❝
✷ ✦
❢ ❈
✪ ✱
❉
✭ ❂ ✫ ✬ ✭
✻ ✶
✩ ✩
✶ ❉
★ ✪ ❆ ❪
✲
✯
✳ ❣ ✶ ✹
✯ ❂ ✭ ❆ ★
✵
✭ ✪ ✯ ✫ ✬ ❂ ✭ ✯
✽
✯ ✪
✽
✯
✺
✭ ✫ ❂ ✭ ✱
✼
✯ ✩ ✭
❀ ♠ ✶ ❉ ❉
★ ✩ ✩ ❃
✶ ✹
✭ ✱ ✫ ★
✺
✯ ✫ ✭ ✫ ✬ ✭
✽
★ ✯
✺
✭ ✫ ✭ ❂
✶ ✻
✫ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✬ ❂ ✭ ✯
✽
❝
✲
✮
✳ ❈
✱
✼
❂ ✭
❉
❆✯
✹
❆ ✭ ✬ ✯ ✱ ✯
●
★ ✫
✼
✬
✶ ✻ ✾ ❀
❅
✺ ✺
✯ ✪
✽
❄ ❅ ❅
✽
★
✵
★ ✱ ★
✶
✪ ✱
✶
✪ ✫ ✬ ✭
✼
★ ❂
✼ ✹
✩ ✯ ❂ ✱
✼
✯ ✩ ✭
❀ ❤ ✶
❃
✶ ✹
✫ ✬ ★ ✪ ✰ ★ ✫ ★ ✱
● ✶
✱ ✱ ★ ✮ ✩ ✭ ✫
✶
★ ✪
✼
❂ ✭ ✯ ✱ ✭ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✯
✼ ✼ ✹
❂ ✯
✼
❃
✶ ✻
✫ ✬ ✭ ✱
✼
❂ ✭
❉
❆✯
✹
❆✭ ✯ ❂ ✮ ★ ✫ ❂ ✯ ❂ ★ ✩ ❃ ✮ ❃
★ ✪
✼
❂ ✭ ✯ ✱ ★ ✪ ❆ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✪
✹ ✺
✮ ✭ ❂
✶ ✻ ✽
★
✵
★ ✱ ★
✶
✪ ✱
✶
✪ ✫ ✬ ✭
✼
★ ❂
✼ ✹
✩ ✯ ❂ ✱
✼
✯ ✩ ✭ ❝
✲ ✼ ✳ ✴
✬ ✭
✺
✭ ✯ ✪
✽
★ ✯
✺
✭ ✫ ✭ ❂
✶ ✻
✯ ✫ ✬ ★ ✪ ✮ ❂ ✯ ✱ ✱ ❂
✶ ✽
★ ✱ ✫
✶
✮ ✭
✺
✭ ✯ ✱
✹
❂ ✭
✽
✮ ❃
✵
✭ ❂ ✪ ★ ✭ ❂
✼
✯ ✩ ✩ ★
●
✭ ❂ ✱
❀
❜ ✬ ❃
★ ✱ ✯ ✱ ✭ ✫
✶ ✻ ✾
❅ ❅
✺
✭ ✯ ✱
✹
❂ ✭
✺
✭ ✪ ✫ ✱
✶ ✻
✫ ✬ ✭
✽
★ ✯
✺
✭ ✫ ✭ ❂ ✭ ❭
●
✭
✼
✫ ✭
✽
✫
✶
❃★ ✭ ✩
✽
✯
✺ ✶
❂ ✭ ❂ ✭ ✩ ★ ✯ ✮ ✩ ✭
✭ ✱ ✫ ★
✺
✯ ✫ ✭ ✫ ✬ ✯ ✪ ✯ ✱ ✭ ✫
✶ ✻
✇
✺
✭ ✯ ✱
✹
❂ ✭
✺
✭ ✪ ✫ ✱
✶
✪ ✩ ❃ ❝
✷ ✦
✐ ✴
✬ ✭
●
✬
✶
✫
✶
❆ ❂ ✯
●
✬
✶ ✻
✯ ✬
✶ ✹
✱ ✭
✶ ✼ ✼ ✹ ●
★ ✭ ✱ ✯ ✪ ✯ ❂ ✭ ✯
✶ ✻ ✾ ❀
P ✇
✼ ✺
❇
✶
✪ ✯ ❏ ✇
✺ ✺
✱ ✩ ★
✽
✭
❀ ✴
✬ ✭ ✱ ✩ ★
✽
✭
★ ✱
●
❂
✶ ❵
✭
✼
✫ ✭
✽ ✶
✪ ✫
✶
✯ ✱
✼
❂ ✭ ✭ ✪
❦
✯ ✪
✽
✫ ✬ ✭ ✯ ❂ ✭ ✯
✶ ✻
✫ ✬ ✭ ✬
✶ ✹
✱ ✭
✶
✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✱
✼
❂ ✭ ✭ ✪ ★ ✱
✾ ❀
✇ ✇
✺
❇
❀
❜ ✬ ✯ ✫
★ ✱ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✩ ★ ✪ ✭ ✯ ❂
✺
✯ ❆✪ ★
✻
★
✼
✯ ✫ ★
✶
✪
✶ ✻
✫ ✬ ✭
●
❂
✶ ❵
✭
✼
✫
✶
❂ ❥ ✱
✼
❂ ✭ ✭ ✪ ✯ ❂ ❂ ✯ ✪ ❆✭
✺
✭ ✪ ✫
❀
✷ ✦✧ ❧
❱
✫ ✯ ✫ ✭ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✪
✹ ✺
✮ ✭ ❂
✶ ✻
✱ ★ ❆✪ ★
✻
★
✼
✯ ✪ ✫
✻
★ ❆
✹
❂ ✭ ✱ ★ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭
✻ ✶
✩ ✩
✶ ❉
★ ✪ ❆ ❪
✲
✯
✳
❅
❀
❅ ❅ P
✺
❇
✲
✮
✳
❄
❀
❖ ❙
♥ ✾
❅
❇
♦
✰ ❆
✲ ✼ ✳
❅
❀
❄ ❏ P ❅ ❆
✼ ✺
➊ ❁
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✸ ✆
✭ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌
✭
✍
✞ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✡ ☛
✎ ✏
➊ ✑
✭ ✒ ✞ ☞ ✠ ☞ ☞ ☞ ✟ ☞ ✡ ☛
✏
✑
✷ ✓✔ ✔ ❚ ✕
✍
✖
✍
✗ ✘✙ ✕ ✚ ✛ ✜
✍
✢ ✝ ✙ ✕ ✢ ✗ ✝ ✙ ✕ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✗
✍
✦ ✦ ✧ ✒ ✢ ✜
✍
✤ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✘★ ✖ ✢ ✜ ✦ ✕
✍ ✍
✙ ✧ ✒
✏ ✍
✙ ✢ ✖ ✢ ✜
✍
✩ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✩
✏
✚ ✪ ✠ ☞ ☞ ✫
✏
✚
✢ ✗ ✝ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✪ ✤
✏
✜
✍
✦ ❛
✍
✤ ✙ ✣ ✬
✍
✖ ✮✠ ✯ ✣ ✬
✍
✙ ✕
✍
✢ ✜
✍
✢ ✢ ✗ ✝ ✬ ✧ ✖ ★
✏ ✍
✧ ✒ ✙ ✕
✍
✦ ✕
✍ ✍
✙ ✙ ✧ ✤ ✧ ✜ ✜
✍
✤ ✙ ✦ ✣ ✘✗ ✣ ✒ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✗ ✙
✒ ✣ ✘ ★✜
✍
✦ ✠
✷ ✓✔ ✷ ❚ ✕
✍ ✏
✢ ✦ ✦ ✧ ✒ ✢ ✛ ✧ ✰
✏ ✍
✢ ✦ ★✜
✍
✝ ✛ ✮ ✢ ✘ ✜ ✧ ✤
✍
✜ ✱ ✦ ✛ ✢ ✖ ✢ ✗ ✤
✍
✣ ✦ ☛ ✠ ✡ ☞ ☞ ✥ ✘✠ ❚ ✲ ✧ ✘ ✧ ✖ ✝ ❛ ✣
✍
✤
✍
✦ ✧ ✒
✏
✢ ✦ ✦
✍
✦ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✪ ✫ ✘ ✢ ✗ ✝ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✪ ♠ ✘ ✢ ✜
✍
✢ ✝ ✝
✍
✝ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✕
✍
✛ ✧ ✰ ✠ ✳ ✕ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✦ ✭ ✢ ✞ ✙ ✕
✍
✙ ✧ ✙ ✢ ✖
✏
✢ ✦ ✦ ✧ ✒ ✙ ✕
✍
✛ ✧ ✰ ✚ ✭ ✛ ✞ ✙ ✕
✍
✝ ✣ ✒ ✒
✍
✜
✍
✗ ✤
✍
✣ ✗ ✙ ✕
✍ ✏
✢ ✦ ✦
✍
✦ ✧ ✒ ✙ ✕
✍
❛ ✣
✍
✤
✍
✦ ✙ ✧ ✤ ✧ ✜ ✜
✍
✤ ✙ ✦ ✣ ✘✗ ✣ ✒ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✣ ✘ ★ ✜
✍
✦
❜
✷ ✓✔
✴ ❆
❛ ✕ ✮ ✦ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✖
✵
★ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✣ ✙ ✮
✶
✣ ✦ ✜
✍
✖ ✢ ✙
✍
✝ ✙ ✧ ✒ ✧ ★ ✜ ✧ ✛ ✦
✍
✜ ✬ ✢ ✛ ✖
✍
✦
✹ ✺ ✻ ✺ ✼
✢ ✗ ✝
❞
✢ ✦ ✒ ✧ ✖ ✖ ✧ ✲ ✦
✽
✾ ✿
❂
❀ ❁
✶ ✹ ✻
❃
✼ d
❚ ✕
✍
❛
✍
✜ ✤
✍
✗ ✙ ✢ ✘
✍ ✍
✜ ✜ ✧ ✜ ✦ ✧ ✒
✏ ✍
✢ ✦ ★✜
✍ ✏ ✍
✗ ✙ ✣ ✗
✹
✚
✻
✚
✼
✢ ✗ ✝ ✝ ✢ ✜
✍
✪ ❄ ✚ ✡ ❄ ✚ ✩ ❄ ✢ ✗ ✝ ☛ ❄ ✚
✜
✍
✦ ❛
✍
✤ ✙ ✣ ✬
✍
✖ ✮✠ ✳ ✕ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✕
✍
❛
✍
✜ ✤
✍
✗ ✙ ✢ ✘
✍ ✍
✜ ✜ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✗ ✙ ✕
✍ ✵
★ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✣ ✙ ✮
✶ ❜
❅✒ ✙ ✕
✍
✬ ✢ ✖ ★
✍
✧ ✒
✶
✤ ✢ ✖ ✤ ★ ✖ ✢ ✙
✍
✝
★✦ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✕
✍
✢ ✛ ✧ ✬
✍
✜
✍
✖ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✙ ★✜ ✗ ✦ ✧ ★✙ ✙ ✧ ✛
✍
✡ ✠ ♠ ✟ ✡ ✚ ✙ ✧ ✲ ✕ ✢ ✙ ✬ ✢ ✖ ★
✍
✦ ✕ ✧ ★ ✖ ✝ ✮✧ ★ ✜ ✧ ★ ✗ ✝ ✧ ✒ ✒
✙ ✕
✍
✜
✍
✦ ★ ✖ ✙
❜
✷ ✓✔ ❇
❆
✛ ✧ ✧ ✥ ✲ ✣ ✙ ✕
✏
✢ ✗ ✮ ❛ ✜ ✣ ✗ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✘
✍
✜ ✜ ✧ ✜ ✦ ✤ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✦ ✒ ✧ ★✜ ✝ ✣ ✒ ✒
✍
✜
✍
✗ ✙ ✒ ✧ ✜
✏
★ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✒ ✧ ✜ ✙ ✕
✍
✝ ✣ ✦ ❛ ✖ ✢ ✤
✍ ✏ ✍
✗ ✙
②
✧ ✒ ✢ ❛ ✢ ✜ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✖
✍
★ ✗ ✝
✍
✜ ✘ ✧ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✢ ✤
✍
✜ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✗ ❛
✍
✜ ✣ ✧ ✝ ✣ ✤
✏
✧ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✗
✽
✭ ✢ ✞
② ❈ ✹
✦ ✣ ✗ ☛
❉ t
❃
❊
✭ ✛ ✞
② ❈ ✹
✦ ✣ ✗ ✈
t
✭ ✤ ✞
② ❈
✭
✹
❃
❊
✞ ✦ ✣ ✗
t
❃
✹
✭ ✝ ✞
❋ ● ❍ ■ ❍ ■❏ ❑ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖ ✐ ◗ ❘ ❙ ❯ ❱ ❲ ❖ ❘ ❙ ❳❨ ❨
✭
✹ ❈ ✏
✢ ✰ ✣
✏
★
✏
✝ ✣ ✦ ❛ ✖ ✢ ✤
✍ ✏ ✍
✗ ✙ ✧ ✒ ✙ ✕
✍
❛ ✢ ✜ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✖
✍
✚ ✈
❈
✦ ❛
✍ ✍
✝ ✧ ✒ ✙ ✕
✍
❛ ✢ ✜ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✖
✍
✠
❊ ❈
✙ ✣
✏ ✍
❩ ❛
✍
✜ ✣ ✧ ✝
✧ ✒
✏
✧ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✞ ✠
♦
★ ✖
✍
✧ ★✙ ✙ ✕
✍
✲ ✜ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✒ ✧ ✜
✏
★ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✝ ✣
✏ ✍
✗ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✢ ✖ ✘ ✜ ✧ ★ ✗ ✝ ✦ ✠
✷ ✓✔
❬ ❆
✒ ✢
✏
✧ ★✦ ✜
✍
✖ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✣ ✗ ❛ ✕ ✮ ✦ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✜
✍
✖ ✢ ✙
✍
✦
❭ ✏
✧ ✬ ✣ ✗ ✘
✏
✢ ✦ ✦ ✱
❪
✙ ✧ ✙ ✕
✍ ❭
✜
✍
✦ ✙
✏
✢ ✦ ✦ ✱
❪
❫
✧ ✒ ✢
❛ ✢ ✜ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✖
✍
✣ ✗ ✙
✍
✜
✏
✦ ✧ ✒ ✣ ✙ ✦ ✦ ❛
✍ ✍
✝ ✈ ✢ ✗ ✝ ✙ ✕
✍
✦ ❛
✍ ✍
✝ ✧ ✒ ✖ ✣ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✚
✼
✠ ✭ ❚ ✕ ✣ ✦ ✜
✍
✖ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✒ ✣ ✜ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✧ ✦
✍
✢ ✦
✢ ✤ ✧ ✗ ✦
✍ ✵
★
✍
✗ ✤
✍
✧ ✒ ✦ ❛
✍
✤ ✣ ✢ ✖ ✜
✍
✖ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✬ ✣ ✙ ✮ ✝ ★
✍
✙ ✧
❆
✖ ✛
✍
✜ ✙ ❴ ✣ ✗ ✦ ✙
✍
✣ ✗ ✞ ✠
❆
✛ ✧ ✮ ✜
✍
✤ ✢ ✖ ✖ ✦ ✙ ✕
✍
✜
✍
✖ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✗
✢ ✖
✏
✧ ✦ ✙ ✤ ✧ ✜ ✜
✍
✤ ✙ ✖ ✮ ✛ ★✙ ✒ ✧ ✜ ✘
✍
✙ ✦ ✲ ✕
✍
✜
✍
✙ ✧ ❛ ★✙ ✙ ✕
✍
✤ ✧ ✗ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✤ ✠
❵ ✍
✲ ✜ ✣ ✙
✍
✦
✽
❝ ❡
❢
❢
❣ ❤
❥
❦
❾
❧
♥ ♣
❧
✠
✯ ★
✍
✦ ✦ ✲ ✕
✍
✜
✍
✙ ✧ ❛ ★✙ ✙ ✕
✍ ✏
✣ ✦ ✦ ✣ ✗ ✘
✼
q
✷ ✓✔ r ❚ ✕
✍
★✗ ✣ ✙ ✧ ✒ ✖
✍
✗ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✧ ✗ ✬
✍
✗ ✣
✍
✗ ✙ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✕
✍
✢ ✙ ✧
✏
✣ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✢ ✖
✍
✣ ✦ ✥ ✗ ✧ ✲ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✗ ✢ ✗ ✘ ✦ ✙ ✜ ✧
✏
✢ ✗ ✝ ✣ ✦
✝
✍
✗ ✧ ✙
✍
✝ ✛ ✮ Å✽
✪ Å ❈
✪ ☞
➊ s ✉
✏
✠ ❚ ✕
✍
✦ ✣ ✇
✍
✧ ✒ ✢ ✕ ✮ ✝ ✜ ✧ ✘
✍
✗ ✢ ✙ ✧
✏
✣ ✦ ✢ ✛ ✧ ★ ✙ ☞ ✠ ✫ Å✠ ✳ ✕ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✕
✍
✙ ✧ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✢ ✙ ✧
✏
✣ ✤ ✬ ✧ ✖ ★
✏ ✍
✣ ✗
✏
①
✧ ✒ ✢
✏
✧ ✖
✍
✧ ✒ ✕ ✮✝ ✜ ✧ ✘
✍
✗ ✢ ✙ ✧
✏
✦
❜
✷ ✓✔ ③ ④ ✗
✍ ✏
✧ ✖
✍
✧ ✒ ✢ ✗ ✣ ✝
✍
✢ ✖ ✘ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✙ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✝ ✢ ✜ ✝ ✙
✍ ✏
❛
✍
✜ ✢ ✙ ★✜
✍
✢ ✗ ✝ ❛ ✜
✍
✦ ✦ ★✜
✍
✧ ✤ ✤ ★❛ ✣
✍
✦ ☛ ☛ ✠ ✩ ⑤
✭
✏
✧ ✖ ✢ ✜ ✬ ✧ ✖ ★
✏ ✍
✞ ✠ ✳ ✕ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✕
✍
✜ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✧ ✒
✏
✧ ✖ ✢ ✜ ✬ ✧ ✖ ★
✏ ✍
✙ ✧ ✙ ✕
✍
✢ ✙ ✧
✏
✣ ✤ ✬ ✧ ✖ ★
✏ ✍
✧ ✒ ✢
✏
✧ ✖
✍
✧ ✒
✕ ✮ ✝ ✜ ✧ ✘
✍
✗
❜
✭ ❚ ✢ ✥
✍
✙ ✕
✍
✦ ✣ ✇
✍
✧ ✒ ✕ ✮✝ ✜ ✧ ✘
✍
✗
✏
✧ ✖
✍
✤ ★ ✖
✍
✙ ✧ ✛
✍
✢ ✛ ✧ ★✙ ✪
Å
✞ ✠ ✳ ✕ ✮ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✕ ✣ ✦ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✧
✦ ✧ ✖ ✢ ✜ ✘
✍ ❜
✷ ✓✔
⑥
❴ ✰ ❛ ✖ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✣ ✦ ✤ ✧
✏ ✏
✧ ✗ ✧ ✛ ✦
✍
✜ ✬ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✤ ✖
✍
✢ ✜ ✖ ✮
✽
❅✒ ✮✧ ★ ✖ ✧ ✧ ✥ ✧ ★✙ ✧ ✒ ✙ ✕
✍
✲ ✣ ✗ ✝ ✧ ✲ ✧ ✒ ✢ ✒ ✢ ✦ ✙
✏
✧ ✬ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✕
✍
✗
✍
✢ ✜ ✛ ✮ ✙ ✜
✍ ✍
✦ ✚ ✕ ✧ ★✦
✍
✦
✍
✙ ✤ ✠ ✦
✍ ✍ ✏
✙ ✧
✏
✧ ✬
✍
✜ ✢ ❛ ✣ ✝ ✖ ✮ ✣ ✗ ✢ ✝ ✣ ✜
✍
✤ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✧ ❛ ❛ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✙
✍
✙ ✧ ✙ ✕
✍
✙ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✱ ✦
✏
✧ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✛ ★ ✙ ✙ ✕
✍
✝ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✧ ✛ ⑦
✍
✤ ✙ ✦ ✭ ✕ ✣ ✖ ✖ ✙ ✧ ❛ ✦ ✚ ✙ ✕
✍
⑧ ✧ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✕
✍
✦ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✦
✍
✙ ✤ ✠ ✞
✦
✍ ✍ ✏
✙ ✧ ✛
✍
✦ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✢ ✜ ✮✠ ✭ ❅ ✗ ✒ ✢ ✤ ✙ ✚ ✦ ✣ ✗ ✤
✍
✮ ✧ ★ ✢ ✜
✍
✢ ✲ ✢ ✜
✍
✙ ✕ ✢ ✙ ✮✧ ★ ✢ ✜
✍ ✏
✧ ✬ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✙ ✕
✍
✦
✍
✝ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✧ ✛ ⑦
✍
✤ ✙ ✦ ✦
✍ ✍ ✏
✙ ✧
✏
✧ ✬
✍
✲ ✣ ✙ ✕ ✮✧ ★✞ ✠
✷ ✓✔ ⑨ ❚ ✕
✍
❛ ✜ ✣ ✗ ✤ ✣ ❛ ✖
✍
✧ ✒
❭
❛ ✢ ✜ ✢ ✖ ✖ ✢ ✰ ✱ ✣ ✗ ✦
✍
✤ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✗ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✪ ✣ ✦ ★ ✦
✍
✝ ✣ ✗ ✙ ✕
✍
✝
✍
✙
✍
✜
✏
✣ ✗ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✧ ✒ ✝ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✤
✍
✦
✧ ✒ ✬
✍
✜ ✮ ✝ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✦ ✠ ❚ ✕
✍
✛ ✢ ✦
✍
✖ ✣ ✗
✍ ⑩ ❶
✣ ✦ ✙ ✕
✍
✖ ✣ ✗
✍
⑦ ✧ ✣ ✗ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✕
✍
❴ ✢ ✜ ✙ ✕ ✱ ✦ ✙ ✲ ✧ ✖ ✧ ✤ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✦ ✦ ✣ ✰
✏
✧ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✦ ✢ ❛ ✢ ✜ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✣ ✙ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✛ ✣ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✧ ★ ✗ ✝ ✙ ✕
✍ ❷
★ ✗ ✠ ❚ ✕ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✦ ✚ ✙ ✕
✍
✛ ✢ ✦
✍
✖ ✣ ✗
✍
✣ ✦ ✢ ✛ ✧ ★✙ ✙ ✕
✍
✝ ✣ ✢
✏ ✍
✙
✍
✜
✧ ✒ ✙ ✕
✍
❴ ✢ ✜ ✙ ✕ ✱ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✛ ✣ ✙ ❸ ✡ × ✪ ☞
s s
✏
✠
❵
✧ ✲
✍
✬
✍
✜ ✚
✍
✬
✍
✗ ✙ ✕
✍
✗
✍
✢ ✜
✍
✦ ✙ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✦ ✢ ✜
✍
✦ ✧ ✝ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✙ ✕ ✢ ✙
✲ ✣ ✙ ✕ ✦ ★✤ ✕ ✢ ✖ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✢ ✦
✍
✖ ✣ ✗
✍
✚ ✙ ✕
✍
✮ ✦ ✕ ✧ ✲ ❛ ✢ ✜ ✢ ✖ ✖ ✢ ✰ ✧ ✗ ✖ ✮ ✧ ✒ ✙ ✕
✍
✧ ✜ ✝
✍
✜ ✧ ✒ ✪ ❹ ✭ ✦
✍
✤ ✧ ✗ ✝ ✞ ✧ ✒ ✢ ✜ ✤
✧ ✜ ✦ ✧ ✠
❆ ❺ ✹ ❻ ❼❽✼
✣ ✦ ✢ ✤ ✧ ✗ ✬
✍
✗ ✣
✍
✗ ✙ ★ ✗ ✣ ✙ ✧ ✒ ✖
✍
✗ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✕
✍
✢ ✦ ✙ ✜ ✧ ✗ ✧
✏
✣ ✤ ✢ ✖ ✦ ✤ ✢ ✖
✍
✠ ❅ ✙ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✕
✍
✝ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✤
✍
✧ ✒ ✢ ✗ ✧ ✛ ⑦
✍
✤ ✙ ✙ ✕ ✢ ✙ ✲ ✣ ✖ ✖ ✦ ✕ ✧ ✲ ✢ ❛ ✢ ✜ ✢ ✖ ✖ ✢ ✰ ✧ ✒ ✪ ❹ ✭ ✦
✍
✤ ✧ ✗ ✝ ✞ ✧ ✒ ✢ ✜ ✤ ✒ ✜ ✧
✏
✧ ❛ ❛ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✙
✍
✍
✗ ✝ ✦ ✧ ✒ ✢ ✛ ✢ ✦
✍
✖ ✣ ✗
✍ ✍ ✵
★✢ ✖ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✕
✍
✝ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✤
✍
✒ ✜ ✧
✏
✙ ✕
✍
❴ ✢ ✜ ✙ ✕ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✕
✍ ❷
★✗ ✠
❵
✧ ✲
✏
★ ✤ ✕ ✣ ✦ ✢
❛ ✢ ✜ ✦
✍
✤ ✣ ✗ ✙
✍
✜
✏
✦ ✧ ✒
✏ ✍
✙ ✜
✍
✦
❜
❯   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎   ✆ ✝ ✞ ☎ ✄ ❯ ✟ ✞ ✝ ✞   ✂ ✸ ✠
✷ ✡✷ ☛ ❚ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✌ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✘ ✢ ☞ ✒ ✖✌ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✣ ✎ ✖✚ ✤ ✓ ✣ ✗ ✔ ✥ ☞ ✘ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✑
❞ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✥ ✌ ✘ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✥ ✑ ★ ✤ ✓ ✣ ✗ ✔ ✥ ☞ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✕ ✕ ✎ ✩ ✣ ✓ ✔✕ ❞ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✪ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✌ ❞ ✫✕ ✧ ☞ ✎
❈
✌ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✘
✬
✑ ☞ ✓ ✣ ✣ ☞ ✌ ✍
✭
✘ ✌ ✣ ✌ ❞ ✦ ✏ ✓ ✗ ✒ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✓ ✥ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✒ ☞ ✌
✮
✎ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✘ ✩ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✑
✓ ✏
♦
✘ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✍ ❞ ✒ ☞ ✌
✯
✔ ✍ ★
✷ ✡✷ ✰ P ✏ ✌ ✥ ✘ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✧ ☞ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✥ ✎ ✕ ✱ ✔✎ ✍ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✎ ♥ ✲✲ ✳ ✓ ✦ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✌ ✍ ✥ ✌ ✚ ✴ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✩ ✎ ✗ ✧ ✕ ✌ ✵ ✒ ✓
✎ ✑ ✥ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✧ ✌ ✌ ❞ ✓ ✦ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✥ ✏ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✵ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✗ ✔✑ ✒ ☞ ✎
✭
✌ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✥ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✓ ❞ ✒ ✓ ✦ ✘ ✍ ❞ ✘ ✒ ✑
✧ ✓ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✌ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✌ ❞ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✌ ✚ ❚ ☞ ✘ ✑ ✣ ✎ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✥ ✒ ✔✎ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✘
✭
✎ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✍
♦
✌ ☞ ✘ ✍ ❞
✒ ☞ ✌ ❞ ✘ ✑ ✥ ✓
✭
✌ ✏ ✖ ✓ ✦ ✏ ✎ ❞ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✍ t ✓ ✏ ✕ ❞ t ✎ ✏ ❛❛ ✚ ❚ ☞ ✘ ✍ ✶ ✓ ✦ ❞ ✘ ✦ ✦ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✩ ✎ ✗ ✧ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✗ ✓ ❞ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✌ ✍ ✥ ✌
✣ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✧ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✘ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✢✒ ☞ ✵ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✌ ✵ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✥ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✌ ❞ ✌ ❞ ✚ ✫ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✵ ✣ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✌
✭
✌ ✏
✖✓ ✔ ✥ ✎ ✍ ✵ ✢ ✘
✭
✌ ✎ ✱ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✘
✭
✌ ✘ ❞ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✦ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✧ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✘ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✌ ❞ ✌ ❞ ✚
✷ ✡✷ ✷ ❏ ✔✑ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✧ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✘ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✥ ✌ ✑ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✌ ✍ ✥ ✌ ✵ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✑ ✌ ✱ ✔✎ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✗ ✧ ✓ ✏ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✒ ✓
♦
✌
✎
♦
✕ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✶ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✢ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✱ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✔✑ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✏ ✔❞ ✘ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✘ ❞ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✎ ✍ ❞ ✥ ✓ ✗ ✗ ✓ ✍
✓
♦
✑ ✌ ✏
✭
✎ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✚ ❚ ☞ ✘ ✍ ✶ ✓ ✦ ✣ ✎ ✖✑
♦
✖ ✣ ☞ ✘ ✥ ☞ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✥ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✕ ✓ ✣ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✪ ✣ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✍
✌ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✘ ✑ ❞ ✘ ✦ ✦ ✘ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✓
♦
✒ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✵ ✒ ✏ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✢✌ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✧ ✧ ✌ ✏
♦
✓ ✔ ✍ ❞ ✓ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✱ ✔✎ ✍ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✖
✬
❡
✪ ✎
✬
✒ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✎ ✕ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✹
♦
✌ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✔ ❞ ✑ ✓
✭
✌ ✏ ❛ ✍ ❞ ✘ ✎ ❞ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✺ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✓ ✍
✪
♦ ✬
✒ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✕ ✌ ✧ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✒
✪ ✥
✬
✒ ☞ ✌ ✣ ✘ ✍ ❞ ✑ ✧ ✌ ✌ ❞ ❞ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✗
✪ ❞
✬
✒ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✔ ✗
♦
✌ ✏ ✓ ✦ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✍ ❞ ✑ ✓ ✦ ☞ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✖✓ ✔ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✎ ❞
✪ ✌
✬
✒ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✔ ✗
♦
✌ ✏ ✓ ✦ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✌ ✥ ✔✕ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✖✓ ✔ ✏ ✥ ✕ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✗ ✚
✷ ✡✷ ✻ ❚ ☞ ✌
✯
✔ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✒ ✧ ✕ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✪ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✼ ✌ ❞ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✏
✬
✣ ✘ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✥ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✗ ✧ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✌ ✩ ✥ ✌ ✌ ❞ ✘ ✍ ✢
✽ ✾
✿
❑ ✵ ✎ ✍ ❞ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✦ ✎ ✥ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✗ ✧ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✓ ✦ ✎
♦
✓ ✔ ✒ ❀ ✾ ✾ ✾ ❑ ✚ ✫ ✒ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✘ ✢☞
✒ ✌ ✗ ✧ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✵ ✍ ✓ ✑ ✔
♦
✑ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✥ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✘ ❞ ✓ ✏ ✕ ✘ ✱ ✔ ✘ ❞ ✧ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✚ ❛✍ ✣ ☞ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✢✌ ❞ ✓ ✖✓ ✔
✌ ✩ ✧ ✌ ✥ ✒ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✑ ❞ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✦ ✒ ☞ ✌
✯
✔ ✍ ✒ ✓
♦
✌ ✵ ✘ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✢ ✌ ✓ ✦ ❞ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✘ ❞ ✑ ✎ ✍ ❞
✕ ✘ ✱ ✔ ✘ ❞ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✢ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✑ ★
❈
☞ ✌ ✥ ✶ ✘ ✦ ✖✓ ✔ ✏ ✢ ✔ ✌ ✑ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✥ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✒ ✦ ✏ ✓ ✗ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✕ ✓ ✣ ✘ ✍ ✢ ❞ ✎ ✒ ✎ ❡ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✒ ☞ ✌
✯
✔ ✍
❙
✛ ✚ ✾
×
✽ ✾
❁ ❂
✶ ✢ ✵ ✏ ✎ ❞ ✘ ✔✑ ✓ ✦ ✒ ☞ ✌
✯
✔ ✍
❙ ❃
✚ ✾
×
✽ ✾
❄
✗ ✚
✷ ✡✷
❅
t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✧ ✕ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✒ ❏ ✔ ✧ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✎ ❞ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✥ ✌ ✓ ✦
❲
✛ ✙ ✚
❃
✗ ✘ ✕ ✕ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✶ ✘ ✕ ✓ ✗ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✦ ✏ ✓ ✗ ✒ ☞ ✌
✮
✎ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✵
✘ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✢✔✕ ✎ ✏ ❞ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✌ ❞ ✒ ✓
♦
✌ ✐ ❆ ✚
❃
✛ ❇ ✓ ✦ ✎ ✏ ✥ ✚
❈
✎ ✕ ✥ ✔✕ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✌ ❞ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✦
❏ ✔ ✧ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✚
❉ ❊ ❊ ❋ ● ❋ ❍ ■▲ ▼ ◆ ❖ ◗ ❘ ❱ ❋ ❳ ◗ ❳
✷ ✡✷
❨
✫ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✣ ✎ ✕ ✶ ✘ ✍ ✢
♦
✏ ✘ ✑ ✶ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✣ ✘ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✧ ✌ ✌ ❞
✈
✗ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✗
♦
✏ ✌ ✕ ✕ ✎ ✦ ✓ ✏ ✣ ✎ ✏ ❞ ✗ ✎ ✶ ✘ ✍ ✢
✎ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✢ ✕ ✌
❩
✣ ✘ ✒ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✌
✭
✌ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✥ ✎ ✕ ✚ ✫ ✑ ✒ ✔❞ ✌ ✍ ✒ ❞ ✌ ✏ ✘
✭
✌ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✕ ✓ ✣ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✍
♦
✌ ✒ ✣ ✌ ✌ ✍
❬
✎ ✍ ❞
✈
❡ ✒ ✎ ✍
❬ ❙ ✈
✎ ✍ ❞ ✥ ☞ ✌ ✥ ✶ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✒ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✎ ✥ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✒ ✕ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✒ ❡ ✎ ✑
✈
❭ ❪ ✵
❬
❭ ✾ ✵ ✎ ✑
✌ ✩ ✧ ✌ ✥ ✒ ✌ ❞ ✚ ✪ t ✌ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✘ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✢ ✣ ✘ ✍ ❞ ✎ ✍ ❞ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✒ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✦ ✎ ✕ ✕ ✑
✭
✌ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✥ ✎ ✕ ✕ ✖
✦ ✓ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✍
✬
✚
❢
✓ ✖✓ ✔ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✍ ✶ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✥ ✎ ✍
♦
✌ ✥ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✒ ★ ❛✦ ✍ ✓ ✒ ✵ ✢ ✔ ✌ ✑ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✌
✥ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✚
✷ ✡✷
❫
❛✒ ✘ ✑ ✥ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✌ ❞ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✒ ✒ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✥ ✶ ✑ ✵ ✘ ✦ ✎ ✕ ✕ ✓ ✣ ✌ ❞ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✦ ✓ ✏ ✽ ✾ ✾ ✖ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✵ ✦ ✏ ✌ ✌ ✦ ✏ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✖
❞ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✏
♦
✎ ✍ ✥ ✌ ✵ ✗ ✎ ✖ ❞ ✘ ✦ ✦ ✌ ✏
♦
✖ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✖ ✎
♦
✓ ✔ ✒ ✾ ✚ ✾ ✛ ✑ ✚ t ☞ ✎ ✒ ❞ ✓ ✌ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✑ ✘ ✗ ✧ ✕ ✖ ✦ ✓ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✥ ✥ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✥ ✖
✓ ✦ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✍ ❞ ✎ ✏ ❞ ✥ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✥ ✶ ✘ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✌ ✹ ✘ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✏
✭
✎ ✕ ✓ ✦ ✽ ✑ ★
✷ ✡✷
❴ ✮
✑ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✎
✭
✌ ✏ ✎ ✢✌ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✑ ❞ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✦ ✎ ✑ ✓ ❞ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✑ ✘ ✼ ✌ ✒ ✓
♦
✌ ✎
♦
✓ ✔ ✒
✛ ✚ ❆
Å
✚ ✪
❵
✑ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✶ ✍ ✓ ✣ ✍
✭
✎ ✕ ✔ ✌ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✫
✭
✓ ✢ ✎ ❞ ✏ ✓
❜
✑ ✍ ✔ ✗
♦
✌ ✏ ✎ ✍ ❞ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✑ ✓ ❞ ✘ ✔ ✗
✬
✚
❈
✓ ✗ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✘ ✒ ✣ ✘ ✒ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✌ ❞ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✦ ✑ ✓ ❞ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✥ ✏ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✕ ✕ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✧ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✌ ❡ ✜
❃
✾ ✶ ✢ ✗
➊
❁
✚ ✫ ✏ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✌
✒ ✣ ✓ ❞ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✗ ✌ ✓ ✏ ❞ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✦ ✗ ✎ ✢✍ ✘ ✒ ✔ ❞ ✌ ★ ❛✦ ✑ ✓ ✵ ✣ ☞ ✖ ★
✷ ✡✷
❝
❚ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✓ ✦ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✢✒ ☞ ✥ ✓ ✍
✭
✌ ✍ ✘ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✔ ✥ ✕ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✎ ✕ ✌ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✦ ✌ ✏ ✗ ✘ ❡ ✽ ✦
❙
✽ ✾
➊ ❣ ❤
✗ ✚ ♠ ✔ ✥ ✕ ✌ ✎ ✏
✑ ✘ ✼ ✌ ✑ ✓
♦
✌ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✢ ☞ ✕ ✖ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✕ ✓ ✣ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✌ ✗ ✧ ✘ ✏ ✘ ✥ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✍ ❡
r ❥ r
❦
❧
❣ ♣
❁
✣ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✌
r
✘ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✎ ❞ ✘ ✔✑ ✓ ✦ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✔ ✥ ✕ ✌ ✔✑ ✵
❧
✘ ✒ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✗
♦
✌ ✏ ✵ ✎ ✍ ❞
r
q
✘ ✑ ✎ ✥ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✱ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✓
✎
♦
✓ ✔ ✒ ✵ ✽ ✚ ✛ ✦ ✚
✯
☞ ✓ ✣ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✒ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✔✕ ✌ ✘ ✗ ✧ ✕ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✥ ✕ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✑ ❞ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✥ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✒
✦ ✓ ✏ ❞ ✘ ✦ ✦ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✥ ✕ ✌ ✘ ✚
✮
✑ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✑ ❞ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✦ ✑ ✓ ❞ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✍ ✔ ✥ ✕ ✌ ✔✑ ✚
❈
✓ ✗ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✘ ✒ ✣ ✘ ✒ ☞
✒ ☞ ✌ ✎
✭
✌ ✏ ✎ ✢✌ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✑ ❞ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✦ ✎ ✑ ✓ ❞ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✓
♦
✒ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✌ ❞ ✘ ✍
✮
✩ ✌ ✏ ✥ ✘ ✑ ✌ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✛
❃
✚
✷ ✡✷
s
✫
✉
✫
✯ ✮ ✇
✘ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✥ ✌ ✓ ✦
✭
✌ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✵ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✥ ☞ ✏ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✥ ✵ ✎ ✍ ❞ ✔ ✍ ✘ ❞ ✘ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✕
♦
✌ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✦
✕ ✘ ✢☞ ✒ ✚ ❚ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✧ ✏ ✓ ✧ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✕ ✘ ✢ ☞ ✒ ✥ ✎ ✍
♦
✌ ✌ ✩ ✧ ✕ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✌ ❞ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✓ ✍ ✢ ❞ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✥ ✌ ✑ ✚
❚ ☞ ✌ ❞ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✥ ✌ ✓ ✦ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✺ ✓ ✓ ✍ ✦ ✏ ✓ ✗ ✒ ☞ ✌
✮
✎ ✏ ✒ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✑
♦
✌ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✎ ❞ ✖ ❞ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✍ ✌ ❞
✭
✌ ✏ ✖ ✧ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✘ ✑ ✌ ✕ ✖
✔✑ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✥ ✌ ✓ ✦ ✕ ✘ ✢☞ ✒ ✚ ✫ ✕ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✕ ✘ ✢ ☞ ✒
♦
✌ ✎ ✗ ✌ ❞ ✎ ✒ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✺ ✓ ✓ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✶ ✌ ✑ ✛ ✚ ❆ ❀ ✑ ✒ ✓
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✸ ✆
r ✝ ✞ ✟r ✠ ✡ ☛ ✞ ✝ r r ✝ ☛ ☞ ✝ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✞ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✒ ✓ ✓ ✟r ☛ ✡ ✌ ✝ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✟ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✞ ✏ ✝ r ✡ ✘ ✍ ✟ ✓ ✎ ☛ ✞ ✏ ✝ ☞ ✟✠ ✡ r
✎ r ♦ ✍ ✞ ✡ r ✎ ✟✠ ✘ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✙ ✡ r ✞ ✏ ✚
✷ ✛✜ ✢ ❆ ✣ ✤ ✥ ❆ ✦ ✧ ✓ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✘ ✠ ✡ ★ ✍ ✩✡ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✘ r ✡ ✠ ✩ ✍ ✠ ✩ ✪ ✟ ✓ ✝ ✓ ✟☞ ✞ r ✡ ✓ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✡ ★ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✎ ✘ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✌ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✘ ☞ ✎ ✌ ✡ ✞ ✝
✎ ♦
✫
✝ ✌ ✞ ✓ ✟✠ ✘ ✝ r ✖ ✡ ✞ ✝ r ✔
✳
✠ ✡ ✓ ✟♦ ✗ ✡ r ✍ ✠ ✝ ✝
✬
✟ ✍
✭ ✭
✝ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✞ ✏ ✡ ✣ ✤ ✥ ❆ ✦ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✗ ✝ ✘ ✝ ☞ ✡
✮
♦ ✝ ✞ ✖ ✝ ✝ ✠
✩✝ ✠ ✝ r ✡ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✎ ☛ ✡
✭
r ✎ ♦ ✝ ✖ ✡ ★ ✝ ✡ ✠ ✘ ✞ ✏ ✝ r ✝ ✌ ✝
✭
✞ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✞ ✓ ✝ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✞ ✝ r r ✝ ☛ ☞ ✝ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✠ ☛ r ✎ ✗ ✡ ✠
✝ ✠ ✝ ✗
✮
✓ ✟♦ ✗ ✡ r ✍ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✓ ☛ ✎ ✟✠ ✘ ✞ ✎ ♦ ✝ ❡ ❡ ✔ ✯ ✓ ✔ ✰ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✘ ✍ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✝ ✎ ☛ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✝ ✠ ✝ ✗
✮
✓ ✟ ♦ ✗ ✡ r ✍ ✠ ✝ ✚
✧ ✣
✭
✝ ✝ ✘ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✎ ✟✠ ✘ ✍ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✞ ✝ r
✱ ✲ ✴ ✵
✯ ✗ ✓
➊ ✶
✪ ✔
✷ ✛✜ ✹ ❚ ✏ ✝ ☛ ✡ r ✞ ✏ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✎ ♦
✫
✝ ✌ ✞ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✎ ✟ r ✺ ✠ ✍ ★ ✝ r ✓ ✝ ✘ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✎ ★ ✝ r ✝ ✘ ♦
✮
✗ ✎ ✘ ✝ r ✠ ✡ ✓ ✞ r ✎ ✠ ✎ ✗ ✝ r ✓ ✡ r ✝ ✓ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✞
✞ ✏ ✡ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✩ ✏ ✞ ✝ ✗ ✍ ✞ ✞ ✝ ✘ ♦
✮
✞ ✏ ✝ ✗ ✞ ✡ t ✝ ✓ ♦ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✎ ☛
✮
✝ ✡ r ✓ ✞ ✎ r ✝ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✙ ✡ r ✞ ✏ ✔ ❚ ✏ ✝ ✓ ✝ ✎ ♦
✫
✝ ✌ ✞ ✓
✧ t ✠ ✎ ✖ ✠ ✡ ✓
✬
✟✡ ✓ ✡ r ✓ ✪ ✏ ✡ ★ ✝ ✗ ✡ ✠
✮ ✭
✟
✻ ✻
☞ ✍ ✠ ✩ ☛ ✝ ✡ ✞ ✟r ✝ ✓
✼
✖ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✡ ★ ✝ ✠ ✎ ✞
✮
✝ ✞ ♦ ✝ ✝ ✠ ✓ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✓ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✞ ✎ r ✍ ☞
✮
✝ ✽
✭
☞ ✡ ✍ ✠ ✝ ✘ ✔ ✰ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✘ ✍ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✝ ✍ ✠ t ✗ ✎ ☛ ✡
✬
✟✡ ✓ ✡ r ☛ r ✎ ✗ ✖ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✩✏ ✞ ✞ ✡ t ✝ ✓ ✾ ✔ ✯ ♦ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✠
✮
✝ ✡ r ✓ ✞ ✎ r ✝ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✟ ✓ ✚
✷ ✛✜ ✷
✳
✞ ✍ ✓ ✡ ✖ ✝ ☞ ☞ t ✠ ✎ ✖ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✞ ✞ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✘ ✟r ✍ ✠ ✩ ✡ ✞ ✎ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✡ r ✝ ✌ ☞ ✍
✭
✓ ✝ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✘ ✍ ✓ t ✎ ☛ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✗ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✗ ✎ ✓ ✞
✌ ✎ ✗
✭
☞ ✝ ✞ ✝ ☞
✮
✌ ✎ ★ ✝ r ✓ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✘ ✍ ✓ t ✎ ☛ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✣ ✟✠ ✔
❝
r ✎ ✗ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✓ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✘ ☛ r ✎ ✗ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✎ r ✗ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✠
✮
✎ ✟
✌ ✡ ✠ ✩ ✡ ✞ ✏ ✝ r ☛ r ✎ ✗ ✝ ✽ ✡ ✗
✭
☞ ✝ ✓ ✿ ✔ ✾ ✡ ✠ ✘ ✿ ✔
✴ ✼
✘ ✝ ✞ ✝ r ✗ ✍ ✠ ✝ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✡
✭ ✭
r ✎ ✽ ✍ ✗ ✡ ✞ ✝ ✘ ✍ ✡ ✗ ✝ ✞ ✝ r ✎ ☛ ✞ ✏ ✝
✗ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✔
✷ ✛✜ ✜ ❆ ✩ r ✝ ✡ ✞
✭
✏
✮
✓ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✞ ✎ ☛ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✝ ✠ ✞ ✟r
✮
✧
❀
✔ ❆ ✔ ✑ ✔
❁
✍ r ✡ ✌ ✪ ☞ ✎ ★ ✝ ✘
✭
☞ ✡
✮
✍ ✠ ✩ ✖ ✍ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✟ ✗ ✝ r ✍ ✌ ✡ ☞ ★ ✡ ☞ ✟✝ ✓ ✎ ☛
❝
✟✠ ✘ ✡ ✗ ✝ ✠ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✓ ✎ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✞ ✟ r ✝ ✔ ❚ ✏ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✝ ✘ ✏ ✍ ✗ ✞ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✞ ✝ r ✝ ✓ ✞ ✍ ✠ ✩ ✎ ♦ ✓ ✝ r ★ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✔
❁
✍ r ✡ ✌
☛ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✘ ✞ ✏ ✡ ✞ ☛ r ✎ ✗ ✞ ✏ ✝ ♦ ✡ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✓ ✎ ☛ ✡ ✞ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✌
✭
✏
✮
✓ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✧ ❂
✼
❃
✼
✗ ✡ ✓ ✓ ✎ ☛ ✝ ☞ ✝ ✌ ✞ r ✎ ✠
✼
✗ ✡ ✓ ✓ ✎ ☛
✭
r ✎ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✪ ✡ ✠ ✘ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✩ r ✡ ★ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✞ ●
✼
✏ ✝ ✌ ✎ ✟☞ ✘ ✡ r r ✍ ★ ✝ ✡ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✟ ✗ ♦ ✝ r ✖ ✍ ✞ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✝
✘ ✍ ✗ ✝ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✎ ☛ ✞ ✍ ✗ ✝ ✔
❝
✟r ✞ ✏ ✝ r
✼
✍ ✞ ✖ ✡ ✓ ✡ ★ ✝ r
✮
☞ ✡ r ✩✝ ✠ ✟ ✗ ♦ ✝ r
✼
✍ ✞ ✓ ✗ ✡ ✩✠ ✍ ✞ ✟✘ ✝ ♦ ✝ ✍ ✠ ✩ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✓ ✝ ✞ ✎
✞ ✏ ✝
✭
r ✝ ✓ ✝ ✠ ✞ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✍ ✗ ✡ ✞ ✝ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✡ ✩✝ ✎ ☛ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✟✠ ✍ ★ ✝ r ✓ ✝ ✧ ❄
✲ ✵
♦ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✠
✮
✝ ✡ r ✓ ✪ ✔
❝
r ✎ ✗ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✞ ✡ ♦ ☞ ✝ ✎ ☛
☛ ✟ ✠ ✘ ✡ ✗ ✝ ✠ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✓ ♦ ✎ ✎ t
✼
✞ r
✮
✞ ✎ ✓ ✝ ✝ ✍ ☛
✮
✎ ✟ ✞ ✎ ✎ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✞ r ✟ ✌ ✞ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✗ ♦ ✝ r
✧ ✎ r ✡ ✠
✮
✎ ✞ ✏ ✝ r ✍ ✠ ✞ ✝ r ✝ ✓ ✞ ✍ ✠ ✩ ✠ ✟ ✗ ♦ ✝ r
✮
✎ ✟ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✠ t ✎ ☛ ✪ ✔
✳
☛ ✍ ✞ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✘ ✝ ✠ ✌ ✝ ✖ ✍ ✞ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✡ ✩✝ ✎ ☛
✞ ✏ ✝ ✟✠ ✍ ★ ✝ r ✓ ✝ ✖ ✝ r ✝ ✓ ✍ ✩✠ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✞
✼
✖ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✖ ✎ ✟☞ ✘ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✗
✭
☞
✮
☛ ✎ r ✞ ✏ ✝ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✌
✮
✎ ☛ ☛ ✟✠ ✘ ✡ ✗ ✝ ✠ ✞ ✡ ☞
✌ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✓ ✚
❈ ❍  ✁✂ ✄ ☎ ✥ ❍☎ ✄ ✄
▼ ❖ ✆ ✝ ❖ ✞ ✝ ✞ ❆ ✟ ✆ ❚ ❆ ✝ ✠ ✡ ✆ ☛ ✝ ✞ ■
✸ ☞ ✌ ✍✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔✕ ✏ ✖ ✒ ✎
✸ ☞
✗ P
✒
✘
✖ ✏ ✖ ✒ ✎
✙ ✚ ✛
✏
✜ ✢ ✣
✎
✤
✏
✜ ✛
✎ ✓
✓ ✖
✘ ✚ ✢ ✛
✕
✣ ❞ ✣
✎ ✏
✸ ☞ ✸ ✦✧
✣
✑
✛ ✤✣
✧
✣ ✢
✒ ✕ ✖ ✏ ★
✛
✎ ✓
✛
✧
✣
✑
✛ ✤ ✣
✘ ✚ ✣ ✣
✓
✸ ☞ ✩ ✍✎
✘
✏
✛
✎ ✏
✛
✎
✣
✒ ✔
✘
✧
✣ ✢
✒ ✕ ✖ ✏ ★
✛
✎ ✓
✘ ✚ ✣ ✣
✓
✸ ☞
✪
✦ ✕ ✕
✣ ✢ ✣
✑
✛
✏ ✖ ✒ ✎
✸ ☞ ✫ ❑ ✖ ✎
✣ ❞ ✛
✏ ✖ ✕
✣
✬ ✔
✛
✏ ✖ ✒ ✎
✘
✭ ✒ ✑
✔✎ ✖ ✭ ✒ ✑
❞ ✢
★
✛
✕ ✕
✣ ✢ ✣
✑
✛
✏
✣
✓
❞
✒ ✏ ✖ ✒ ✎
✸ ☞ ✮ ❘
✣ ✢ ✛
✏ ✖ ✧
✣
✧
✣ ✢
✒ ✕ ✖ ✏ ★
❙
✔
❞ ❞ ✛
✑ ★
P
✒ ✖ ✎ ✏
✘
✏ ✒
✚
✒ ✎ ✓
✣
✑
❊ ✯
✣
✑ ✕ ✖
✘ ✣ ✘
✦✓ ✓ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✒ ✎
✛ ✢ ✣
✯
✣
✑ ✕ ✖
✘ ✣ ✘
✦
✚ ✚ ✣
✎ ✓ ✖ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲
✸ ☞ ✌
✳ ✴✵ ✶ ✷ ✹ ✺✻✵ ✳ ✷ ✴
✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ✿ ❁ ❂ ✽ ❃ ❃ ✽ ❀ ✾ ✽ ❄ ❅ ❄ ❇ ❉ ✾ ❋ ✿ ❀ ● ✿ ❀ ✾ ❋ ❄ ❏ ❀ ✿ ❅ ❄ ❇ ❁ ❄ ▲ ◆ ❄ ❡ ◗ ❯ ❱ ❲
❇ ❏ ❀ ◗ ❀ r ❇ ✿ r ❄ ◗ ❳ ✿ ❂ ❉ ❂ ❯ ❄ ▲ ❨ ❅ ❄ ❀ ❡ ❋ ❄ ❀ ❡ ❄ ◗ ❇ ❄ ❁ ❯ ❄ ❄ ❩ ✿ ❀ ● ❲ ◗ ✿ ❇ ❃ ✽ ❅ ❄ ❁
✿ ❀ ✾ ✽ ◗ ❀ r ✽ ❏ ✾ ✽ ✐ ✽ ❏ ❇ ❯ ❏ ❀ ● ❁ ◗ ❀ r ❳ ❯ ✽ ✽ r ✐ ❯ ✽ ❡ ❁ ✿ ❀ ◗ ❇ ✾ ❄ ❇ ✿ ❄ ❁ ◗ ❀ r
❅ ❄ ✿ ❀ ❁ ▲ ◆ ❄ ❁ ❄ ❄ ❯ ❄ ◗ ❅ ❄ ❁ ✐ ◗ ❯ ❯ ✿ ❀ ● ✐ ❇ ✽ ❃ ✾ ❇ ❄ ❄ ❁ ◗ ❀ r ❡ ◗ ✾ ❄ ❇ ✐ ❯ ✽ ❡ ✿ ❀ ●
r ✽ ❡ ❀ ◗ r ◗ ❃ ▲
❬
❏ ✾ ✽ ❃ ✽ ❳ ✿ ❯ ❄ ❁ ◗ ❀ r ❩ ❯ ◗ ❀ ❄ ❁ ❂ ◗ ❇ ❇ ❉ ❩ ❄ ✽ ❩ ❯ ❄ ✐ ❇ ✽ ❃ ✽ ❀ ❄
❩ ❯ ◗ ❂ ❄ ✾ ✽ ✾ ❋ ❄ ✽ ✾ ❋ ❄ ❇ ▲
❭
❋ ❄ ❄ ◗ ❇ ✾ ❋ ❇ ✽ ✾ ◗ ✾ ❄ ❁ ✽ ❀ ❂ ❄ ❄ ❅ ❄ ❇ ❉ ✾ ❡ ❄ ❀ ✾ ❉
♦
✐ ✽ ❏ ❇
❋ ✽ ❏ ❇ ❁ ◗ ❀ r ❇ ❄ ❅ ✽ ❯ ❅ ❄ ❁ ❇ ✽ ❏ ❀ r ✾ ❋ ❄ ❁ ❏ ❀ ✽ ❀ ❂ ❄ ✿ ❀ ◗ ❉ ❄ ◗ ❇ ▲
❭
❋ ❄ ❁ ❏ ❀
✿ ✾ ❁ ❄ ❯ ✐ ✿ ❁ ✿ ❀ ❃ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ✿ ❀ ✾ ❋ ❄ ✼ ✿ ❯ ❱ ❉ ◆ ◗ ❉ ❲ ❡ ❋ ✿ ❂ ❋ ✿ ❁ ◗ ● ◗ ✿ ❀ ❃ ✽ ❅ ✿ ❀ ●
❡ ✿ ✾ ❋ ✿ ❀ ✿ ✾ ❁ ❯ ✽ ❂ ◗ ❯ ● ❇ ✽ ❏ ❩ ✽ ✐ ● ◗ ❯ ◗ ✇ ✿ ❄ ❁ ▲
✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ✿ ❁ ❂ ❋ ◗ ❀ ● ❄ ✿ ❀ ❩ ✽ ❁ ✿ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ✽ ✐ ◗ ❀ ✽ ❳ ❪ ❄ ❂ ✾ ❡ ✿ ✾ ❋ ✾ ✿ ❃ ❄ ▲ ❫ ✽ ❡
r ✽ ❄ ❁ ✾ ❋ ❄ ❩ ✽ ❁ ✿ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ❂ ❋ ◗ ❀ ● ❄ ❡ ✿ ✾ ❋ ✾ ✿ ❃ ❄
❴ ❵
❀ ✾ ❋ ✿ ❁ ❂ ❋ ◗ ❩ ✾ ❄ ❇ ❲ ❡ ❄ ❁ ❋ ◗ ❯ ❯
❯ ❄ ◗ ❇ ❀ ❋ ✽ ❡ ✾ ✽ r ❄ ❁ ❂ ❇ ✿ ❳ ❄ ❃ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ▲
❧
✽ ❇ ✾ ❋ ✿ ❁ ❲ ❡ ❄ r ❄ ❅ ❄ ❯ ✽ ❩ ✾ ❋ ❄
❂ ✽ ❀ ❂ ❄ ❩ ✾ ❁ ✽ ✐ ❅ ❄ ❯ ✽ ❂ ✿ ✾ ❉ ◗ ❀ r ◗ ❂ ❂ ❄ ❯ ❄ ❇ ◗ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ▲ ◆ ❄ ❁ ❋ ◗ ❯ ❯ ❂ ✽ ❀ ✐ ✿ ❀ ❄
✽ ❏ ❇ ❁ ❄ ❯ ❅ ❄ ❁ ✾ ✽ ✾ ❋ ❄ ❁ ✾ ❏ r ❉ ✽ ✐ ❃ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ✽ ✐ ✽ ❳ ❪ ❄ ❂ ✾ ❁ ◗ ❯ ✽ ❀ ● ◗ ❁ ✾ ❇ ◗ ✿ ● ❋ ✾
❯ ✿ ❀ ❄ ❲ ◗ ❯ ❁ ✽ ❱ ❀ ✽ ❡ ❀ ◗ ❁ ❛❜ ❝ ❢ ❣ ❤ ❣ ❥ ❜ ❦ ❛ ♠ ♥ ❢ ❣ ♥ ❥ ▲
❧
✽ ❇ ✾ ❋ ❄ ❂ ◗ ❁ ❄ ✽ ✐
❇ ❄ ❂ ✾ ✿ ❯ ✿ ❀ ❄ ◗ ❇ ❃ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ❡ ✿ ✾ ❋ ❏ ❀ ✿ ✐ ✽ ❇ ❃ ◗ ❂ ❂ ❄ ❯ ❄ ❇ ◗ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ❲ ◗ ❁ ❄ ✾ ✽ ✐ ❁ ✿ ❃ ❩ ❯ ❄
❄
♣
❏ ◗ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ❁ ❂ ◗ ❀ ❳ ❄ ✽ ❳ ✾ ◗ ✿ ❀ ❄ r ▲
❧
✿ ❀ ◗ ❯ ❯ ❉ ❲ ✾ ✽ ❏ ❀ r ❄ ❇ ❁ ✾ ◗ ❀ r ✾ ❋ ❄ ❇ ❄ ❯ ◗ ✾ ✿ ❅ ❄
❀ ◗ ✾ ❏ ❇ ❄ ✽ ✐ ❃ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ❲ ❡ ❄ ✿ ❀ ✾ ❇ ✽ r ❏ ❂ ❄ ✾ ❋ ❄ ❂ ✽ ❀ ❂ ❄ ❩ ✾ ✽ ✐ ❇ ❄ ❯ ◗ ✾ ✿ ❅ ❄ ❅ ❄ ❯ ✽ ❂ ✿ ✾ ❉ ▲
❵
❀ ✽ ❏ ❇ r ✿ ❁ ❂ ❏ ❁ ❁ ✿ ✽ ❀ ❁ ❲ ❡ ❄ ❁ ❋ ◗ ❯ ❯ ✾ ❇ ❄ ◗ ✾ ✾ ❋ ❄ ✽ ❳ ❪ ❄ ❂ ✾ ❁ ✿ ❀ ❃ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ◗ ❁
❩ ✽ ✿ ❀ ✾ ✽ ❳ ❪ ❄ ❂ ✾ ❁ ▲
❭
❋ ✿ ❁ ◗ ❩ ❩ ❇ ✽ ✇ ✿ ❃ ◗ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ✿ ❁ ❅ ◗ ❯ ✿ r ❁ ✽ ✐ ◗ ❇ ◗ ❁ ✾ ❋ ❄ ❁ ✿ q ❄
✽ ✐ ✾ ❋ ❄ ✽ ❳ ❪ ❄ ❂ ✾ ✿ ❁ ❃ ❏ ❂ ❋ ❁ ❃ ◗ ❯ ❯ ❄ ❇ ✾ ❋ ◗ ❀ ✾ ❋ ❄ r ✿ ❁ ✾ ◗ ❀ ❂ ❄ ✿ ✾ ❃ ✽ ❅ ❄ ❁ ✿ ❀ ◗
❇ ❄ ◗ ❁ ✽ ❀ ◗ ❳ ❯ ❄ r ❏ ❇ ◗ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ✽ ✐ ✾ ✿ ❃ ❄ ▲
❵
❀ ◗ ● ✽ ✽ r ❀ ❏ ❃ ❳ ❄ ❇ ✽ ✐ ❁ ✿ ✾ ❏ ◗ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ❁
✿ ❀ ❇ ❄ ◗ ❯
♦
❯ ✿ ✐ ❄ ❲ ✾ ❋ ❄ ❁ ✿ q ❄ ✽ ✐ ✽ ❳ ❪ ❄ ❂ ✾ ❁ ❂ ◗ ❀ ❳ ❄ ❀ ❄ ● ❯ ❄ ❂ ✾ ❄ r ◗ ❀ r ✾ ❋ ❄ ❉ ❂ ◗ ❀
❳ ❄ ❂ ✽ ❀ ❁ ✿ r ❄ ❇ ❄ r ◗ ❁ ❩ ✽ ✿ ❀ ✾
♦
❯ ✿ ❱ ❄ ✽ ❳ ❪ ❄ ❂ ✾ ❁ ❡ ✿ ✾ ❋ ✽ ❏ ✾ ❃ ❏ ❂ ❋ ❄ ❇ ❇ ✽ ❇ ▲
❵
❀
s
❣ ❥ ❜ ♠ ❦ ❢ ❣ ❝
t
❲ ❡ ❄ ❁ ✾ ❏ r ❉ ❡ ◗ ❉ ❁ ✾ ✽ r ❄ ❁ ❂ ❇ ✿ ❳ ❄ ❃ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ❡ ✿ ✾ ❋ ✽ ❏ ✾
● ✽ ✿ ❀ ● ✿ ❀ ✾ ✽ ✾ ❋ ❄ ❂ ◗ ❏ ❁ ❄ ❁ ✽ ✐ ❃ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ▲ ◆ ❋ ◗ ✾ ❂ ◗ ❏ ❁ ❄ ❁ ❃ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀
r ❄ ❁ ❂ ❇ ✿ ❳ ❄ r ✿ ❀ ✾ ❋ ✿ ❁ ❂ ❋ ◗ ❩ ✾ ❄ ❇ ◗ ❀ r ✾ ❋ ❄ ❀ ❄ ✇ ✾ ❂ ❋ ◗ ❩ ✾ ❄ ❇ ✐ ✽ ❇ ❃ ❁ ✾ ❋ ❄
❁ ❏ ❳ ❪ ❄ ❂ ✾ ❃ ◗ ✾ ✾ ❄ ❇ ✽ ✐ ✉ ❋ ◗ ❩ ✾ ❄ ❇ ✈ ▲
✸ ☞
✗
①
✷
②
✳ ✵ ✳ ✷ ✴
③ ① ④
✵
⑤ ⑥ ⑦
✴
⑧
✵
⑤ ④
✴ ✹ ✹ ✳
② ① ⑥ ④
✻
⑦ ⑨ ⑦
✴✵
❨ ◗ ❇ ❯ ✿ ❄ ❇ ❉ ✽ ❏ ❯ ❄ ◗ ❇ ❀ ✾ ✾ ❋ ◗ ✾ ❃ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ✿ ❁ ❂ ❋ ◗ ❀ ● ❄ ✿ ❀ ❩ ✽ ❁ ✿ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ✽ ✐ ◗ ❀
✽ ❳ ❪ ❄ ❂ ✾ ❡ ✿ ✾ ❋ ✾ ✿ ❃ ❄ ▲
❵
❀ ✽ ❇ r ❄ ❇ ✾ ✽ ❁ ❩ ❄ ❂ ✿ ✐ ❉ ❩ ✽ ❁ ✿ ✾ ✿ ✽ ❀ ❲ ❡ ❄ ❀ ❄ ❄ r ✾ ✽ ❏ ❁ ❄
◗ ❇ ❄ ✐ ❄ ❇ ❄ ❀ ❂ ❄ ❩ ✽ ✿ ❀ ✾ ◗ ❀ r ◗ ❁ ❄ ✾ ✽ ✐ ◗ ✇ ❄ ❁ ▲
❵
✾ ✿ ❁ ❂ ✽ ❀ ❅ ❄ ❀ ✿ ❄ ❀ ✾ ✾ ✽ ❂ ❋ ✽ ✽ ❁ ❄
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✹ ✆
✇ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✞ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ☛ ✓ ✔ ☞ ✎ ✝ ✕ ✝ ✓ ☞ ✌
✞ ✟ ✠ ☛ t ✝ ✑ ☛ ✑ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✒ ✇ ✟ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✑ ✞ ☛ ✎ ✞ ✠ ✔
✒ ☞ ♠ ✝ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✝ ✗ ✠ ✗ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✇ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✞ ① ✥ ✘ ☛ ✞ ✙ ✥ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✝ ✕ ✗ ✸ ✗ ✜ ✢ ✗
▲ ✠ ✞ ✣ ✖
Q
☛ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✎
☛ ✞ ✔ ✝ ✌ ✌ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✝ ✓ ✑ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✞ ✝ ✒ ✠ ✗ ❛☞ ✓ ✑ ✝ ✔ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✇ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✑
☞ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✗ ♦ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✝ ✎ ✑ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✒ ☞ ♠ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✒
❖ ✞ ☞ ✣ ✗ ✳ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✔ ✝ ✑ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✒ ☞ ♠ ✠ ✔ ✦ ✧ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✝ ✑
❖ ✣ ✥ ★ ✸ ✩ ✘ ✒ ✗ ❚ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✬ ✮✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✫ ✬ ✱ ✯ ✴ ✴ ✲ ✭ ✮✪ ✲ ✵ ✯ ✮✪
✴ ✲ ✰ ❧ ✮ ✪ ✞ ✎ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✎ ✑ ✠ ✔ ✦ ✧ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✶ ♦ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✔
✍ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✒ ☞ ♠ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✒ ❖ ✞ ☞ ✣ ☛ ✓ ✔ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✒ ☞ ♠ ✠ ✑
✦ ☛ ✍ ❜ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✒ ✣ ✞ ☞ Q✗ ✷ ✺ ✎ ✝ ✓ ✕ ✞ ✟ ✝ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✺ ✎ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✖
✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✞ ✟ ✻ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✎ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✎ ✑ ✠ ✔ ✝ ✑ ❖ ✣ ★ ✣ ✼ ✥ ★ ✸ ✩ ✘ ✒
★ ✚ ★ ✜ ✽ ✘ ✒ ✢ ✥ ★ ✾ ✿ ✘ ✒ ✗ ✣ ☛ ✞ ✟ ✻ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✞ ✟ ✝ ✑ ☛ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✻ ☛ ✎
q ✺ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✝ ✞ ✧ ❀ ☛ q ✺ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✝ ✞ ✧ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✕ ✓ ✝ ✞ ✺ ✔ ✠
☞ ✓ ✻ ✧ ☛ ✓ ✔ ✓ ☞ ✔ ✝ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✚ ✑ ✠ ✠ ❛ ✟ ☛ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✎ ✾ ✢ ✗
❉ ❁ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❆ ❇ ❈ ❇ ❊ ❋
♦ ✞ ✝ ✑ ✺ ✑ ✠ ✌ ✺ ✻ ✞ ☞ ✔ ✠ ✌ ✝ ✓ ✠ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✎ q ✺ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✝ ✞ ✧
✔ ✝ ✑ ✡ ✻ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✞ ☛ ✑ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✕ ✠ ✝ ✓ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✗ ▲ ✠ ✞
①
●
☛ ✓ ✔ ①
❍
✦ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✑ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✦
■
✠ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✞ ✞ ✝ ✒ ✠ ✙
●
☛ ✓ ✔ ✙
❍
✗ ✳ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✝ ✞ ✑ ✔ ✝ ✑ ✡ ✻ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✖ ✔ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✞ ✠ ✔ ✦ ✧
❏
① ✖ ✝ ✓
✞ ✝ ✒ ✠
❏
✙ ✥ ✚ ✙
❍
❑
✙
●
✢ ✖ ✝ ✑ ✕ ✝ ♠ ✠ ✓ ✦ ✧ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✔ ✝ ✌ ✌ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✠
✦ ✠ ✞ ✇ ✠ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✝ ✓ ☛ ✻ ☛ ✓ ✔ ✝ ✓ ✝ ✞ ✝ ☛ ✻ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✑ ▼
❏
① ✥ ①
❍
➊ ①
●
✚ ◆ ✠ ✺ ✑ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ❡ ✎ ✠ ✠ ❜ ✻ ✠ ✞ ✞ ✠ ✎ ✔ ✠ ✻ ✞ ☛ ✚
❏
✢ ✞ ☞ ✔ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✞ ✠ ☛
✍ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✕ ✠ ✝ ✓ ☛ q ✺ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✝ ✞ ✧ ✗ ✢
♦ ✌ ①
❍
◗
①
●
✖
❏
① ✝ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✝ ♠ ✠
✐
☛ ✓ ✔ ✝ ✌ ①
❍
❘
①
●
✖
❏
① ✝ ✑
✓ ✠ ✕ ☛ ✞ ✝ ♠ ✠ ✗
✷ ✝ ✑ ✡ ✻ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✑ ✦ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✒ ☛ ✕ ✓ ✝ ✞ ✺ ✔ ✠ ☛ ✓ ✔
✔ ✝ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✗
❞
✺ ✍ ✟ q ✺ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✠ ✑ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✠ ✔ ✦ ✧
♠ ✠ ✍ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✈ ☞ ✺ ✇ ✝ ✻ ✻ ✎ ✠ ☛ ✔ ☛ ✦ ☞ ✺ ✞ ♠ ✠ ✍ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✠ t ✞
✍ ✟ ☛ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✻ ✧ ✖ ✇ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✔ ✠ ☛ ✻ ✝ ✓ ✕ ✇ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✒ ☞ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓
☛ ✻ ☞ ✓ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✞ ✎ ☛ ✝ ✕ ✟ ✞ ✻ ✝ ✓ ✠ ✚ ☛ ✻ ✑ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✻ ✻ ✠ ✔ r ✲ ✱ ✮ ✫ ✴ ✫ ✰ ✲ ✯ r
❙ ❯ ✮ ✫ ❯ ✰ ✢ ☞ ✓ ✻ ✧ ✗ ♦ ✓ ☞ ✓ ✠
❑
✔ ✝ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✑ ✝ ☞ ✓ ☛ ✻ ✒ ☞ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✎ ✠
☛ ✎ ✠ ❱ ❲ ❳❨ ✙ ❩ ❱ ✔ ✝ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✑ ✚ ✦ ☛ ✍ ❜ ✇ ☛ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✓ ✔ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✇ ☛ ✎ ✔ ✖
✺ ✡ ✇ ☛ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✓ ✔ ✔ ☞ ✇ ✓ ✇ ☛ ✎ ✔ ✢ ✝ ✓ ✇ ✟ ✝ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✦
■
✠ ✍ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✓
✒ ☞ ♠ ✠ ✖ ☛ ✓ ✔ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✞ ✇ ☞ ✔ ✝ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✓ ✠ ☛ ✑ ✝ ✻ ✧ ✦ ✠
✑ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✝ ✌ ✝ ✠ ✔ ✦ ✧ ★ ☛ ✓ ✔ ➊ ✑ ✝ ✕ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✛ ☞ ✎ ✠ t ☛ ✒ ✡ ✻ ✠ ✖
✔ ✝ ✑ ✡ ✻ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✝ ✓ ✒ ☞ ♠ ✝ ✓ ✕ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✒ ❖ ✞ ☞ ✣ ✝ ✑ ▼
❏
① ✥ ①
❍
➊ ①
●
✥ ✚ ★ ✸ ✩ ✘ ✒ ✢ ➊ ✘ ✒ ✥ ★ ✸ ✩ ✘ ✒
✳ ✟ ✠ ✔ ✝ ✑ ✡ ✻ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✕ ✓ ✝ ✞ ✺ ✔ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✸ ✩ ✘ ✒ ☛ ✓ ✔
✝ ✑ ✔ ✝ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✔ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✝ ♠ ✠ ① ✔ ✝ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ☛ ✑ ✝ ✓ ✔ ✝ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✔
✦ ✧ ✞ ✟ ✠ ★ ✑ ✝ ✕ ✓ ✗
❞
✝ ✒ ✝ ✻ ☛ ✎ ✻ ✧ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✔ ✝ ✑ ✡ ✻ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✞ ✟ ✠
✍ ☛ ✎ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✒ ✣ ✞ ☞ ✼ ✝ ✑ ✽ ✾ ✘ ✒ ➊ ✸ ✩ ✘ ✒ ✥ ➊ ✜ ✽ ✘ ✒ ✗ ✳ ✟ ✠
❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❴❫ ❵ ❝❢ ❣ ❝❤ ❥❦ ♥ ♣ ❤ s ❤ ✉ ❣ ✉ ② ③ ♥ ❥ ❤ ④ ❤ ♥ ✉ ❥ ♥ ⑤ ❣ ⑥ ❣ ♣ ❣ ④ ② ❤ ⑤⑤ ⑦ ♣ ⑦ ✉ ④ ④ ❤ ⑧⑦ ❥⑨
☛ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✕ ✺ ✻ ☛ ✎ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✔ ✝ ✓ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✧ ✑ ✞ ✠ ✒ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✑ ✝ ✑ ✞ ✝ ✓ ✕ ☞ ✌
✞ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✠ ✒ ✺ ✞ ✺ ☛ ✻ ✻ ✧ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✔ ✺ ✍ ✺ ✻ ☛ ✎ ☛ t ✠ ✑ ✖ ✻ ☛ ✦ ✠ ✻ ✻ ✠ ✔
⑩ ❑
✖
✈
❑
✖ ☛ ✓ ✔
❶ ❑
☛ t ✠ ✑ ✗ ✳ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✝ ✓ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✠ ✎ ✑ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✠
✞ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✠ ☛ t ✠ ✑ ✝ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✻ ✻ ✠ ✔ ☞ ✎ ✝ ✕ ✝ ✓ ✚ ❖ ✢ ☛ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✠ ✎ ♠ ✠ ✑ ☛ ✑ ✞ ✟ ✠
r✲
❷
✲ r✲ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✵ ❯ ✫ ✰ ✮ ✗ ✳ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✔ ✝ ✓ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✚ ①
❸
❨
❹ ❺
✢ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✓
☞ ✦
■
✠ ✍ ✞ ✔ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✝ ✦ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✞ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✦
■
✠ ✍ ✞ ✇ ✝ ✞ ✟
✎ ✠ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✞ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✝ ✑ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✔ ✝ ✓ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✧ ✑ ✞ ✠ ✒ ✗ ✳ ☞ ✒ ✠ ☛ ✑ ✺ ✎ ✠
✞ ✝ ✒ ✠ ✖ ✇ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✻ ☞ ✍ ❜ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✝ ✑ ✑ ✧ ✑ ✞ ✠ ✒ ✗ ✳ ✟ ✝ ✑
✍ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✔ ✝ ✓ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✧ ✑ ✞ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✻ ☞ ✓ ✕ ✇ ✝ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✻ ☞ ✍ ❜ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✑ ✞ ✝ ✞ ✺ ✞ ✠ ✑
☛
❷
r ✯ ❙ ✲ ❯
❷
r ✲
❷
✲ r✲ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✗
♦ ✌ ☞ ✓ ✠ ☞ ✎ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✠ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✔ ✝ ✓ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✦
■
✠ ✍ ✞ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✕ ✠
✇ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✝ ✒ ✠ ✖ ✇ ✠ ✑ ☛ ✧ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✞ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✦
■
✠ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✑ ✝ ✓ ✒ ☞ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✗
❖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✎ ✇ ✝ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✦
■
✠ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✑ ✑ ☛ ✝ ✔ ✞ ☞ ✦ ✠ ☛ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✞ ✇ ✝ ✞ ✟
✎ ✠ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✞ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✝ ✑ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✗
✳ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✟ ☞ ✝ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✌ ☛ t ✠ ✑ ✝ ✓ ☛ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✌
✎ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✔ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✺ ✡ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✺ ☛ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✗ ✛ ☞ ✎
✠ t ☛ ✒ ✡ ✻ ✠ ✖ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✔ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✝ ✦ ✝ ✓ ✕ ✒ ☞ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✝ ✓ ☞ ✓ ✠ ✔ ✝ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✑ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✖
✇ ✠ ✓ ✠ ✠ ✔ ☞ ✓ ✻ ✧ ☞ ✓ ✠ ☛ t ✝ ✑ ✗ ✳ ☞ ✔ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✝ ✦ ✠ ✒ ☞ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✝ ✓
✞ ✇ ☞
❻
✞ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✠ ✔ ✝ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✑ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✑ ✖ ✇ ✠ ✓ ✠ ✠ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✞ ✇ ☞
❻
✞ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✠ ☛ t ✠ ✑ ✗
✷ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✝ ✡ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✔ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✔ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✒ ✠
☞ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✟ ☞ ✑ ✠ ✓ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✔ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✝ ✡ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✗ ✛ ☞ ✎
✠ t ☛ ✒ ✡ ✻ ✠ ✖ ✇ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✧ ☞ ✺ ✑ ☛ ✧ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✝ ✑ ✒ ☞ ♠ ✝ ✓ ✕ ☞ ✓
☛ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✔ ✖ ✧ ☞ ✺ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✔ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✝ ✦ ✝ ✓ ✕ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✇ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✞
✞ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✞ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✔ ✞ ☞ ✧ ☞ ✺ ☞ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✠
✕ ✎ ☞ ✺ ✓ ✔ ✗ ❼✺ ✞ ✇ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✞ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✠
☛ ✞ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✔ ✇ ✝ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✞ ✝ ✓ ✕ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠
✍ ☛ ✎ ✝ ✑ ☛ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✞ ✗
✳ ☞ ✔ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✝ ✦ ✠ ✒ ☞ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ☛ ✻ ☞ ✓ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✞ ✎ ☛ ✝ ✕ ✟ ✞ ✻ ✝ ✓ ✠ ✖ ✇ ✠
✍ ☛ ✓ ✍ ✟ ☞ ☞ ✑ ✠ ☛ ✓ ☛ t ✝ ✑ ✖ ✑ ☛ ✧
❽ ❑
☛ t ✝ ✑ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✝ ✞
✍ ☞ ✝ ✓ ✍ ✝ ✔ ✠ ✑ ✇ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✞ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✞ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✦
■
✠ ✍ ✞ ✗ ◆ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✓
✒ ✠ ☛ ✑ ✺ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✞ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✦
■
✠ ✍ ✞ ✇ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✠
✞ ☞ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✓ ♠ ✠ ✓ ✝ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✻ ✧ ✍ ✟ ☞ ✑ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✎ ✝ ✕ ✝ ✓ ✖ ✑ ☛ ✧ ❖ ✖ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✟ ☞ ✇ ✓
✝ ✓ ✛ ✝ ✕ ✗ ✸ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✣ ☞ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✑ ✞ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✎ ✝ ✕ ✟ ✞ ☞ ✌ ❖ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✞ ☛ ❜ ✠ ✓
☛ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✝ ♠ ✠ ☛ ✓ ✔ ✞ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✻ ✠ ✌ ✞ ☞ ✌ ❖ ✖ ☛ ✑ ✓ ✠ ✕ ☛ ✞ ✝ ♠ ✠ ✗
✛ ☞ ✻ ✻ ☞ ✇ ✝ ✓ ✕ ✞ ✟ ✝ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✓ ♠ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓
✍ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✔ ✝ ✓ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✣ ☛ ✓ ✔ ✼ ✝ ✓ ✛ ✝ ✕ ✗ ✸ ✗ ✜ ☛ ✎ ✠ ★ ✸ ✩ ✘
✒ ☛ ✓ ✔ ★ ✽ ✾ ✘ ✒ ✗
❞
✝ ✒ ✝ ✻ ☛ ✎ ✻ ✧ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✝ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✔ ✝ ✓ ☛ ✞ ✠
☞ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✝ ✓ ✞ ✤ ✝ ✑ ➊ ✜ ✽ ✘ ✒ ✗
❾ ❅ ❋ ❿ ❄ ❇ ❊ ➀ ❋ ❿
❛☞ ✓ ✑ ✝ ✔ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✒ ☞ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✎ ☛ ✻ ☞ ✓ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✞ ✎ ☛ ✝ ✕ ✟ ✞
✻ ✝ ✓ ✠ ✗ ◆ ✠ ✍ ✟ ☞ ☞ ✑ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ①
❑
☛ t ✝ ✑ ✑ ✺ ✍ ✟ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✝ ✞ ✍ ☞ ✝ ✓ ✍ ✝ ✔ ✠ ✑
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✝ ☎ ✂ ✞ ✟ ✁ ✠ ✂ ✄ ✡ ✹ ☛
♥ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✒ ✏ ✌ ♥ ✏ ♥ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✗ ✘
✓ ✏ ✒
❞ ✙
✍ ✔ ☞
✚
☞ ♥ ✎
✛ ✜
✕
✢
✒
✣
✏ ✎ ✏ ✒ ♥ ✗ ✎ ♥ ☞ ✔ ☞ ✒ ✒ ✍ ✖
✤
✎ ✗
✢
✒ ☞
✑ ☞ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✖ ♥ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✘ ✗ ✖ ✓ ✏ ✒ ✔
✢
✒ ✒ ✏ ♥ ✌
✚
✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✈ ✥ ☞ ✔ ✎ ✒
✏ ♥ ✗ ♥ ☞
✐
✓ ✏
✚
☞ ♥ ✒ ✏ ✗ ♥
✛
❚ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✧ ✰ ✱ ✯ ✬ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✩ ✵ ✧ ★ ✧ ✫ ✭ ★ ✩ ✶ ✰ ✷ ★ ✩ ✶
✫ ✰ ✭
✸
✧ ✧
✺
✮ ✩ ✴ ✭ ✰ ✭✦ ✧ ✳ ✩ ✭✦ ✴ ✧ ✫ ✪ ✭ ✦ ✭✷ ✩
✻
✧ ✷✲ ✧ ✯
✸
✶
✩ ✫ ✰
✸
❛ ✧ ✵ ✭✼ ❋
✗ ✖ ☞
✽
✍
✚ ❞ ✙
☞
✣
✘ ✗ ✖
✚
✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✖
✘ ✖ ✗
✚
♦ ✎ ✗ ✾
✣
✎ ✕ ☞
❞
✍ ✎ ✕
✙
☞ ♥ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✒ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❂
✚
✍ ♥ ✓ ✎ ✕ ☞
✓ ✏ ✒
❞ ✙
✍ ✔ ☞
✚
☞ ♥ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❂
✚ ✛
❃ ♥ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✒ ☞
✣
✎ ✕ ☞
✚
✍ ✌ ♥ ✏ ✎
✢
✓ ☞ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✒
❞ ✙
✍ ✔ ☞
✚
☞ ♥ ✎
♠
❀ ❁ ❂
✚ ❄
✏ ✒ ☞
❅ ✢
✍
✙
✎ ✗
✎ ✕ ☞
❞
✍ ✎ ✕
✙
☞ ♥ ✌ ✎ ✕
♠
❀ ❁ ❂
✚ ❄ ✛
t
✢
✎ ✔ ✗ ♥ ✒ ✏ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✎ ✕ ☞
✚
✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥
✗ ✘ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✖ ✘ ✖ ✗
✚
♦ ✎ ✗ ✾ ✍ ♥ ✓ ✈ ✍ ✔
❆
✎ ✗
Q✛
❃ ♥ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✒
✔ ✍ ✒ ☞
✣
✎ ✕ ☞
❞
✍ ✎ ✕
✙
☞ ♥ ✌ ✎ ✕
❝ ♠
✿ ❀ ❁ ❂
✚ ❄
✿
♠
✿
❇ ❈
❂
✚ ❄ ❝
✿
❉ ❊ ❂
✚ ✛
● ✗ ❍ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✖
✣
✎ ✕ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✒
❞ ✙
✍ ✔ ☞
✚
☞ ♥ ✎
❝ ♠
✿
❈
❉ ❂
✚ ❄
■
♠
❂
✚ ❄ ❝
✿
❈
❉ ❂
✚ ✛ ✜
✕
✢
✒
✣
✎ ✕ ☞
✚
✍ ✌ ♥ ✏ ✎
✢
✓ ☞ ✗ ✘
✓ ✏ ✒
❞ ✙
✍ ✔ ☞
✚
☞ ♥ ✎
♠ ❈
❉ ❂
✚ ❄
✏ ✒ ♥ ✗ ✎ ☞
❅ ✢
✍
✙
✎ ✗ ✎ ✕ ☞
❞
✍ ✎ ✕
✙
☞ ♥ ✌ ✎ ✕
♠
❉ ❊ ❂
✚ ❄ ✛
✜
✕ ☞
✚
✍ ✌ ♥ ✏ ✎
✢
✓ ☞ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✒
❞ ✙
✍ ✔ ☞
✚
☞ ♥ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✖ ✍
✔ ✗
✢
✖ ✒ ☞ ✗ ✘
✚
✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥
✚
✍
✤
✈ ☞ ❏ ☞ ✖ ✗ ✈
✢
✎ ✎ ✕ ☞
✔ ✗ ✖ ✖ ☞ ✒
❞
✗ ♥ ✓ ✏ ♥ ✌
❞
✍ ✎ ✕
✙
☞ ♥ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✒
✫ ✰ ✭
❑
✧ ✷✰
▲
❋
✗ ✖
☞
✽
✍
✚ ❞ ✙
☞
✣
✏ ✘ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✗
✚
♦
✣
✌ ✗ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✾ ✍ ♥ ✓
✎ ✕ ☞ ♥ ✖ ☞ ✎
✢
✖ ♥ ✒ ✎ ✗ ♦
✣
✎ ✕ ☞ ✘ ✏ ♥ ✍
✙ ❞
✗ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✔ ✗ ✏ ♥ ✔ ✏ ✓ ☞ ✒
❍ ✏ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✏ ♥ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✍
✙ ❞
✗ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✍ ♥ ✓ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✒
❞ ✙
✍ ✔ ☞
✚
☞ ♥ ✎
✏ ✒ ❏ ☞ ✖ ✗
✛
● ✗ ❍ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✖
✣
✎ ✕ ☞
❞
✍ ✎ ✕
✙
☞ ♥ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✒ ✥ ✗
✢
✖ ♥ ☞
✤
✏ ✒ ♦ ✾ ✿ ✾ ♦
❝
❀ ❁ ❂
✚
✿ ❀ ❁ ❂
✚ ❝ ◆ ❈
❂
✚ ✛
❖ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✗ ✘ ✍ ♥ ✗ ✈ ✥ ☞ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✍ ♥ ✈ ☞ ✖ ☞
❞
✖ ☞ ✒ ☞ ♥ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✈
✤
✍
❞
✗ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥
✐
✎ ✏
✚
☞ ✌ ✖ ✍
❞
✕ ✍ ✒
✤
✗
✢
✕ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✍
✙
✖ ☞ ✍ ✓
✤ ✙
☞ ✍ ✖ ♥ ✎
✍ ✈ ✗
✢
✎ ✏ ✎
✛
P
✢
✔ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✍
❞
✕ ✏ ✒ ✍
❞
✗ ❍ ☞ ✖ ✘
✢ ✙
✎ ✗ ✗
✙
✎ ✗
✖ ☞
❞
✖ ☞ ✒ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✍ ♥ ✓ ✍ ♥ ✍
✙ ✤
✒ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✘ ☞ ✖ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✍ ✒
❞
☞ ✔ ✎ ✒ ✗ ✘
✚
✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✗ ✘ ✍ ♥ ✗ ✈ ✥ ☞ ✔ ✎
✛ ❋
✗ ✖
✚
✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✍
✙
✗ ♥ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✎
✙
✏ ♥ ☞
✣
✒ ✍
✤
❳
✐
✍
✽
✏ ✒
✣
✗ ♥
✙ ✤
①
✐
✔ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✓ ✏ ♥ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✖ ✏ ☞ ✒ ❍ ✏ ✎ ✕
✎ ✏
✚
☞ ✍ ♥ ✓ ❍ ☞ ✕ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✍ ♥ ①
✐ ◗
✌ ✖ ✍
❞
✕
✛ ❘
☞ ✎
✢
✒ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✒ ✎
✔ ✗ ♥ ✒ ✏ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✒ ✏
✚ ❞ ✙
☞ ✔ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✏ ♥ ❍ ✕ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✍ ♥ ✗ ✈ ✥ ☞ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✒
✒ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✍ ✖
✤ ✣
☞
✛
✌
✛
✍ ✔ ✍ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✍ ♥ ✓ ✏ ♥ ✌ ✒ ✎ ✏
✙ ✙
✍ ✎ ①
❝
❉ ❂
✚ ✛
✜
✕ ☞
❞
✗ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥
✐
✎ ✏
✚
☞ ✌ ✖ ✍
❞
✕ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✎
✙
✏ ♥ ☞
❞
✍ ✖ ✍
✙ ✙
☞
✙
✎ ✗ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✎ ✏
✚
☞ ✍
✽
✏ ✒
✣
✍ ✒ ✒ ✕ ✗ ❍ ♥ ✏ ♥
❋
✏ ✌
✛
❀
✛ ❈ ♠
✍
❄ ✛
❃ ✘ ✍ ♥ ✗ ✈ ✥ ☞ ✔ ✎
✚
✗ ✑ ✏ ♥ ✌ ✍
✙
✗ ♥ ✌ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✎
✙
✏ ♥ ☞
✔ ✗ ✑ ☞ ✖ ✒ ☞
❅ ✢
✍
✙
✓ ✏ ✒ ✎ ✍ ♥ ✔ ☞ ✒ ✏ ♥ ☞
❅ ✢
✍
✙
✏ ♥ ✎ ☞ ✖ ✑ ✍
✙
✒ ✗ ✘
✎ ✏
✚
☞
✣
✏ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✈ ☞ ✏ ♥
✮ ✫ ✬ ✱ ✰ ✷ ★ ★ ✰ ✭✬ ✰ ✫
✍
✙
✗ ♥ ✌ ✍
✒ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✎
✙
✏ ♥ ☞
✛ ❋
✏ ✌
✛
❀
✛ ❈ ♠
✈
❄
✒ ✕ ✗ ❍ ✒ ✎ ✕ ☞
❞
✗ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥
✐
✎ ✏
✚
☞
✌ ✖ ✍
❞
✕ ✗ ✘ ✒
✢
✔ ✕ ✍
✚
✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥
✛
❙ ❯ ❱ ❲ ❨ ❲ ❩ ❬ ❭❪ ❫ ❴❫ ❭ ❵ ❜ ❴❫ ❡ ❢ ❣ ❤ ❥ ❦ ❧ ❭♣ q ❥ r ❪ ❴ ❥ ❴❫ ❭❵ ❥ ❤ s ❭ ✉ ✇ ❢ ② ❴③ ❥ ❵ ④ q ✉ r ❥ ❵ ❭ ✉ ✇ ❢ ② ❴ ❫ ❵ ⑤ ❵ ❫ ♣ ❭ ❤ ❡ ❡ ❭ ❴❫ ❭ ❵ ⑥
❙ ❯ ❱ ❲ ❨ ❲ ❨ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❴❫ ❭❵ ❜ ❴ ❫ ❡ ❢ ❣ ❤ ❥ ❦ ❧ ❭♣ ❥ ② ❥ ❤ ⑥
❴ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨  ⑩
❶
❷
⑦ ❸ ⑨
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✹ ✆
◆✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✝ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✒ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✔ ✝ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✝ ✕ ✖ ✍ ✖ ✒ ☛ ✓ ✖ ☛
✌ ☛ ✖ ✒ ☛ ✌ ✕ ✒ ✝ ✔ ✒ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✖ ☛ ☛ ✏ ✔ ✡ t ❂ ✗ ✌ ✕ ✒ ✝ ✔ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✝ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✏ ✎ ✙
✖ ✎ ✑ ❛ ✏ ✍ ✚ ✌ ☞ ❛ ✌ ❛ ✡ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✏ ✠ ✠ t ❂ ✛ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✎ ✑ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✖ ✕ ☛ ✡ ✒
✔ ✝ ♠ ✡ ✌ ✞ ✏ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✝ ✒ ✔ ✌ ❛ ✡ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✏ ✠ ✠ t ❂ ✛ ✜ ✌ ✢ ✣ ✓ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡
❜ ✒ ✖ ✚ ✡ ✌ ✖ ✒ ✡ ✖ ❛ ❛ ✠ ✏ ✡ ✑ ✖ ✎ ✑ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✍ ✖ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✝ ❛ ✌ ✖ ☛
t ❂ ✥ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✎ ✑ ① ❂ ✥ ✤ ✦ ✔ ✢ ✣ ✓ ✡ ❛ ✝ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✧ ☛ ✏ ✔ ✡ ✘ ✒ ✖ ❛ ✓
✕ ✝ ✒ ☛ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✖ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✌ ✓ ✝ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✎ ❢ ✏ ✘ ✢ ★ ✢ ★ ✢ ✩ ✡ ✌ ✓ ✖ ✠ ✠ ✒ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✒
☛ ✝ ☛ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✘ ✒ ✖ ❛ ✓ ✏ ✎ ✝ ☞ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✝ ✠ ✠ ✝ ✞ ✏ ✎ ✘
✌ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✌ ✢
✸ ✪ ✸ ❆ ✫ ✬ ✭ ❆ ✮ ✬ ✫ ✬ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ❆ ✵✶ ❆ ✫ ✬ ✭ ❆ ✮ ✬
❙ ✷ ✬ ✬ ✶
✩ ✓ ✡ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✝ ❜
❲
✡ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✝ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✟ ✏ ☛ ✌ ❛ ✝ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎
✍ ✓ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✡ ✌ ✞ ✏ ☛ ✓ ☛ ✏ ✔ ✡ ✢
❝
☞ ☛ ✓ ✝ ✞ ✕ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✡ ❛ ✝ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎
✍ ✓ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✞ ✏ ☛ ✓ ☛ ✏ ✔ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✖ ☛ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎
✺
✣ ✝
✑ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✏ ❜ ✡ ☛ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✑ ✡ ✕ ✏ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✓ ✡
❞
☞ ✖ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☛
✻ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✼ ❀ ✾
✽ ✾ ✈ ❁ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇
✢
❈
♠ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✡ ♠ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✏ ☛
✻
✏ ✌ ✑ ✡ ✕ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✑ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✡
✍ ✓ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✡ ✏ ✎ ❛ ✝ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✝ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✌ ❛ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✡ ✔ ✡ ✎ ☛
❉ ❊
①
❋
✑ ✏ ♠ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✑
❜
✻
☛ ✓ ✡ ☛ ✏ ✔ ✡ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✡ ✒ ♠ ✖ ✠ ✌
❉ ❊
t
❋
✟ ✏ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✓ ☛ ✓ ✡
✑ ✏ ✌ ❛ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✡ ✔ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✝ ✍ ✍ ☞ ✒ ✌
●
❍
■ ■
❏ ❏
■
❏
❑ ▲
❑ ▲
▼
❾
❾
▼
❖
❖
❉
★ ✢ ✛
❋
✞ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ①
◗
✖ ✎ ✑ ①
❘
✖ ✒ ✡ ☛ ✓ ✡ ❛ ✝ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✌ ✝ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✝ ❜
❲
✡ ✍ ☛
✖ ☛ ☛ ✏ ✔ ✡ t
◗
✖ ✎ ✑ t
❘
✟ ✒ ✡ ✌ ❛ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✏ ♠ ✡ ✠
✻
✢ ❚ ✡ ✒ ✡ ☛ ✓ ✡ ❜ ✖ ✒ ✝ ♠ ✡ ✒
☛ ✓ ✡ ✌
✻
✔ ❜ ✝ ✠ ✕ ✝ ✒ ♠ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✏ ☛
✻
✏ ✌ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✝ ☛ ✖ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎
☞ ✌ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✝ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✖ ♠ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✡
❞
☞ ✖ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☛
✻
✢ ✣ ✓ ✡ ✉ ❯
☞ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✝ ✒ ♠ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✏ ☛
✻
✏ ✌ ✔ ❱ ✌ ✝ ✒ ✔ ✌
➊ ❘
✟ ✖ ✠ ☛ ✓ ✝ ☞ ✘ ✓ ✚ ✔ ✓
➊ ❘
✏ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✖ ✎
✻
✡ ♠ ✡ ✒
✻
✑ ✖
✻
✖ ❛ ❛ ✠ ✏ ✍ ✖ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✌ ✢
❳ ✏ ✚ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✌ ❛ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✡ ✔ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✟ ✖ ♠ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✡ ♠ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✏ ☛
✻
✏ ✌ ✖ ✠ ✌ ✝ ✖
♠ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✝ ✒
❞
☞ ✖ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☛
✻
✢
❝
☞ ☛ ✖ ✌ ✡ ❨ ❛ ✠ ✖ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✑ ✡ ✖ ✒ ✠ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✟ ✕ ✝ ✒
✔ ✝ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✒ ✖ ✏ ✘ ✓ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✖ ✠ ✖ ✌ ❛ ✡ ✍ ☛
✝ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✡ ♠ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✝ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✎ ❜ ✡ ☛ ✖ ✚ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✖ ✒ ✡ ✝ ✕ ❜
✻
♦ ✖ ✎ ✑ ❩
✌ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✞ ✡ ✑ ✝ ✎ ✝ ☛ ✓ ✖ ♠ ✡ ☛ ✝ ☞ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✓ ✡ ♠ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✝ ✒
✎ ✝ ☛ ✖ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✕ ✝ ✒ ♠ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✏ ☛
✻
✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✖ ❛ ☛ ✡ ✒ ✢
❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❫ ❵ ❡ ❣ ❤ ✐ ❍❤❥ ✐ ❦ ❤ ❍ ❤ ❧ ♥♣ q
❏
r q s
❏
❣ ❤ s ❧ ♥✇ ❤ ♥② ❧ q ③ ❤ ④
⑤
④
⑥
⑦
⑧ ✝ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✒ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✔ ✝ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✝ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✍ ✖ ✒ ✏ ✎ ❢ ✏ ✘ ✢ ★ ✢ ★ ✢ ✣ ✓ ✡
❛ ✝ ✒ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✝ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✡ ① ⑨ t ✘ ✒ ✖ ❛ ✓ ❜ ✡ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✡ ✎ t ❂ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✎ ✑ t ❂ ✜
✌ ✏ ✌ ❜ ✠ ✝ ✞ ✎ ☞ ❛ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✓ ✝ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✎ ❢ ✏ ✘ ✢ ★ ✢ ⑩ ✢
❈
✌ ✌ ✡ ✡ ✎
✕ ✒ ✝ ✔ ☛ ✓ ✡ ❛ ✠ ✝ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✖ ♠ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✡ ♠ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✏ ☛
✻
✝ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✍ ✖ ✒
❜ ✡ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✔ ✡ t ❂ ❶ ✌ ✖ ✎ ✑ t ❂ ❷ ✌ ✏ ✌
●
❸ ❹
❸❺
❸❺
❻ ❼❽ ❿ ➀
❻ ➁➀
❼➂➃ ➂➄➅ ➀ ➆➆
❏❏
■■
❍
➇ ✡ ✝ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✏ ✍ ✖ ✠ ✠
✻
✟ ☛ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✝ ❛ ✡ ✝ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✒ ✖ ✏ ✘ ✓ ☛
✠ ✏ ✎ ✡
➈
❘
➈
◗
✍ ✝ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✘ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✖ ✠ ❛ ✝ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎
1
➉
☛ ✝
☛ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✏ ✎ ✖ ✠ ❛ ✝ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎
➈
◗
✖ ✌ ✌ ✓ ✝ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✎ ❢ ✏ ✘ ✢ ★ ✢ ⑩ ✢
✣ ✓ ✡ ✖ ♠ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✡ ♠ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✏ ☛
✻
✍ ✖ ✎ ❜ ✡ ❛ ✝ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ♠ ✡ ✝ ✒ ✎ ✡ ✘ ✖ ☛ ✏ ♠ ✡
✑ ✡ ❛ ✡ ✎ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✘ ☞ ❛ ✝ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✝ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✌ ❛ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✡ ✔ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✢ ❯ ☛
✏ ✌
➋
✡ ✒ ✝ ✏ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✌ ❛ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✡ ✔ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✌
➋
✡ ✒ ✝ ✢ ❢ ✏ ✘ ✢ ★ ✢ ❶ ✌ ✓ ✝ ✞ ✌
☛ ✓ ✡ ① ⑨ t ✘ ✒ ✖ ❛ ✓ ✌ ✕ ✝ ✒ ✖ ✎ ✝ ❜
❲
✡ ✍ ☛ ✟ ✔ ✝ ♠ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✞ ✏ ☛ ✓ ❛ ✝ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ♠ ✡
♠ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✏ ☛
✻ ❉
❢ ✏ ✘ ✢ ★ ✢ ❶ ✖
❋
✟ ✔ ✝ ♠ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✞ ✏ ☛ ✓ ✎ ✡ ✘ ✖ ☛ ✏ ♠ ✡ ♠ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✏ ☛
✻
❉
❢ ✏ ✘ ✢ ★ ✢ ❶ ❜
❋
✖ ✎ ✑ ✖ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✌ ☛
❉
❢ ✏ ✘ ✢ ★ ✢ ❶ ✍
❋
✢
❈
♠ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✡ ♠ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✏ ☛
✻
✖ ✌ ✑ ✡ ✕ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✑ ✖ ❜ ✝ ♠ ✡ ✏ ✎ ♠ ✝ ✠ ♠ ✡ ✌
✝ ✎ ✠
✻
☛ ✓ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✌ ❛ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✡ ✔ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✝ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✝ ❜
❲
✡ ✍ ☛ ✢ ✩ ✡ ✓ ✖ ♠ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✡ ✎
✡ ✖ ✒ ✠ ✏ ✡ ✒ ☛ ✓ ✖ ☛ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✔ ✖ ✘ ✎ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✝ ✕ ✑ ✏ ✌ ❛ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✡ ✔ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✔ ✖
✻
❜ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✕ ✒ ✝ ✔ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✖ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✖ ✠ ❛ ✖ ☛ ✓ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✘ ☛ ✓ ✢ ✣ ✝
✑ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✏ ❜ ✡ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✝ ✕ ✔ ✝ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✝ ♠ ✡ ✒ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✖ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✖ ✠ ❛ ✖ ☛ ✓ ✟
✞ ✡ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✒ ✝ ✑ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✝ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒
❞
☞ ✖ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☛
✻
✍ ✖ ✠ ✠ ✡ ✑
✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✼ ❀ ✾
➌ ➍ ✾ ✾ ➎
✢
❆ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✼ ❀ ✾ ➌ ➍ ✾ ✾ ➎
✏ ✌ ✑ ✡ ✕ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✑ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✡ ☛ ✝ ☛ ✖ ✠ ❛ ✖ ☛ ✓
✠ ✡ ✎ ✘ ☛ ✓ ☛ ✒ ✖ ♠ ✡ ✠ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✑ ✏ ♠ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✑ ❜
✻
☛ ✓ ✡ ☛ ✝ ☛ ✖ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✔ ✡
✏ ✎ ☛ ✡ ✒ ♠ ✖ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✞ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✓ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✔ ✝ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✓ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✖ ✚ ✡ ✎
❛ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✡
●
➏
❍ ❤❥ ✐ ❦ ❤ s ✇ ❤❤
➐
❡ ♥
❏
✐ ❧ ✇ ✐
❏
❣ ❧ ❤ ③ ❦
❏
❣
❡ ♥
❏
✐ ❧
❏
q
➑
❤ q ③
❏
❤❥ ❍✐ ❧
➒
❉
★ ✢ ✥
❋
❈
♠ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✡ ✌ ❛ ✡ ✡ ✑ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✝ ❜ ♠ ✏ ✝ ☞ ✌ ✠
✻
☛ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✖ ✔ ✡ ☞ ✎ ✏ ☛
❉
✔ ✌
➓ ⑤
❋
✖ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✖ ☛ ✝ ✕ ♠ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✏ ☛
✻
✢
❝
☞ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✝ ✡ ✌ ✎ ✝ ☛ ☛ ✡ ✠ ✠ ☞ ✌
✏ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✖ ☛ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✝ ❜
❲
✡ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✔ ✝ ♠ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✢ ✣ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✏ ☛
✏ ✌ ✖ ✠ ✞ ✖
✻
✌ ❛ ✝ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ♠ ✡
❉
✏ ✎ ✍ ✝ ✎ ☛ ✒ ✖ ✌ ☛ ☛ ✝ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✖ ♠ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✡
♠ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✏ ☛
✻
✞ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✖ ✎ ❜ ✡ ❛ ✝ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ♠ ✡ ✝ ✒ ✎ ✡ ✘ ✖ ☛ ✏ ♠ ✡
❋
✢ ❯ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✡
✔ ✝ ☛ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✝ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✝ ❜
❲
✡ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✖ ✠ ✝ ✎ ✘ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✒ ✖ ✏ ✘ ✓ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✑
✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡
➌ ✼
➔
✾ ➎ ❄ ✿ ✾ ❃ ❅ ❄ ❁
→ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✔ ✖ ✘ ✎ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✝ ✕
✑ ✏ ✌ ❛ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✡ ✔ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✡
❞
☞ ✖ ✠ ☛ ✝ ☛ ✓ ✡ ☛ ✝ ☛ ✖ ✠ ❛ ✖ ☛ ✓ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✘ ☛ ✓ ✢
❯ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✖ ☛ ✍ ✖ ✌ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✔ ✖ ✘ ✎ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✝ ✕ ✖ ♠ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✡ ♠ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✏ ☛
✻
❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❫
➣ ↔
♥ sq
❏
q ♥③
↕ ❏
q
➑
❤ ❦ ❥ ✐ ✇ ❣ ② ♥ ❥ ✐ ③ ♥
➙ ➛
❤♣
❏ ➜
✐
➝ ➑
♥❍q ③ ❦
➞ q
❏
❣ ✇ ♥ s q
❏
q ❍❤ ❍ ❤ ❧ ♥ ♣ q
❏
r ➟
➜ ➙ ➝ ➑
♥ ❍ q ③ ❦ ➞ q
❏
❣
③ ❤ ❦ ✐
❏
q ❍❤ ❍❤ ❧ ♥ ♣ q
❏
r ➟ ✐ ③
➐ ➜
♣
➝
✐
❏
❥ ❤s
❏
❿

▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✝ ☎ ✂ ✞ ✟ ✁ ✠ ✂ ✄ ✡ ✹ ☛
☞
✐ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✍ ✍ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✐ ✌ ✐ ✌ ✢ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✑ ✤ ✌
✓ ✕ ✍ t ✑ ✌ ✍ ✥ ✑ ✌ ✤ ✔ ✏ ✣ ✐ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✐ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✦ ✔ ✒ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✐ ✢ ✘ ✍ ✧ ✑ ★ ✙ ✒ ✍ ✛
❊ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ❆ t ✑ ✗ ✐ ✌ ★ ✔ ✖ ✐ ✢ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✑
✌ ✓ ✗ ✑ ✐ ✘ ✕ ✓ ✒ ✐ ✢ ✍ ✥ ✌ ✑ ✤ s ✲ ✐ ✢ ✳ ✐ ✘ ✛ ✴ ✛ ✵ ✛ ✶ ✓ ★ ✔ ✖ ✍ ✌
✦ ✗ ✔ ★ s ✓ ✔ ✲ ✐ ✢ ✵ ❢ ✌ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✏ ✗ ✢ ✌ ✦ ✗ ✔ ★ ✲ ✓ ✔ Q
✐ ✢ ✷ ✛ ✸ ✌ ✛ ✺ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✔ t ✐ ✓ ✤
✑ ✢ ✚ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✍ ✍ ✚ ✔ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✍ t ✑ ✗ ✐ ✢ ✘ ✔ ✐ ✢ ✘ ❛ ✑ ✻
✦ ✗ ✔ ★ s ✓ ✔ ✲ ✼ ✑ ✢ ✚ ❛ ✽ ✻ ✦ ✗ ✔ ★ s ✓ ✔ ✲ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✽ ✑ t ✾
✓ ✔ Q ✼
✿ ❀ ❁ ❂
✮
❃
❛ ✑ ✻
❄ ❅❇❈ ❉ ❋ ❇ ❅❇❡ ●❝ ❍ ■②
❏ ❍ ❑♣ ❡ ❉ ❝ ❇ ▲ ❇ ♥ ■
❚
❍ ▲ ❇ ❍ ♥ ■ ❇ ❈ ❅ ❉ ❡
◆
❖
P ◗ ❘ ❙ ♠
❯ ❙ ♠ ❱
❲ ❳ ❱
✈
❾
❨ ❨ ❩
❄ ❅❇❈ ❉ ❋ ❇ ❑♣ ❇❇
❞
❬
❉ ■
❭
❡ ❇ ♥ ❋ ■
❭
❚
❍ ▲ ❇ ❍ ♥ ■ ❇ ❈ ❅ ❉ ❡
◆
❪
❫ ❴ ❵ ❜
❣ ❤ ❵ ❜ ❥
❦ ❧ ❥
♦
q
✜ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✐ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✐ ✌ t ✑ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✍ ✍ ✚ ✐ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔
✓ ✕ ✍ ★ ✑ ✘ ✢ ✐ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✍ ✔ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✔ t ✐ ✓ ✤ ✛
❛ ✽ ✻ ✶ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✐ ✌ t ✑ ✌ ✍ ✥
r ✉
✇① ③ ④
⑤⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ③ ⑨
⑩ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❽ ❼ ❿➀
➁ ➂
❼
➃
❺
➄
❼
➂
❼ ❹
➅
❻ ❶ ➀
➆ ➇
➈ ❶ ❽ ❼ ❶ ❿➀ ❼
➃ ➂
❺❹
➉
➊
➉
➋ ➌
➍ ➎ ➏ ➐ ➑ ➒
➓ ➔ → ➔ ➣↔ ↕ ➙ ➛ ➜ ➝ ➞ ➟ ➙ ➛
➠ ➡
➝
➢
↕ ➟ ➝
➤ ➥
➝ ➝
➦ ➧ ➧
➨ ➩ ➫ ➝ ➩ ➞ ➙ ➝
➢ ➡
↕ ➜ ➙ ➭
➯ ➲
➳ ➵
➸ ➺ ➻ ➼ ➽ ➾ ➻ ➚
➪ ➪
➾ ➻ ➚
➶
➾ ➹
➶
✜ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✐ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✐ ✌ t ✑ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✍ ✍ ✚ ✐ ✌ ➘ ➴ ➷ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒
✓ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✍ ★ ✑ ✘ ✢ ✐ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✍ ✔ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✔ t ✐ ✓ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✐ ✌
✕ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✢ ✌ ✽ ✍ t ✑ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✍ ★ ✔ ✓ ✐ ✔ ✢ ✕ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✐ ✢ ✖ ✔ ✒ ✖ ✍ ✌
t ✕ ✑ ✢ ✘ ✍ ✐ ✢ ✚ ✐ ✗ ✍ t ✓ ✐ ✔ ✢ ✌ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✙ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✢ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✐ ✌
✘ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✍ ★ ✑ ✘ ✢ ✐ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✍ ✔ ✦ ✚ ✐ ✌ ✙ ✒ ✑ t ✍ ★ ✍ ✢ ✓ ✛
✜ ✕ ✐ ✌ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✣ ✌ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✓ ➬ ➮ ➱ ➱ ✃ ❐ ➬ ❒ ❐ ❮ ❰ ➱ ❮ ➱ Ï Ð Ñ ❒ ❰ Ï➱ Ð Ò➱ Ï
ÒÓ Ð ❮ ÒÓ ➱ Ô Ð ❰ ❮ ❐ Ò Õ ✃ ➱ Ö × ÒÓ ➱ Ø ➱ Ñ Ö Ù ❐ ÒÚ Û Ü
✶ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✍ t ✑ ✗ ✐ ✢ Ý ✧ ✑ ★ ✙ ✒ ✍ ✴ ✛ ✵ ★ ✔ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✦ ✗ ✔ ★ s ✓ ✔ ✲
✑ ✢ ✚ t ✔ ★ ✍ ✌ ✽ ✑ t ✾ ✓ ✔ s ✐ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✑ ★ ✍ ✓ ✐ ★ ✍ ✐ ✢ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✥
✑ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✍ ✍ ✚ ✐ ✌
Þ
✸ ★
ß
✌ ✽ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✔ t ✐ ✓ ✤
✐ ✌
à
✍ ✗ ✔
á
â Û ã ä åæ ç è å ç è åé ê ëæ ì é í ê îä ç ï è åð æ ñ é é ð
✜ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✔ t ✐ ✓ ✤ ✓ ✍ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✣ ✦ ✑ ✌ ✓ ✑ ✢ ✔ ✽
ò
✍ t ✓
✕ ✑ ✌ ✽ ✍ ✍ ✢ ★ ✔ ✖ ✐ ✢ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✐ ✖ ✍ ✢ ✓ ✐ ★ ✍ ✐ ✢ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✽ ✏ ✓
✚ ✔ ✍ ✌ ✢ ✔ ✓ ✓ ✍ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✣ ✦ ✑ ✌ ✓ ✐ ✓ ★ ✔ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✓ ✚ ✐ ✦ ✦ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✓
✐ ✢ ✌ ✓ ✑ ✢ ✓ ✌ ✔ ✦ ✓ ✐ ★ ✍ ✚ ✏ ✗ ✐ ✢ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✐ ✢ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✳ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✐ ✌ ✥
✣ ✍ ✚ ✍ ✦ ✐ ✢ ✍ ❐ ❮ ➬ Ò Ð ❮ Ò Ð ❮ ➱ Ö Õ ➬ Ø ➱ Ñ Ö Ù ❐ Ò Ú ✔ ✗ ✌ ✐ ★ ✙ ✒ ✤
✖ ✍ ✒ ✔ t ✐ ✓ ✤ ó ✑ ✓ ✑ ✢ ✐ ✢ ✌ ✓ ✑ ✢ ✓ ➷ ✛
✜ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✔ t ✐ ✓ ✤ ✑ ✓ ✑ ✢ ✐ ✢ ✌ ✓ ✑ ✢ ✓ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✍ ✦ ✐ ✢ ✍ ✚ ✑ ✌ ✓ ✕ ✍
✒ ✐ ★ ✐ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✔ t ✐ ✓ ✤ ✑ ✌ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✓ ✐ ★ ✍ ✐ ✢ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✖ ✑ ✒
ô➷ ✽ ✍ t ✔ ★ ✍ ✌ ✐ ✢ ✦ ✐ ✢ ✐ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✐ ★ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✤ ✌ ★ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✛ ✶ ✢ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✗ ✣ ✔ ✗ ✚ ✌ ✥
õ ö ÷ ø
ù
ú
û
ü ýþ
ÿ
ÿ✄
❛ ✴ ✛ ✴ ✑ ✻
◆
❞
❞
①
■
❛ ✴ ✛ ✴ ✽ ✻
✣ ✕ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✤ ★ ✽ ✔ ✒
❧   ✁
t
✵
✂
☎
✌ ✓ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✌ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✔ ✙ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✓ ✐ ✔ ✢
✔ ✦ ✓ ✑ ✾ ✐ ✢ ✘ ✒ ✐ ★ ✐ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✆ ✝
✞
✟ ✔ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✢ ✓ ✐ ✓ ✤ ✔ ✢ ✐ ✓ ✌
✗ ✐ ✘ ✕ ✓ ✛ ✶ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✢ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✔ ✦ t ✑ ✒ t ✏ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✢ ✓ ✐ ✓ ✤
✔ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✗ ✐ ✘ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✌ ✐ ✚ ✍ ✔ ✦ Ý ✎ ✛ ❛ ✴ ✛ ✴ ✑ ✻ ✐ ✌ ✓ ✕ ✍
✚ ✐ ✦ ✦ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✓ ✐ ✑ ✒ t ✔ ✍ ✦ ✦ ✐ t ✐ ✍ ✢ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✠ ✣ ✐ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✍ t ✓ ✓ ✔ ➷ ✑ ✢ ✚
✐ ✌ ✚ ✍ ✢ ✔ ✓ ✍ ✚ ✽ ✤
✡
✡
☛
☞
❛ ✌ ✍ ✍ ❆ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✢ ✚ ✐ ✧ ✴ ✛ ✵ ✻ ✛ ✶ ✓ ✐ ✌ ✓ ✕ ✍
✗ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✔ ✦ t ✕ ✑ ✢ ✘ ✍ ✔ ✦ ✙ ✔ ✌ ✐ ✓ ✐ ✔ ✢ ✣ ✐ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✍ t ✓ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✐ ★ ✍ ✥
✑ ✓ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✐ ✢ ✌ ✓ ✑ ✢ ✓ ✛
✺ ✍ t ✑ ✢ ✏ ✌ ✍ Ý ✎ ✛ ❛ ✴ ✛ ✴ ✑ ✻ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✔ ✽ ✓ ✑ ✐ ✢ ✐ ✢ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✍
✔ ✦ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✔ t ✐ ✓ ✤ ✑ ✓ ✑ ✢ ✐ ✢ ✌ ✓ ✑ ✢ ✓ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✗ ❰ Ï Ð ➮ Ó ❐ Ù Ð Ñ Ñ Ú ✔ ✗
❮ Õ Ô ➱ Ï ❐ Ù Ð Ñ Ñ Ú ✛
❙
✏ ✙ ✙ ✔ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✣ ✍ ✣ ✑ ✢ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✽ ✓ ✑ ✐ ✢
✘ ✗ ✑ ✙ ✕ ✐ t ✑ ✒ ✒ ✤ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✍ ✔ ✦ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✔ t ✐ ✓ ✤ ✑ ✓ ✓ ✐ ★ ✍ ➷
✥ ✌
✌
❛ ✙ ✔ ✐ ✢ ✓ ✲ ✻ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✍ ★ ✔ ✓ ✐ ✔ ✢ ✔ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✍ t ✑ ✗ ✗ ✍ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✢ ✓ ✍ ✚
✐ ✢ ✳ ✐ ✘ ✛ ✴ ✛ ✴ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✍ ✦ ✐ ✘ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✽ ✍ ✍ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✚ ✗ ✑ ✣ ✢ ✐ ✢
✳ ✐ ✘ ✛ ✴ ✛ ✷ t ✕ ✔ ✔ ✌ ✐ ✢ ✘ ✚ ✐ ✦ ✦ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✓ ✌ t ✑ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✑ t ✐ ✒ ✐ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✍
❋ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✒ ❏ ❇■ ❇ ❈ ▲ ❍ ♥ ❍ ♥ ❋ ❅ ❇ ❡ ● ❝ ❍ ■ ② ❉ ❈ ● ▲ ♣ ● ❑❍ ■ ❍ ● ♥ ✓ ■ ❍ ▲ ❇
❋ ❈ ❉ ♣
❭ ❣ ✔
❇❡ ●❝ ❍ ■ ② ❉ ■ ■
❡ ✹ ✕
❍ ❑ ■
❭
❇ ❑ ❡ ● ♣ ❇ ● ❉ ■
❭
❇
■ ❉ ♥ ❋ ❇ ♥ ■ ■● ■
❭
❇ ❋ ❈ ❉ ♣
❭
❉ ■ ■
❭
❉ ■ ❍ ♥ ❑■❉ ♥ ■
✳
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✹ ✹
❝ ✆ ✝ ❝ ✞ ✝ ✆ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✞ ✎ ✟ ✆ ✏ ✍ ✑t ✥ ✒ ✎ ❝ ✍ ☛ ✟ ✓ ✍ ✔ ✆ ✟
t ✥ ❂ ✎ ☞ ✕ ✖ ✍ ☛ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✍ ✚ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✚ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✆ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✆ ✜ ✍
✛ ✍ ✝ ✡ ❝ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✗ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✝ ✡ ✈ ✍ ✡ ✚ ✝ ✠ ☛ ✍ ✢
✶
✢
✷
✣ ✤ ✠ ✜ ☞ ✦ ☞ ✧ ★ ✜ ✠ ✛ ✍ ✎
✟ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✚ ✆ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✆ ✜ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✝ ✡ ❝ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✡ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✛ ✆ ✝
✦ ✎ ✟ ✡ ✸ ✎ ☞ ✩✡ ✪ ✗ ✪ ✍ ✔ ✍ ❝ ✓ ✍ ✆ ✎ ✍ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✚ ✑ t ✚ ✓ ✡ ✫
✒ ✎ ✟ ✡ ✬ ✎ ☞ ✕ ✖ ✍ ☛ ✝ ✠ ☛ ✍ ✢
✶
✢
✷
✘ ✍ ❝ ✡ ✫ ✍ ✎ ✭
✶
✭
✷
✆ ☛ ✔ ✠ ✟ ✎
✎ ✝ ✡ ✈ ✍ ✜ ✠ ✛ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✚ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✆ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✆ ✜ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✝ ✡ ❝ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✡ ✛ ✍ ✓
✟ ✖ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✛ ✆ ✝ ✦ ☞ ✸ ✎ ✟ ✡ ❂ ☞ ✸ ✎ ☞ ✮ ☛ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✝ ✠ ✫ ✠ ✟ ✑ t ✯ ✰ ✗
✟ ✖ ✍ ✝ ✠ ☛ ✍ ✢
✶
✢
✷
✘ ✍ ❝ ✡ ✫ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✆ ☛ ✜ ✍ ☛ ✟ ✟ ✡ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✈ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ s
✟ ✠ ✫ ✍ ❝ ✞ ✓ ✛ ✍ ✆ ✟ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✈ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✢ ✆ ☛ ✔ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✝ ✡ ❝ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✆ ✟ t ✥
❂ ✎ ✠ ✎ ✜ ✠ ✛ ✍ ☛ ✘ ✙ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✝ ✡ ✈ ✍ ✡ ✚ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✟ ✆ ☛ ✜ ✍ ☛ ✟ ✆ ✟ ✟ ✖ ✆ ✟
✈ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✟ ☞ ■ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✵ ✲ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✱ ✱ ✽ ✳ ✾ ✽ ✿ ✱✾ ✲ ✳ ❀ ❁ ✽ ✺ ❃ ✳ ✳
❣
❁
❄
❀ ✾ ✲ ✺
❄
✼ ✼
❅ ❆ ❇
✻ ✱ ✲ ✵ ✿ ❃ ✻ ✳ ❃
❈
✻
❉
❃ ❁ ✲ ✺
❄
✼
❉
❃ ✱✾ ✽ ✴
✱ ✽ ✽
❊
✱
❄
✲
❈
✱ ✾ ❃
❋ ❄
✼ ✻ ❃ ✽ ✵ ✱ ✾ ❃
❋
❃ ✼ ✽ ✺ ✲ ✱
❅ ●
✱ ✾ ❃
❉
❃
❄ ❈
✲
❈ ❣
✽ ✵ ✱✾ ❃ ✼ ✲
❉
✲ ✱ ✲
❈ ❣
❀ ❁ ✽ ✺ ❃ ✳ ✳
❊
❃ ✺ ✽
❉
❃ ✳
✺ ✼ ❃
❄
❁ ☞ ✤ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✜ ✓ ✆ ✈ ✖ ✎ ✖ ✡ ✪ ☛ ✠ ☛
✤ ✠ ✜ ☞ ✦ ☞ ✧ ✗
①
✥ ✰ ☞ ✰
❍
t
❏
☞ ✕ ✆ ✘ ✝ ✍ ✦ ☞ ✬ ✜ ✠ ✛ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✚
✑
① ❑
✑ t ❝ ✆ ✝ ❝ ✞ ✝ ✆ ✟ ✍ ✔ ✚ ✡ ✓ ✑ t ✍
▲
✞ ✆ ✝ ✟ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✰ ✎ ✗ ✬ ☞ ✰ ✎ ✗ ✰ ☞ ✸
✎ ✗ ✰ ☞ ✬ ✎ ✆ ☛ ✔ ✰ ☞ ✰ ✬ ✎ ❝ ✍ ☛ ✟ ✓ ✍ ✔ ✆ ✟ t ✥ ❂ ☞ ✰ ✎ ☞ ✕ ✖ ✍
✎ ✍ ❝ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✆ ☛ ✔ ✟ ✖ ✠ ✓ ✔ ❝ ✡ ✝ ✞ ✫ ☛ ✎ ✜ ✠ ✛ ✍ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✚ t
✶
✥
▼
▼
◆
❾
❖
◗
❘
❙
❚
❯
❱
✆ ☛ ✔
▼ ▼
▼
◆
❲
❳ ❨
❖
◗
❘
❙
❚
❯
❱
✆ ☛ ✔ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✚ ✡ ✞ ✓ ✟ ✖ ✆ ☛ ✔
✟ ✖ ✍ ✚ ✠ ✚ ✟ ✖ ❝ ✡ ✝ ✞ ✫ ☛ ✎ ✜ ✠ ✛ ✍ ✟ ✖ ✍ ❝ ✡ ✓ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✈ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✠ ☛ ✜ ✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✎
✡ ✚
①
✗ ✠ ☞ ✍ ☞
①
✣ t
✶
★ ✥ ✰ ☞ ✰
❍
t1
3
✆ ☛ ✔
①
✣ t
✷
★ ✥ ✰ ☞ ✰
❍
t2
3
☞ ✕ ✖ ✍
✎ ✠
❩
✟ ✖ ❝ ✡ ✝ ✞ ✫ ☛ ✝ ✠ ✎ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✠ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✓ ✍ ☛ ❝ ✍ ✑
①
✥
①
✣ t
✷
★
❬ ①
✣ t
✶
★ ✆ ☛ ✔ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✝ ✆ ✎ ✟ ❝ ✡ ✝ ✞ ✫ ☛ ✜ ✠ ✛ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✓ ✆ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✡ ✚ ✑
①
✆ ☛ ✔
✑ t ✗ ✠ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✆ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✆ ✜ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✝ ✡ ❝ ✠ ✟ ✙ ❝ ✡ ✓ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✈ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✠ ☛ ✜ ✟ ✡ ✟ ✖ ✍
✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✚ ✑ t ✝ ✠ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✔ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✚ ✠ ✓ ✎ ✟ ❝ ✡ ✝ ✞ ✫ ☛ ☞
❭
✍ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✚ ✓ ✡ ✫ ✕ ✆ ✘ ✝ ✍ ✦ ☞ ✬ ✟ ✖ ✆ ✟ ✆ ✎ ✪ ✍ ✔ ✍ ❝ ✓ ✍ ✆ ✎ ✍
✟ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✚ ✑ t ✚ ✓ ✡ ✫ ✒ ☞ ✰ ✎ ✟ ✡ ✰ ☞ ✰ ✬ ✰ ✎ ✗ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✚
✟ ✖ ✍ ✆ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✆ ✜ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✝ ✡ ❝ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✆ ✈ ✈ ✓ ✡ ✆ ❝ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✝ ✠ ✫ ✠ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✜
✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✦ ☞
❍
❂ ✫ ✎
➊ ❪
✪ ✖ ✠ ❝ ✖ ✠ ✎ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✚ ✛ ✍ ✝ ✡ ❝ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✆ ✟
t ✥ ❂ ☞ ✰ ✎ ✗ ✠ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✚
❞
❞
❫
❴
✆ ✟ t ✥ ❂ ☞ ✰ ✎ ☞ ✮ ☛ ✟ ✖ ✠ ✎
✫ ✆ ☛ ☛ ✍ ✓ ✗ ✪ ✍ ❝ ✆ ☛ ❝ ✆ ✝ ❝ ✞ ✝ ✆ ✟ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✝ ✡ ❝ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✆ ✟ ✍ ✆ ❝ ✖
✠ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✆ ☛ ✟ ✚ ✡ ✓ ✫ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✚ ✟ ✖ ✍ ❝ ✆ ✓ ✎ ✖ ✡ ✪ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✤ ✠ ✜ ☞ ✦ ☞ ✦ ☞
✤ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✖ ✠ ✎ ❝ ✆ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✆ ✓ ✠ ✆ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✚ ✛ ✍ ✝ ✡ ❝ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✪ ✠ ✟ ✖ ✟ ✠ ✫ ✍
✠ ✎ ✚ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✔ ✟ ✡ ✘ ✍ ✆ ✎ ✎ ✖ ✡ ✪ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✤ ✠ ✜ ☞ ✦ ☞ ✐ ☞
❵ ❛ ❜ ❡ ❢ ❡❤ ❥ ❦❧ ♠♥ ♦ ♣ q r ♣ ♦ ✉❦ ✇ ② ③ ④ ⑤ ♥ ♠② ② ❦ ⑥ ④ ♠ ⑦ ⑧ ♦ ⑦ ✇ ♣ ♠ ✉ ♠ ♣ ♦ ♠ ⑦
⑥ ⑤ ♠
⑨
⑦ ♦ ⑦
⑩
♦ ✇
❶ ❷ ❶ ❷ ❸
✕ ✖ ✍ ✜ ✓ ✆ ✈ ✖ ✠ ❝ ✆ ✝ ✫ ✍ ✟ ✖ ✡ ✔ ✚ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✫ ✠ ☛ ✆ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛
✡ ✚ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✆ ☛ ✟ ✆ ☛ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✎ ✛ ✍ ✝ ✡ ❝ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✠ ✎ ✆ ✝ ✪ ✆ ✙ ✎ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✆
❝ ✡ ☛ ✛ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✟ ✫ ✍ ✟ ✖ ✡ ✔ ☞ ✤ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✖ ✠ ✎ ✗ ✪ ✍ ✫ ✞ ✎ ✟ ❝ ✆ ✓ ✍ ✚ ✞ ✝ ✝ ✙
✈ ✝ ✡ ✟ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✈ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛
❬
✟ ✠ ✫ ✍ ✜ ✓ ✆ ✈ ✖ ✆ ☛ ✔ ❝ ✆ ✝ ❝ ✞ ✝ ✆ ✟ ✍ ✟ ✖ ✍
✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✚ ✆ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✆ ✜ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✝ ✡ ❝ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✆ ✎ ✑ t ✘ ✍ ❝ ✡ ✫ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✫ ✆ ✝ ✝ ✍ ✓
✆ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✫ ✆ ✝ ✝ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✮ ✟ ✠ ✎ ✍ ✆ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✡ ❝ ✆ ✝ ❝ ✞ ✝ ✆ ✟ ✍ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍
✡ ✚ ✛ ✍ ✝ ✡ ❝ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✆ ✟ ✔ ✠ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✓ ✍ ☛ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✆ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✚ ✪ ✍ ✖ ✆ ✛ ✍ ✔ ✆ ✟ ✆
✡ ✚ ✈ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✆ ✟ ✔ ✠ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✓ ✍ ☛ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✆ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✓ ✍
❩
✆ ❝ ✟
✍
❩
✈ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✈ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✆ ✎ ✆ ✚ ✞ ☛ ❝ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✚ ✟ ✠ ✫ ✍ ☞
✕ ✖ ✍ ☛ ✗ ✪ ✍ ❝ ✆ ✝ ❝ ✞ ✝ ✆ ✟ ✍ ✑
① ❑
✑t ✚ ✓ ✡ ✫ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✆ ✟ ✆ ✚ ✡ ✓
✔ ✍ ❝ ✓ ✍ ✆ ✎ ✠ ☛ ✜ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✚ ✑ t ✆ ☛ ✔ ✚ ✠ ☛ ✔ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✝ ✠ ✫ ✠ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✜
✛ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✆ ✎ ✪ ✍ ✖ ✆ ✛ ✍ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✕ ✆ ✘ ✝ ✍ ✦ ☞ ✬ ✡ ✓ ✞ ✎ ✍
✔ ✠ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✓ ✍ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✆ ✝ ❝ ✆ ✝ ❝ ✞ ✝ ✞ ✎ ✚ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✜ ✠ ✛ ✍ ☛ ✍
❩
✈ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✆ ☛ ✔
❝ ✆ ✝ ❝ ✞ ✝ ✆ ✟ ✍
❹
❹
❺
♣
✆ ✟ ✔ ✠ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✓ ✍ ☛ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✆ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✆ ✎ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✍ ✠ ☛
✟ ✖ ✍ ✚ ✡ ✝ ✝ ✡ ✪ ✠ ☛ ✜ ✍
❩
✆ ✫ ✈ ✝ ✍ ☞
❻ ❄ ❊
✼ ❃
❼ ❆ ❽ ❿
✲
❉
✲ ✱ ✲
❈ ❣ ❋ ❄
✼ ✻ ❃ ✽ ✵
✑
✑
①
t
❄
✱
➀ ➁ ➂
✳
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✝ ☎ ✂ ✞ ✟ ✁ ✠ ✂ ✄ ✡ ✹ ☛
☞
❊ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❚ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛✜ ✛✙ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✙ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✧ ✜
♠ ✙ ★ ✛✢ ✩ ✤ ✪ ✙ ✢ ✩ ✫ ✬ ✤ ✫ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✩ ✛ ★ ✗ ✢ ✥ ✭ ✫ ✮ ✤ ✯ ✥ ✜
✷
✇ ✖ ✗ ✰ ✗ ✤ ✮ ✽ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✥ ✮ ✵ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✶
➊ ✷
✤ ✢ ✸ ✜ ✛ ✚
♠ ✗ ✤ ✚ ✺ ✰ ✗ ✸ ✛ ✢ ✚ ✗ ✧ ✙ ✢ ✸ ✚ ✻ ✼ ✖ ✤ ✜ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✚ ★ ✗ ✪ ✙ ✧ ✛ ✜ ✭ ✤ ✜
✜ ✮ ✾ ✶ ✤ ✢ ✸ ✜ ✮ ✵ ✱ ✾ ✶ ✻ ✼ ✖ ✤ ✜ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✗ ✤ ★ ✗ ✰ ✤ ✩ ✗
★ ✗ ✪ ✙ ✧ ✛✜ ✭ ✥ ✗ ✜ ✇ ✗ ✗ ✢ ✜ ✮ ✵ ✱ ✾ ✶ ✤ ✢ ✸ ✜ ✮ ✿ ✱ ✾ ✶ ❀
❆ ❁ ❂ ❃
✒
❄ ■ ❅ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❉ ❈ ❋ ❇ ❅ ❇ ● ❍ ❋ ● ● ❏ ❑ ❏ ❅ ❈ ❋ ❉ ▲ ◆ ❉ ▲ ◆ ❖ ▲ ❖
✶
P ❈ ◗ ❏
✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ ❋
✶
❙ ❯
❱
①
t t
❛ ❜ t ❲ ❜ t ❳
❨
❩ ❩ ❬ ❩
❞
❞
❞
❞
❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❝
❡ ❢
❣
❈
✜ ❤ ✾ ✶
P
★ ❤ ✾ ✳ ✶
➊ ✐
❉ ❅ ❍ ❉ ❈
✜ ❤ ✵ ✱ ✾ ✶
P
★ ❤ ❥ ✾ ✳ ✶
❦ ✐
✱
❧ ♥ ❧ ♥
♦ ♣ q r ♣ q
♦ ♣ q r ♣ q
s s
✉ ② ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ③ ② ③ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❷
❾
❸
❾
❹ ❺ ❻ ❻ ❼
❺ ❽ ❿
➀
❽ ❿
➁ ➂ ➁ ➂
➂
➃
➄ ➄ ×
➅ ➆
➇ ➈ ➉ ➋ ➈ ➌ ➍ ➎ ➌ ➏ ➐➑ ➒
➓
➔ ❑ ❇
✳
➔ ❋ →
✱
➣
✱
↔ P ↕ ❏ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❏ ❈ ◗ ❉ ❈ ❍ ❖ ❑ ❋ ❅ → ❈ ◗ ❏ ➙ ❏ ❑ ❋ ❇ ❍
✜ ❤ ❥ ✾ ✶
❈ ❇
❥ ✽ ✶
❈ ◗ ❏ ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ ❋
✶
◆ ❇ ❅
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ❈
✱ ➛
❏ ❈ ↕ ❏ ❏ ❅
➙ ❏ ❑ ❋ ❇ ❍
✜ ❤ ❥ ✽ ✶
❈ ❇
✜ ❤ ✵ ✾ ✶
P ❋ ❈ ❋
✶
❖ ❅ ❋ ● ❇ ❑
✳
▲ ❘
❍ ❏ ◆ ❑ ❏ ❉
✶
❋ ❅ → ❉ ❅ ❍ ❍ ❖ ❑ ❋ ❅ → ❈ ◗ ❏ ➙ ❏ ❑ ❋ ❇ ❍
✜ ❤ ✾ ✶
❈ ❇
✜
❤ ❥ ✾ ✶
P ❋ ❈ ❋
✶
❋ ❅ ◆ ❑ ❏ ❉
✶
❋ ❅ →
✱
➜➝ ➞➟ ➞➠ ➡ ➞ ➢ ➝ ➤ ➥ ➦ ➧ ➢ ➝ ➤ ➨
➨ ➝ ➞ ➧ ➝ ➦
➩ ➫
➟
➭
➝
➯
➧ ➞
➲
➧
➳
➞ ➠ ➟
➳
➡ ➨ ➟ ➡
➳
➞➠ ➟ ➡
➫
➟ ➤ ➡
➵
➟
➫
➟
➭
➝
➯
➧ ➞
➲
➡ ➞ ➡
➭ ➭
➧ ➦
➳
➞➡ ➦ ➞
➳ ✱
➸
➦
➳
➞➡ ➦ ➞➡ ➦ ➟ ➝ ➥
➳ ➳ ➺
➟ ➟
➻
❇ ❑
✶
❋
✳
➙ ▲ ❘
✶
➙ ❏ ❏ ❍ ❋
✶
❈ ◗ ❏
✳
❉ → ❅ ❋ ❈ ❖ ❍ ❏ ❇ ● ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘
✱
➔ ❇ ❑ ❏
➼
❉
✳
➙ ▲ ❏ P ❉ ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ ❇ ●
➽
✵ ✿ ✱ ✾ ✳ ✶
➊ ✐
❉ ❅ ❍ ❉ ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ ❇ ● ➾
✵ ✿ ✱ ✾ ✳ ✶
➊ ✐
➚ ➪ ❇ ❈ ◗
◗ ❉ ✈ ❏ ❉ ❅ ❉
✶ ✶
❇ ◆ ❋ ❉ ❈ ❏ ❍
✶
➙ ❏ ❏ ❍ ❇ ●
✵ ✿ ✱ ✾ ✳ ✶
❦ ✐
✱
■ ❈
✶
◗ ❇ ❖ ▲ ❍
➪ ❏ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❏ ❍ ❈ ◗ ❉ ❈ ❈ ◗ ❇ ❖ → ◗ ❉ ✈ ❏ ❑ ❉ → ❏
✶
➙ ❏ ❏ ❍ ❇ ✈ ❏ ❑ ❉ ● ❋ ❅ ❋ ❈ ❏
❋ ❅ ❈ ❏ ❑ ✈ ❉ ▲ ❇ ● ❈ ❋
✳
❏ ❋
✶
→ ❑ ❏ ❉ ❈ ❏ ❑ ❇ ❑ ❏
➶
❖ ❉ ▲ ❈ ❇ ❈ ◗ ❏
✳
❉ → ❅ ❋ ❈ ❖ ❍ ❏ ❇ ● ❈ ◗ ❏ ❉ ✈ ❏ ❑ ❉ → ❏ ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ P
❋ ❅
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❅ ❏ ❇ ❖
✶ ✶
➙ ❏ ❏ ❍ ❉ ❈ ❉ ❅ ❋ ❅
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ❈ ❋
✶
❏
➶
❖ ❉ ▲ ❈ ❇
❈ ◗ ❏
✳
❉ → ❅ ❋ ❈ ❖ ❍ ❏ ❇ ● ❈ ◗ ❏ ❋ ❅
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❅ ❏ ❇ ❖
✶
✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ ❉ ❈
❈ ◗ ❉ ❈ ❋ ❅
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ❈
✱
➹ ◗ ❘
✶
❇
❀
➘ ➴ ➷ ➬ ➮➮ ➱ ✃ ➱ ❐ ➬ ❒ ➸ ❮
➜
❰ ◗ ❏ ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ ❇ ● ❉ ❅ ❇ ➪ Ï ❏ ◆ ❈ P ❋ ❅ → ❏ ❅ ❏ ❑ ❉ ▲ P ◆ ◗ ❉ ❅ → ❏
✶
❍ ❖ ❑ ❋ ❅ → ❋ ❈
✶
◆ ❇ ❖ ❑
✶
❏ ❇ ●
✳
❇ ❈ ❋ ❇ ❅
✱ Ð
❇ ↕ ❈ ❇ ❍ ❏
✶
◆ ❑ ❋ ➪ ❏ ❈ ◗ ❋
✶
◆ ◗ ❉ ❅ → ❏
❀ Ñ
◗ ❇ ❖ ▲ ❍ ❋ ❈ ➪ ❏ ❍ ❏
✶
◆ ❑ ❋ ➪ ❏ ❍ ❉
✶
❈ ◗ ❏ ❑ ❉ ❈ ❏ ❇ ●
◆ ◗ ❉ ❅ → ❏ ❋ ❅ ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ Ò ➧ ➞➠
➻
➧
➳
➞➡ ➦
➯
➟ ❇ ❑ Ò ➧ ➞➠ ➞➧ ➨ ➟
❀
❰ ◗ ❋
✶
↕ ❉
✶
❉ ➙ ❑ ❇ ➪ ▲ ❏
✳
❏ ✈ ❏ ❅ ❋ ❅ Ó ❉ ▲ ❋ ▲ ❏ ❇ Ô
✶
❈ ❋
✳
❏
✱
■ ❈ ↕ ❉
✶
● ❋ ❑
✶
❈ ❈ ◗ ❇ ❖ → ◗ ❈ ❈ ◗ ❉ ❈ ❈ ◗ ❋
✶
◆ ◗ ❉ ❅ → ❏ ◆ ❇ ❖ ▲ ❍ ➪ ❏ ❍ ❏
✶
◆ ❑ ❋ ➪ ❏ ❍
➪ ❘ ❈ ◗ ❏ ❑ ❉ ❈ ❏ ❇ ● ◆ ◗ ❉ ❅ → ❏ ❇ ● ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ ↕ ❋ ❈ ◗ ❍ ❋
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ◆ ❏
✱
➛
❖ ❈ P ❈ ◗ ❑ ❇ ❖ → ◗ ◗ ❋
✶ ✶
❈ ❖ ❍ ❋ ❏
✶
❇ ●
✳
❇ ❈ ❋ ❇ ❅ ❇ ● ● ❑ ❏ ❏ ▲ ❘ ● ❉ ▲ ▲ ❋ ❅ →
❇ ➪ Ï ❏ ◆ ❈
✶
❉ ❅ ❍
✳
❇ ❈ ❋ ❇ ❅ ❇ ● ❇ ➪ Ï ❏ ◆ ❈
✶
❇ ❅ ❉ ❅ ❋ ❅ ◆ ▲ ❋ ❅ ❏ ❍
➙ ▲ ❉ ❅ ❏ P Ó ❉ ▲ ❋ ▲ ❏ ❇ ◆ ❇ ❅ ◆ ▲ ❖ ❍ ❏ ❍ ❈ ◗ ❉ ❈ ❈ ◗ ❏ ❑ ❉ ❈ ❏ ❇ ● ◆ ◗ ❉ ❅ → ❏
❇ ● ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ ↕ ❋ ❈ ◗ ❈ ❋
✳
❏ ❋
✶
❉ ◆ ❇ ❅
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ❈ ❇ ●
✳
❇ ❈ ❋ ❇ ❅ ● ❇ ❑
❉ ▲ ▲ ❇ ➪ Ï ❏ ◆ ❈
✶
❋ ❅ ● ❑ ❏ ❏ ● ❉ ▲ ▲
✱ Õ
❅ ❈ ◗ ❏ ❇ ❈ ◗ ❏ ❑ ◗ ❉ ❅ ❍ P ❈ ◗ ❏
◆ ◗ ❉ ❅ → ❏ ❋ ❅ ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ ↕ ❋ ❈ ◗ ❍ ❋
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ◆ ❏ ❋
✶
❅ ❇ ❈ ◆ ❇ ❅
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ❈
➾ ❋ ❈ ❍ ❏ ◆ ❑ ❏ ❉
✶
❏
✶
↕ ❋ ❈ ◗ ❈ ◗ ❏ ❋ ❅ ◆ ❑ ❏ ❉
✶
❋ ❅ → ❍ ❋
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ◆ ❏ ❇ ● ● ❉ ▲ ▲
✱
❰ ◗ ❋
✶
▲ ❏ ❍ ❈ ❇ ❈ ◗ ❏ ◆ ❇ ❅ ◆ ❏ ➙ ❈ ❇ ● ❉ ◆ ◆ ❏ ▲ ❏ ❑ ❉ ❈ ❋ ❇ ❅ ❉
✶
❈ ◗ ❏ ❑ ❉ ❈ ❏
❇ ● ◆ ◗ ❉ ❅ → ❏ ❇ ● ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ ↕ ❋ ❈ ◗ ❈ ❋
✳
❏
✱
❰ ◗ ❏ ❉ ✈ ❏ ❑ ❉ → ❏ ❉ ◆ ◆ ❏ ▲ ❏ ❑ ❉ ❈ ❋ ❇ ❅ ➁ ❇ ✈ ❏ ❑ ❉ ❈ ❋
✳
❏
❋ ❅ ❈ ❏ ❑ ✈ ❉ ▲ ❋
✶
❍ ❏ ● ❋ ❅ ❏ ❍ ❉
✶
❈ ◗ ❏ ◆ ◗ ❉ ❅ → ❏ ❇ ● ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘
❍ ❋ ✈ ❋ ❍ ❏ ❍ ➪ ❘ ❈ ◗ ❏ ❈ ❋
✳
❏ ❋ ❅ ❈ ❏ ❑ ✈ ❉ ▲
Ö
Ø Ù
Ø Ù
❻
❻
Ú Ú
Ú
➁
Û Û Û
Ü
➄ ➄
Ü
Ý
➣
✱ ✿ Þ
↕ ◗ ❏ ❑ ❏
★
ß
❉ ❅ ❍
★
à
❉ ❑ ❏ ❈ ◗ ❏ ❋ ❅
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❅ ❏ ❇ ❖
✶
✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❋ ❏
✶
❇ ❑
✶
❋
✳
➙ ▲ ❘ ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❋ ❏
✶
❉ ❈ ❈ ❋
✳
❏
✜
ß
❉ ❅ ❍
✜
à
✱
■ ❈ ❋
✶
❈ ◗ ❏
❉ ✈ ❏ ❑ ❉ → ❏ ◆ ◗ ❉ ❅ → ❏ ❇ ● ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ ➙ ❏ ❑ ❖ ❅ ❋ ❈ ❈ ❋
✳
❏
✱
❰ ◗ ❏
Ñ
■
❖ ❅ ❋ ❈ ❇ ● ❉ ◆ ◆ ❏ ▲ ❏ ❑ ❉ ❈ ❋ ❇ ❅ ❋
✶ ✳ ✶
➊ ✷
✱
Õ
❅ ❉ ➙ ▲ ❇ ❈ ❇ ● ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ ✈ ❏ ❑
✶
❖
✶
❈ ❋
✳
❏ P ❈ ◗ ❏ ❉ ✈ ❏ ❑ ❉ → ❏
❉ ◆ ◆ ❏ ▲ ❏ ❑ ❉ ❈ ❋ ❇ ❅ ❋
✶
❈ ◗ ❏
✶
▲ ❇ ➙ ❏ ❇ ● ❈ ◗ ❏
✶
❈ ❑ ❉ ❋ → ◗ ❈ ▲ ❋ ❅ ❏
◆ ❇ ❅ ❅ ❏ ◆ ❈ ❋ ❅ → ❈ ◗ ❏ ➙ ❇ ❋ ❅ ❈
✶
◆ ❇ ❑ ❑ ❏
✶
➙ ❇ ❅ ❍ ❋ ❅ → ❈ ❇
Ý ★
ß
✴ ✜
ß
Þ
❉ ❅ ❍
Ý ★
à
✴ ✜
à
Þ ✱
❰ ◗ ❏ ❉ ✈ ❏ ❑ ❉ → ❏ ❉ ◆ ◆ ❏ ▲ ❏ ❑ ❉ ❈ ❋ ❇ ❅
● ❇ ❑ ✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘ á ❈ ❋
✳
❏ → ❑ ❉ ➙ ◗
✶
◗ ❇ ↕ ❅ ❋ ❅ ➔ ❋ →
✱
➣
✱
↔ ● ❇ ❑
❍ ❋ ● ● ❏ ❑ ❏ ❅ ❈ ❈ ❋
✳
❏ ❋ ❅ ❈ ❏ ❑ ✈ ❉ ▲
✶ ✾ ✶
á
❥ ✾ ✶
P
❥ ✾ ✶
➾
❥ ✽ ✶
P
❉ ❅ ❍
❥ ✽ ✶
➾
✵ ✾ ✶
❉ ❑ ❏
Ö
✾ ✶
á
❥ ✾ ✶
â ã
â
ã
ä å
ä
æ
ç è é ê ë ì
ç í è ë ì
î
ê é ê ì
ï
ð ð
❥ ✾ ✶
á
❥ ✽ ✶
ñ
ò
ñ
ò
ä å
ä
æ
ç è é ç è ë ì
ê ë ì
î ó
é
î
ê ì
ï
ð ð
❥ ✽ ✶
á
✵ ✾ ✶
ô
õ
ô
õ
ö ÷
ö ø
ù ú û ü ý þ
ú ÿ û ý þ
û ù ú ÿ
✶
þ
❛
❂ ❂
❋   ✁ ✂ ✄ ✂ ☎ ❆ ✆ ✆ ✝✞ ✝ ✟ ✠ ✡☛ ☞✌ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✎✏ ✌ ✆ ✡☛ ☞✌ ☞✎ ✡☛ ✑✝ ✎ ☞ ✟ ✑☞✡☛ ☞✌
✟ ✝
r
✟ ✝✍ ✝✌ ✡✝
✒
☛ ✌
✓
☛
✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✳
■
✢ ✚ ✜ ✤ ✢ ✜ ✤ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✺ ✚ ✤ ✧ ✧ ✗ ✪ ✗ ✰ ✤ ✜ ✛✙ ✢
❋
✶
❍ ❏ ● ❋ ❅ ❏ ❍ ❋ ❅ ❈ ◗ ❏
✶
❉
✳
❏
↕ ❉ ❘ ❉
✶
❈ ◗ ❏ ❋ ❅
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❅ ❏ ❇ ❖
✶
✈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❋ ❈ ❘
Ö
❞
❞
t ✗
Ú Ú
➁ ❧✘✙
Û Û
✚ ✛
Ü
➄ ➄
Ü
Ý
➣
✱ ✲ Þ
❰ ◗ ❏ ❉ ◆ ◆ ❏ ▲ ❏ ❑ ❉ ❈ ❋ ❇ ❅ ❉ ❈ ❉ ❅ ❋ ❅
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ❈ ❋
✶
❈ ◗ ❏
✶
▲ ❇ ➙ ❏ ❇ ●
❈ ◗ ❏ ❈ ❉ ❅ → ❏ ❅ ❈ ❈ ❇ ❈ ◗ ❏
★ ✈ ✜
◆ ❖ ❑ ✈ ❏ ❉ ❈ ❈ ◗ ❉ ❈ ❋ ❅
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ❈
✱
➔ ❇ ❑
❈ ◗ ❏
★ ✈ ✜
◆ ❖ ❑ ✈ ❏
✶
◗ ❇ ↕ ❅ ❋ ❅ ➔ ❋ →
✱
➣
✱
↔ P ↕ ❏ ◆ ❉ ❅ ❇ ➪ ❈ ❉ ❋ ❅
❉ ◆ ◆ ❏ ▲ ❏ ❑ ❉ ❈ ❋ ❇ ❅ ❉ ❈ ❏ ✈ ❏ ❑ ❘ ❋ ❅
✶
❈ ❉ ❅ ❈ ❇ ● ❈ ❋
✳
❏
✱
❰ ◗ ❏
❑ ❏
✶
❖ ▲ ❈ ❋ ❅ →
✤ ✈ ✜
◆ ❖ ❑ ✈ ❏ ❋
✶ ✶
◗ ❇ ↕ ❅ ❋ ❅ ➔ ❋ →
✱
➣
✱ ✽ ✱
➹ ❏
✶
❏ ❏
✜
✥
✢
✣
➊
✤
✮
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✹ ✆
t ✝ ✞ t t ✝ ✟ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✒ ✌ ✓ ✟ ☛ t ✝ ✟
♣ ✟ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✕ ✎ t ✌ ✖ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✘ t ☞ ✎ ✙ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✚ ✟ t ✛ ✟ ✟ ✍ ✖ ✕ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✔
✖ ✶ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✔ ☞ ✎ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ t ✞ ✍ t ✛ ☞ t ✝ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✟ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✒ ✎
➊ ✣
✚ ✟ t ✛ ✟ ✟ ✍ ✖ ✶ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✔ ✢ ✕ ✎ ✗ ❜ ✝ ✟ ✍ t ✝ ✟ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍
☞ ✎ ✏ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✒ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✤ ✐ ☞ t ✟ ✥ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✎ t ✝ ✟ ✞ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✦ ✟
✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✟ ☛ t ✝ ✞ t ♣ ✟ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✗
❙ ☞ ✍ ✠ ✟ ✓ ✟ ✡ ✌ ✠ ☞ t ✤ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✥ ✏ ✞ ✍ t ☞ t ✤ ✝ ✞ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✦ ✚ ✌ t ✝
✒ ✞ ✦ ✍ ☞ t ✏ ✔ ✟ ✞ ✍ ✔ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✠ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✐ ✞ ✠ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✦ ✟ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✡ ✌ ✠ ☞ t ✤
✒ ✞ ✤ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✟ ☞ t ✝ ✟ ☛ ✌ ☛ ✚ ✌ t ✝ ✌ ✑ t ✝ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✑ ✞ ✠ t ✌ ☛ ✎ ✗
❆ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✐ t ✝ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✟ ✐ ✒ ✞ ✤ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✡ t ✑ ☛ ✌ ✒ ✞
✠ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✦ ✟ ☞ ✍ ✎ ♣ ✟ ✟ ✔ ❝ ✒ ✞ ✦ ✍ ☞ t ✏ ✔ ✟ ✧ ✐ ✞ ✠ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✦ ✟ ☞ ✍
✔ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✠ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✝ ✞ ✍ ✦ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✚ ✌ t ✝ ✗ ❞ ☞ ★ ✟ ✓ ✟ ✡ ✌ ✠ ☞ t ✤ ✐
✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✎ ✌ ✚ ✟ ♣ ✌ ✎ ☞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✐ ✍ ✟ ✦ ✞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✌ ☛
✙ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✗ ③ ✌ ✎ ☞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✩ t ☞ ✒ ✟ ✦ ☛ ✞ ♣ ✝ ✎ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✒ ✌ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✛ ☞ t ✝
♣ ✌ ✎ ☞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✐ ✍ ✟ ✦ ✞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✞ ✍ ✔ ✙ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✟
✎ ✝ ✌ ✛ ✍ ☞ ✍
s
☞ ✦ ✎ ✗
✪
✗
✫
❝ ✞ ✧ ✐ ❝ ✚ ✧ ✞ ✍ ✔ ❝ ✠ ✧ ✐ ☛ ✟ ✎ ♣ ✟ ✠ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✡ ✤ ✗
◆
✌ t ✟ t ✝ ✞ t t ✝ ✟ ✦ ☛ ✞ ♣ ✝ ✠ ✏ ☛ ✓ ✟ ✎ ✏ ♣ ✛ ✞ ☛ ✔ ✑ ✌ ☛ ♣ ✌ ✎ ☞ t ☞ ✓ ✟
✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍
❛
✔ ✌ ✛ ✍ ✛ ✞ ☛ ✔ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✟ ✦ ✞ t ☞ ✓ ✟
✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✍ ✔ ☞ t ☞ ✎ ✞ ✎ t ☛ ✞ ☞ ✦ ✝ t ✡ ☞ ✍ ✟ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✙ ✟ ☛ ✌
✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✗ ❆ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✟
✬
✟ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✎ ✟ ✐ ☞ ✔ ✟ ✍ t ☞ ✑ ✤ ☞ ✍
s
☞ ✦ ✗
✪
✗
✪
✐
t ✝ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✦ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✑ t ✝ ✟ ✠ ✏ ☛ ✓ ✟ t ✝ ✞ t ✠ ✌ ☛ ☛ ✟ ✎ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✔ t ✌ t ✝ ✟ ✎ ✟
t ✝ ☛ ✟ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✎ ✟ ✎ ✗
❆ ✡ t ✝ ✌ ✏ ✦ ✝ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✞ ☛ ✤ ✛ ☞ t ✝ t ☞ ✒ ✟ ✐
✌ ✏ ☛ ✎ t ✏ ✔ ✤ ☞ ✍ t ✝ ☞ ✎ ✠ ✝ ✞ ♣ t ✟ ☛ ✛ ☞ ✡ ✡ ✚ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✎ t ☛ ☞ ✠ t ✟ ✔ t ✌
✒ ✌ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✛ ☞ t ✝ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ t ✞ ✍ t ✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✗ ✘ ✍ t ✝ ☞ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✎ ✟ ✐
t ✝ ✟ ✞ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✦ ✟ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✥ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✎ t ✝ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ t ✞ ✍ t
✓ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✟ ✌ ✑ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✔ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✦ t ✝ ✟ ☞ ✍ t ✟ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✗ ✘ ✑ t ✝ ✟
✓ ✟ ✡ ✌ ✠ ☞ t ✤ ✌ ✑ ✞ ✍ ✌ ✚
✈
✟ ✠ t ☞ ✎
✭
♦
✞ t
✮ ✯
✕ ✞ ✍ ✔
✭
✞ t t ☞ ✒ ✟
✮
✐
✛ ✟ ✝ ✞ ✓ ✟
✰ ✱
✵
✲
✲
✳ ✳
✴ ✷
✳ ✳
✴ ✸
✸
❾
❂ ❂ ✺
❾
❝
✪
✗
✻
✧
❋ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✾ ❀ ❁ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❅ ❃ ❈ ❉ ❇ ❅ ❊ ● ❍ ■ ❏ ❑ ▲ ▼ ❃ ■ ❊ ❃ ❇ ❅ ❃ ❈ ❖ ❅ ❇ ▲
◗
❏
❘
❑ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❅
❚
● ❏
❯ ❯
●
❱
● ■ ❏ ❇ ❅ ❃ ❈
❲ ◗ ❳ ❘
❈ ● ❍ ❏ ❇ ❅
❚
●
❏
❯ ❯
●
❱
●■ ❏ ❇ ❅ ❃❈
❨
❏ ❈
❩ ◗ ❯ ❘ ❬
●■ ❃ ❏
❯ ❯
●
❱
●■ ❏ ❇ ❅ ❃❈
❭
❞ ✟ t ✏ ✎ ✎ ✟ ✟ ✝ ✌ ✛ ✓ ✟ ✡ ✌ ✠ ☞ t ✤ ✩ t ☞ ✒ ✟ ✦ ☛ ✞ ♣ ✝ ✡ ✌ ✌ ★ ✎ ✡ ☞ ★ ✟
✑ ✌ ☛ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✒ ♣ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✎ ✟ ✎ ✗
s
☞ ✦ ✗
✪
✗ ✖ ✕ ✎ ✝ ✌ ✛ ✎ ✓ ✟ ✡ ✌ ✠ ☞ t ✤ ✩
t ☞ ✒ ✟ ✦ ☛ ✞ ♣ ✝ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✒ ✌ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✛ ☞ t ✝ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ t ✞ ✍ t ✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍
✑ ✌ ☛ t ✝ ✟ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✡ ✌ ✛ ☞ ✍ ✦ ✠ ✞ ✎ ✟ ✎ ❢
❝ ✞ ✧ ❆ ✍ ✌ ✚
✈
✟ ✠ t ☞ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✦ ☞ ✍ ✞ ♣ ✌ ✎ ☞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✠ t ☞ ✌ ✍
✛ ☞ t ✝ ✞ ♣ ✌ ✎ ☞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✐ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✟
✬
✞ ✒ ♣ ✡ ✟
t ✝ ✟ ✒ ✌ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✑ t ✝ ✟ ✠ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✍
s
☞ ✦ ✗
✪
✗
✪
✚ ✟ t ✛ ✟ ✟ ✍
✮ ✯
✕ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✔
✮ ✯
✖ ✕ ✎ ✗
❝ ✚ ✧ ❆ ✍ ✌ ✚
✈
✟ ✠ t ☞ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✦ ☞ ✍ ♣ ✌ ✎ ☞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✠ t ☞ ✌ ✍
✛ ☞ t ✝ ✞ ✍ ✟ ✦ ✞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✐ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✟
✬
✞ ✒ ♣ ✡ ✟ ✐
✒ ✌ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✑ t ✝ ✟ ✠ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✍
s
☞ ✦
✪
✗
✪
✚ ✟ t ✛ ✟ ✟ ✍
✮ ✯
✖ ✶ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✔ ✢ ✕ ✎ ✗
❝ ✠ ✧ ❆ ✍ ✌ ✚
✈
✟ ✠ t ☞ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✦ ☞ ✍ ✍ ✟ ✦ ✞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✠ t ☞ ✌ ✍
✛ ☞ t ✝ ✞ ✍ ✟ ✦ ✞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✐ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✟
✬
✞ ✒ ♣ ✡ ✟
t ✝ ✟ ✒ ✌ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✞ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✒ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✦ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✒ ❪ ☞ ✍
s
☞ ✦ ✗
✪
✗ ✖ ☞ ✍ ✍ ✟ ✦ ✞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ① ❫ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✠ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✛ ☞ t ✝
☞ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✦ ✎ ♣ ✟ ✟ ✔ ✗
❝ ✔ ✧ ❆ ✍ ✌ ✚
✈
✟ ✠ t ☞ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✦ ☞ ✍ ♣ ✌ ✎ ☞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✠ t ☞ ✌ ✍
t ☞ ✡ ✡ t ☞ ✒ ✟
✮
❴
❵
✞ ✍ ✔ t ✝ ✟ ✍ t ✏ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✚ ✞ ✠ ★ ✛ ☞ t ✝ t ✝ ✟
✎ ✞ ✒ ✟ ✍ ✟ ✦ ✞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✐ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✟
✬
✞ ✒ ♣ ✡ ✟
t ✝ ✟ ✒ ✌ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✞ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✒ ♣ ✌ ☞ ✍ t ❪ t ✌ ♣ ✌ ☞ ✍ t
Q ☞ ✍
s
☞ ✦ ✗
✪
✗ ✖ t ☞ ✡ ✡ t ☞ ✒ ✟
✮
❴
✛ ☞ t ✝ ✔ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✦
✎ ♣ ✟ ✟ ✔ ✞ ✍ ✔ t ✏ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✦ ✚ ✞ ✠ ★ ✞ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✦ ✛ ☞ t ✝
t ✝ ✟ ✎ ✞ ✒ ✟ ✍ ✟ ✦ ✞ t ☞ ✓ ✟ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✞ t ☞ ✌ ✍ ✗
❆ ✍ ☞ ✍ t ✟ ☛ ✟ ✎ t ☞ ✍ ✦ ✑ ✟ ✞ t ✏ ☛ ✟ ✌ ✑ ✞ ✓ ✟ ✡ ✌ ✠ ☞ t ✤ ✩ t ☞ ✒ ✟ ✦ ☛ ✞ ♣ ✝
✑ ✌ ☛ ✞ ✍ ✤ ✒ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✦ ✌ ✚
✈
✟ ✠ t ☞ ✎ t ✝ ✞ t ❡❣ ❤ ❥ ❦❤ ❥ ❧ ♠ ♥ ❤ ❦ ❡❣ ❤
q ❧ ❦ r ❤ ❦❤ ✉ ❦❤ ✇ ❤ ♠ ❡ ✇ ❡ ❣ ❤ ♥ ② ✇ ✉ ④ ❥ q ❤ ⑤ ❤ ♠ ❡ ⑥ r ❤ ❦ ❥
⑦ ② r ❤ ♠ ❡ ② ⑤ ❤ ② ♠ ❡ ❤ ❦r ❥ ④ ✗ ❆ ✦ ✟ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✡ ♣ ☛ ✌ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✑ t ✝ ☞ ✎
❋ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✾
⑧⑨ ⑩
●
❱
❃
❯
❅ ❇
❶ ❷
❇ ❅ ❊ ● ❍ ■ ❏ ❑ ▲ ▼ ❃ ■ ❊ ❃ ❇ ❅ ❃ ❈ ❄ ❖ ❅ ❇ ▲
❯
❃❈ ❄ ❇❏ ❈ ❇ ❏
❯ ❯
●
❱
● ■ ❏ ❇❅ ❃❈ ❸
◗
❏
❘
❹ ❃ ❇ ❅ ❃ ❈ ❅ ❈ ❑ ❃❄ ❅ ❇ ❅
❚
●
❩
❅ ■ ●
❯
❇ ❅ ❃ ❈ ❖ ❅ ❇ ▲ ❑ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❅
❚
● ❏
❯ ❯
●
❱
● ■ ❏ ❇ ❅ ❃ ❈
❨
◗ ❳ ❘
❹ ❃ ❇ ❅ ❃ ❈ ❅ ❈ ❑ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❅
❚
●
❩
❅ ■ ●
❯
❇ ❅ ❃ ❈ ❖ ❅ ❇ ▲
❈ ● ❍ ❏ ❇❅
❚
● ❏
❯ ❯
●
❱
● ■ ❏ ❇❅ ❃❈
❨ ◗ ❯ ❘
❹ ❃ ❇❅ ❃❈ ❅ ❈ ❈ ●❍ ❏ ❇❅
❚
●
❩
❅ ■ ●
❯
❇ ❅ ❃ ❈ ❖ ❅ ❇ ▲ ❈ ● ❍ ❏ ❇ ❅
❚
● ❏
❯ ❯
●
❱
● ■ ❏ ❇ ❅ ❃ ❈
❨
◗ ❩ ❘
❹ ❃❇ ❅ ❃ ❈ ❃▼ ❏ ❈ ❃
❳ ❺
●
❯
❇ ❖ ❅ ❇ ▲ ❈ ● ❍ ❏ ❇ ❅
❚
●
❏
❯ ❯
●
❱
● ■ ❏ ❇ ❅ ❃ ❈ ❇▲ ❏ ❇
❯
▲ ❏ ❈ ❍ ●❄
❩
❅ ■ ●
❯
❇ ❅ ❃❈ ❏ ❇ ❇❅ ❊ ●
❇
❻
❸
❼
● ❇ ❖● ●❈ ❇ ❅ ❊●❄
❽
❇ ❃ ❇
❻
❨
❅ ❇ ❄ ❊❃
❚
●❄ ❅ ❈
❑ ❃ ❄❅ ❇ ❅
❚
●
❿
❉
❩
❅ ■ ●
❯
❇ ❅ ❃ ❈ ❏ ❈
❩ ❳
●❇ ❖● ●❈ ❇
❻
❏ ❈
❩
❇
➀
❅ ❇ ❊❃
❚
● ❄ ❅ ❈ ❇▲ ● ❃ ❑ ❑ ❃❄❅ ❇ ●
❩
❅ ■ ●
❯
❇ ❅ ❃❈
❭
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✝ ☎ ✂ ✞ ✟ ✁ ✠ ✂ ✄ ✡ ✹ ☛
s ☞ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✍ s ✓ s ✍ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✓ s ✘ ✙ ✍ ✖ ✌ ✏ ✥
❤ ❡ ✚ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✥ s ✍ ✍ ☞ ❤ ✌ ☞ ✔ ☞ ✔ s ☞ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✕ ❡ ✑ ☞ ❤ ✍ s ✔ ✎ ✱ ✗ ✍ ✖ ✌ s ✍ ❡ ✕
✌ ✏ ❡ ❛ ✜ ✍ ✖ ☞ ✎ ❡ ✛ ✔ ✏ ✢ ✚ ✔ ☞ ❤ ✖ ❡ ✏ s ☞ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✛ ✍ ✗ ❡ ✖ ✔ ☞ ✣ ✉ ✘ ✳ ☞ s
✛ ✍ ✗ ❡ ✖ ✔ ☞ ✣ ✈ ☞ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✢ ✑ ✌ ✱ ❤ ✔ s ✌ s s ❤ ❡ ✚ ✏ ✔ ✏ t ✔ ✢ ✘ ✤ ✘ ✦ ✦ ✘
❋ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪✩✫✫ ❆ ✬ ✭✮ ✯ ✰ ✲ ✭✬ ✴✵ ✶ ✷ ✯ ✬ ✴✭ ✭ ✸ ✯ ✮ ✺ ✻ ✲ ✼ ✻✽ ✺ ✮ ✷ ✭ ✾ ✭ ✰ ✶
♦ ✿
✶
❀
✭
♦ ❁ ❂
✭✷ ✶
♦
✴✭✬ ✮
❃
✼ ✴✭ ✰ ✶✼ ✾ ✭ ✼ ✰ ✶✭✬ ✴ ✮ ✺
❄
❚ ❤ ✍ ❅ ❇ ❈ ✖ ✓ ✑ ✛ ✍ ✔ s ✌ s ☞ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✢ ❤ ☞ ✗ ✔ ✏ ✍ ✱ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ❡ ☞ ❤ ✍
☞ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✌ ❉ ✔ s ✌ ✏ ❊ ☞ ❤ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✏ ❊ ✍ ✑ ✔ ☞ ❛ ✍ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✍ ✏ ❈ ● ❍
✌ ✏ ❊ ❈ ● ■ ✔ s ☞ ❤ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✌ ❡ ✕ ☞ ❤ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✢ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✕ ❤ ✍ ✔ ✢ ❤ ☞ ✉
✌ ✏ ❊ ❛ ✌ s ✍ ■ ✘ ❚ ❤ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✕ ❡ ✑ ✍ ✥ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✌ ● ✉ ❏ ■ ● ✉ ■ ✚ ❤ ✔ ✖ ❤
✔ s ☞ ❤ ✍ ❊ ✔ s ✱ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✏ ☞ ✔ ✏ ☞ ❤ ✔ s ☞ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✛ ✌ ✗ ✘ ✐ ❡ ✚
✖ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✏ ☞ ❤ ✔ s ✖ ✌ s ✍ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✔ s ✍ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✗ ☞ ❡ ✌ ❊ ✔ s ☞ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✍ ❝
❚ ❤ ✔ ✏ ❑ ▲ ◆ ❡ ☞ ✍ ☞ ❤ ✍ ❊ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✏ s ✔ ❡ ✏ s ❡ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✔ ☞ ✔ ✍ s ❡ ✏
☞ ❤ ✍ ☞ ✚ ❡ ✖ ❡ ❡ ✑ ❊ ✔ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✌ ❉ ✍ s ✥ ✌ ✏ ❊ ✣ ❡ ✓ ✚ ✔ ✗ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✛ ✍ ✌ ☞
☞ ❤ ✍ ✌ ✏ s ✚ ✍ ✑ ✘
❖P ◗❘ ◗❙ ❯ ◗ ◗ ❙ ❘ ① ❱❲ ❳ ❨ ❱❲ ❳ ❯ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❱❲ ❪ ❫❯ ❴ ❙ ❵ ❵ ❙ P ❜ ❩
❞ ❩ ❵ ❘ ❢ ❘ ❫ ❯ ❣ ❥ ❞ ❪ ❦ ❫ ❘ ❵ ❞ ❩ ◗❙ ❞ ❵ ❧ ❙ ❯ ❴ ◗❘ ❫ ❙ ❯ ❢ ❘ ❵ ❙ ❯ ❫ ❴
♠ ❞ ❩ ♠ ❵ ❯ ◗ ❵ P ♥ ❘ ❴ P ❞ ❩ ◗ ❵ ❞ ♥ ❴ ❣ ♣ ❞ ❩ ❪ ◗ ❙ ❯ ◗ ◗ ❙ ❘
❥ ❦ ❩ ❧ ◗❞ P ❩ ❵ ❯ ❫❘ ❩ P ◗ ❬ ❞ ❥ ❥ ❘ ❫❘ ❩ ◗❞ ❯ q ❣ ❘ ❯ ◗ ◗ ❙ ❘ ❵ ❘
❴ P ❞ ❩ ◗ ❵ r ✇ ❩ ❯ ❩ ♣ ❫ ❘ ❯ ❣ ❞ ❵ ◗ ❞ ❧ ❵ ❞ ◗ ❦ ❯ ◗ ❞ P ❩ ② ◗ ❙ ❘
❥ ❦ ❩ ❧ ◗ ❞ P ❩ ❵ ❜ ❞ ❣ ❣ q ❘ ❬ ❞ ❥ ❥ ❘ ❫ ❘ ❩ ◗ ❞ ❯ q ❣ ❘ ❯ ◗ ❯ ❣ ❣ ❴ P ❞ ❩ ◗ ❵
❯ ❩ ❬ ◗❙ ❘ ❪ ❫ ❯ ❴ ❙ ❵ ❜ ❞ ❣ ❣ q ❘ ❵ ♥ P P ◗❙ ✘
③
❙ ❯ ◗ ◗ ❙ ❞ ❵ ♥ ❘ ❯ ❩ ❵ ❴ ❙ ♣ ❵ ❞ ❧ ❯ ❣ ❣ ♣ ❞ ❵ ◗ ❙ ❯ ◗
❯ ❧ ❧ ❘ ❣ ❘ ❫❯ ◗❞ P ❩ ❯ ❩ ❬ ❢ ❘ ❣ P ❧ ❞ ◗♣ ❧ ❯ ❩ ❩ P ◗ ❧ ❙ ❯ ❩ ❪ ❘
❢ ❯ ❣ ❦ ❘ ❵ ❯ q ❫ ❦ ❴ ◗ ❣ ♣ ❯ ◗ ❯ ❩ ❞ ❩ ❵ ◗❯ ❩ ◗ r
④
❙ ❯ ❩ ❪ ❘ ❵ ❯ ❫ ❘
❯ ❣ ❜ ❯ ♣ ❵ ❧ P ❩ ◗ ❞ ❩ ❦ P ❦ ❵ r
⑤ r ⑥ ⑦ ✇ ❖ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ✇
④
⑧ Q ❷ ⑩ ❶ ✇ ❸ ❖ ❹ ❺ ❸ ❻
❷ ❖ ✇ ❺ ❸ ❻ ⑨
❼ ❽
⑩
④ ④
⑧
❼
⑧ ❻ ⑩ ❶ ⑧
❾
⑨ ❸ ❶ ✇ ❸ ❖
t ❡ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✑ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✌ ✖ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✍ ❊ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✔ ❡ ✏ ✥ ✚ ✍ ✖ ✌ ✏ ❊ ✍ ✑ ✔ ✛ ✍
s ❡ ✎ ✍ s ✔ ✎ ✱ ✗ ✍ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✌ ☞ ✔ ❡ ✏ s ☞ ❤ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✌ ☞ ✍ ❊ ✔ s ✱ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✏ ☞
❿ ➀ ➁ ✥ ☞ ✔ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✌ ❑ ✍ ✏ ❿ ❈ ➁ ✥ ✔ ✏ ✔ ☞ ✔ ✌ ✗ ✛ ✍ ✗ ❡ ✖ ✔ ☞ ✣ ❿ ❅
➂
➁ ✥ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✗
✛ ✍ ✗ ❡ ✖ ✔ ☞ ✣ ❿ ❅ ➁ ✌ ✏ ❊ ✌ ✖ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✔ ❡ ✏ ❿ ➃ ➁ ✘ ➄ ✒ ✓ ✌ ☞ ✔ ❡ ✏ ❿ ✤ ✘ ➅ ➁
✌ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✌ ❊ ✣ ❡ ❛ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✏ ✍ ❊ ✢ ✔ ✛ ✍ s ✌ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✌ ☞ ✔ ❡ ✏ ❛ ✍ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✗
✌ ✏ ❊ ✔ ✏ ✔ ☞ ✔ ✌ ✗ ✛ ✍ ✗ ❡ ✖ ✔ ☞ ✔ ✍ s ❅ ✌ ✏ ❊ ❅
➂
❡ ✕ ✌ ✏ ❡ ❛ ✜ ✍ ✖ ☞ ✎ ❡ ✛ ✔ ✏ ✢
✚ ✔ ☞ ❤ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✑ ✎ ✌ ✖ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✔ ❡ ✏ ➃ ➆
❅ ➇ ❅
➂
➈ ➃ ❈ ❿ ✤ ✘ ➅ ➁
❚ ❤ ✔ s ✑ ✍ ✗ ✌ ☞ ✔ ❡ ✏ ✔ s ✢ ✑ ✌ ✱ ❤ ✔ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✣ ✑ ✍ ✱ ✑ ✍ s ✍ ✏ ☞ ✍ ❊ ✔ ✏ t ✔ ✢ ✘ ✤ ✘ ✦
➉
✘
❚ ❤ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✏ ❊ ✍ ✑ ☞ ❤ ✔ s ✖ ✓ ✑ ✛ ✍ ✔ s ➆
➊
✑ ✍ ✌ ❛ ✍ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✔ ✏ s ☞ ✌ ✏ ☞ s ❍ ✌ ✏ ❊ ❈ ●
➊
✑ ✍ ✌ ❡ ✕ ☞ ✑ ✔ ✌ ✏ ✢ ✗ ✍
➊ ➋➌ ➍ ➊
✑ ✍ ✌ ❡ ✕ ✑ ✍ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✢ ✗ ✍
➎ ➊ ➌ ➏
➐ ➑
➒
➓ ➓
➔
→ → ➣ ↔ → ➣
↕
➙
❋ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✩✫
➛
❆ ✬ ✭✮ ✯ ✰ ✲ ✭✬ ✴
➜
✶ ✷ ✯ ✬ ✴✭
✿ ♦
✬ ✮ ✰
♦ ❁ ❂
✭ ✷ ✶
➝
✼ ✶
❀
✯ ✰ ✼
✿ ♦
✬ ✾ ✮ ✷ ✷ ✭✺ ✭✬ ✮ ✶✼
♦
✰
❄
➊
s ✍ ❉ ✱ ✗ ✌ ✔ ✏ ✍ ❊ ✔ ✏ ☞ ❤ ✍ ✱ ✑ ✍ ✛ ✔ ❡ ✓ s s ✍ ✖ ☞ ✔ ❡ ✏ ✥ ☞ ❤ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✌
✓ ✏ ❊ ✍ ✑ ❅ ❇ ❈ ✖ ✓ ✑ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✱ ✑ ✍ s ✍ ✏ ☞ s ☞ ❤ ✍ ❊ ✔ s ✱ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✏ ☞ ✘
❚ ❤ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✕ ❡ ✑ ✍ ✥ ☞ ❤ ✍ ❊ ✔ s ✱ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✏ ☞ ➀ ❡ ✕ ☞ ❤ ✍ ❡ ❛ ✜ ✍ ✖ ☞ ✔ s ➆
➞ ➟
➠
➡
➢
➤ ➤
➥ ➦ ➦ ➧ ➨ ➦ ➧➩
❿ ✤ ✘ ➫ ➁
➋
✓ ☞ ✴ ✴ ✮ ✶
➭
➯ ➲
❚ ❤ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✕ ❡ ✑ ✍ ✥
➳
➵
➸
➺
➻ ➼ ➽ ➾ ➚ ➽➪
❡ ✑ ✥
➶
➹
➠
➢
➥ ➦ ➧ ➘ ➧➩ ➴
❿ ✤ ✘ ➷ ➁
➄ ✒ ✓ ✌ ☞ ✔ ❡ ✏ ❿ ✤ ✘ ➫ ➁ ✖ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✗ s ❡ ❛ ✍ ✚ ✑ ✔ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✏ ✌ s
➹
➢
➦ ➨ ➦
➥ ➧ ➦ ➧➩ ➩
❿ ✤ ✘ ➬ ✌ ➁
✚ ❤ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✥
➹
➢
➦ ➦
➦
➴
➩
➮ ➱ ✃ ❐❒ ❮ ❰ ❐ ❮ ❰ ➱ ➱ Ï Ð Ï Ñ ❰ ❮ Ò ✃ ❐ ✃ ❐ Ð Ó Ô
❿ ✤ ✘ ➬ ❛ ➁
➄ ✒ ✓ ✌ ☞ ✔ ❡ ✏ s ❿ ✤ ✘ ➬ ✌ ➁ ✌ ✏ ❊ ❿ ✤ ✘ ➬ ❛ ➁ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✏ ☞ ❤ ✌ ☞ ☞ ❤ ✍ ❡ ❛ ✜ ✍ ✖ ☞
❤ ✌ s ✓ ✏ ❊ ✍ ✑ ✢ ❡ ✏ ✍ ❊ ✔ s ✱ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✏ ☞ ➀ ✚ ✔ ☞ ❤ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✢ ✍
✛ ✍ ✗ ❡ ✖ ✔ ☞ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✗ ☞ ❡ ☞ ❤ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✔ ☞ ❤ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✔ ✖ ✌ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✢ ✍ ❡ ✕ ☞ ❤ ✍
✔ ✏ ✔ ☞ ✔ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✏ ❊ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✗ ✛ ✍ ✗ ❡ ✖ ✔ ☞ ✔ ✍ s ✘
t ✑ ❡ ✎ ➄ ✒ ✘ ❿ ✤ ✘ ➅ ➁ ✥ ❈ ➇ ❿ ❅
Õ
❅
Ö
➁
×
➃ ✘
Ø
✓ ❛ s ☞ ✔ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✔ ✏ ✢ ☞ ❤ ✔ s ✔ ✏
➄ ✒ ✘ ❿ ✤ ✘ ➬ ✌ ➁ ✥ ✚ ✍ ✢ ✍ ☞
➶ ➶
➹ ➹ ➹
➢ ➢
➦ ➦ ➦ ➦ ➦ ➦
➥ ➦ ➧
➘ ➘
➴ Ù Ù
Ú Û Ú Û
➩ ➩ ➩
Ü Ý Ü Ý
Þ ß Þ ß
à à
á
âã ã ä åæ ç
❿ ✤ ✘ ✦ ❍ ➁
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✹ ✆
✝
❚ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✠ ✎ ✓ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✔ ✓ ✕
✠ ☞ ✓ ✠ ✍ ✟ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✟ ✏ s ✍ ✞ ✡ ✖ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✡ ✎ ✗ t ✗ ✥ ✎ ✘ ✙ ☛ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✚ ✢ ✣ ✟ ✏ ✍ ✎
✙ ☛ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✚ ❊ ✣ ✚ ❚ ✞ ☞ ✠ ✤ ✦ ✡ ✞ ✌ ✖ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✔ ✍ ✞ ✥ ✡ ✡
✟ ✘ ✐ ✎ ✥ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✧
✵
✈ ✈ ❛ ★❂ ✩
✷
✪
✶
✫
① ✬ ✭ ✮ ✭✯ ✰
✱ ✱
✲
✳✴ ✴ ✸ ✺✻ ✼
✛ ✜ ✚
✽ ✽
✌ ✣
✑ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✏ s ✗ ✟ ✖ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✠
✾
✿
❀ ✾ ❀ ❁ ❀
t ✌ ✏ ✔
❃
✚ ❚ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✡
✌ ✥ ✡ ❄ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✘ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✑ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✗ ✥ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✒ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✥ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏
✗ ✎ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✑ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✥ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✚
❚ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✙ ☛ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✚
✽ ✽
✌ ✣ ✦ ✡ ✥ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✔ ✓ ✕
✌ ✠ ✠ ☞ ✘ ✟ ✏ s ✍ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✍ t
❅ ❆
✤ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✐ ✎ ✠ ✟ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✞ ✡
✐ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✤
❃
✟ ✠
❆
✚ ❇ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✟ ✏ ✌ ✘ ✎ ✥ ✡ s ✡ ✏ ✡ ✥ ✌ ✒
✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✟ ✗ ✦ ✡ ✍ ✌ ❄ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✐ ✎ ✠ ✟ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✥ ✔ ✟ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✍ t
❅ ❆
✌ ✠ ✏ ✎ ✏ ❈ ❉ ✡ ✥ ✎ ✤ ✠ ✌ ✕
❃
❋
✚ ❚ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✙ ☛ ✠ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✚
✽ ✽
✌ ✣ ✌ ✥ ✡
✘ ✎ ✔ ✟ ✗ ✟ ✡ ✔ ✛ ✥ ✡ ✐ ✒ ✌ ✑ ✟ ✏ s
❃
✓ ✕
❃
➊
❃
❋
✣ ✍ ✎ ✧
✵
✈ ✈ ❛ ★❂ ✩
✷
✪ ✪
✶
✫
① ① ✬ ✭ ✮ ✭✯ ✰ ✰
✛ ✜ ✚
✽ ✽
✓ ✣
● ●
❍ ❍
■ ❏ ❑▲ ▲ ▼ ◆ ◆❖ ◗ ❾
✛ ✜ ✚
✽ ✽
✑ ✣
❘ ❙ ❯ ❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❩ ❭ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✟ ✏ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏
✗ ✎ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✑ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✥ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✏ s ✘ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✔ ✎ ✗
✑ ✌ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✠ ✚
❪ ❫ ❴ ❵
❨
❜ ❝
✕ ✔ ✡ ✗ ✟ ✏ ✟ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏
❞
❞
✬
✮
✭
✯
✔
✾ ❡ ❁
✔ t
❢
✏ ✍ ✡ s ✥ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✏ s ✓ ✎ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✟ ✔ ✡ ✠
❣
❤
❥ ❥
❦ ❧
❦
♠ ♥ ♦♣
q q
r
✉
✇
② ③④
⑤
✛
❁
✟ ✠ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✣
⑥
⑦ ✬ ✬ ✮ ✭ ✯
⑥
✬ ✬ ✮ ✭✯ ✰
⑧
☞ ✥ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✥ ✤
❞
❞
①
✬
✭
✯
✔
❃ ❡ ✾
✔ t
❢
✏ ✍ ✡ s ✥ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✏ s ✓ ✎ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✟ ✔ ✡ ✠
❣
❥
⑨
⑨
⑩
q
❤
❥
❧
♠ ♦♣
q
❶ ❷
r
r
✉
✇
❸ ② ③ ③④ ❹
⑤
❺
❻ ❻
❼
❽
❿
➀ ➀ ➁ ➂ ➃ ➂➄ ➅
❃ ❅
➆
➇ ➇
➈
➉
➋ ➌ ➍ ➎ ➍➏ ➏
❇ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✦ ✥ ✟ ✍ ✡
❞ ❞ ❞ ❞
❞ ❞ ❞ ❞
✬ ✬ ① ✬
✮ ✬
✭ ① ✭ ①
✯ ✯ ✯
✎ ✥ ✤
✾
✔
✾ ❡ ❁
✔
❃
❢
✏ ✍ ✡ s ✥ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✏ s ✓ ✎ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✟ ✔ ✡ ✠ ✤
➐ ➐
✉ ✉
➑ ➒
➑ ➒
❸ ❸ ② ➓④
⑤ ⑤
➔ →
➣ ➣
↔
↔
↕
↕
➙
➛ ➛
➜ ➝ ➝➞
➟ ➠
➡ ➡
➢ ➢
➤ ➥✈ ✈ ❛ ➦ ➦❂ ✩
➧ ➨ ➩ ❁ ➫ ✾ ❁ ➭
t
❁ ➯ ➩ ➲ ➳
t
➨ ➵➸ ➺ ➩
t
➨ ➲ ➫ ➵ ➸
t
➨ ❁
t
➵
t
➻ ❁ ➭ ➼ ➩
➽ ➸ ➩ ➫ ➳ ➲ ➾ ➺ ➲
t
➵➲ ➭ ➚ ➵
t
➨ ➭ ➲ ➭ ➪ ➽ ➭ ➵ ➳ ➲ ➾ ➺ ❁ ➻ ➻ ➩ ➶➩ ➾ ❁
t
➵ ➲ ➭
❁ ➶ ➸ ➲ ➹
➘
✎ ✦ ✤ ✦ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✌ ✒ ✒ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✎ ✘ ✡
✟ ✘ ✐ ✎ ✥ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✚
➴
❘ ❙ ❯ ❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬
➷ ➬
✓ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✥ ✎ ✦ ✏ ✖ ✡ ✥ ✍ ✟ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✕
☞ ✐ ✦ ✌ ✥ ✔ ✠ ✦ ✟ ✍ ✞ ✌ ✖ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✟ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✗
➮ ❆
✘ ✠
➱ ✃
✗ ✥ ✎ ✘
✍ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✐ ✎ ✗ ✌ ✘ ☞ ✒ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✡ ✕ ✓ ☞ ✟ ✒ ✔ ✟ ✏ s ✚ ❚ ✞ ✡
✞ ✡ ✟ s ✞ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✐ ✎ ✟ ✏ ✍ ✗ ✥ ✎ ✘ ✦ ✞ ✡ ✥ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✟ ✠
✍ ✞ ✥ ✎ ✦ ✏ ✟ ✠
➮ ❐
✚
❆
✘ ✗ ✥ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✞ ✡ s ✥ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✔ ✚ ✛ ✌ ✣
❒
✎ ✦
✞ ✟ s ✞ ✦ ✟ ✒ ✒ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✥ ✟ ✠ ✡
❮
✌ ✏ ✔ ✛ ✓ ✣ ✞ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✎ ✏ s
✦ ✟ ✒ ✒ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✡ ✓ ✡ ✗ ✎ ✥ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✡ s ✥ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✔
❮
❚ ✌ ❄ ✡ s
❅ ✽ ❆
✘ ✠
➱
❰
✚
❪ ❫ ❴ ❵
❨
❜
✛ ✌ ✣
Ï
✡ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✍ ✌ ❄ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✡
Ð
❈ ✌
Ñ
✟ ✠ ✟ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✡
✖ ✡ ✥ ✍ ✟ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✕ ☞ ✐ ✦ ✌ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✟ ✥ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✦ ✟ ✍ ✞ ❉ ✡ ✥ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✞ ✡
s ✥ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✌ ✠ ✠ ✞ ✎ ✦ ✏ ✟ ✏
⑧
✟ s ✚ ✜ ✚
✽
✜ ✚
➘
✎ ✦
✾
Ò
❅
Ó
➮ ❆
✘ ✠
Ô Õ
✤
❁ ❅
➊
➯ ❡
➊
✽ ❆
✘ ✠
Ô
Ö
✤
✾ ❅ ❆
✘ ✠
Ô Õ
❢
✗ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✥ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✞ ✡ ✟ s ✞ ✍
Ð
✗ ✥ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✐ ✎ ✟ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✗
✒ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✑ ✞ ✤ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✏ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✏ s ✍ ✞ ✡ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✏
× Ø
Ù
Ú Ú
Û
Ü Ü Ý Þ ß à ßá â
✦ ✡ s ✡ ✍
❆ ❅
✛
➮ ❆
✣
Ö
Ó
➮
✛ ➊
✽ ❆
✣ ✛
Ð
ã
Ð
❋
✣
ä ✎ ✒ ✖ ✟ ✏ s ✤ ✦ ✡ s ✡ ✍ ✤ ✛
Ð
ã
Ð
❋
✣
❅ ➮ ❆
✘ ✚
✛ ✓ ✣ ❇ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✒ ✖ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✐ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✐ ✥ ✎ ✓ ✒ ✡ ✘ ✟ ✏ ✍ ✦ ✎
✦ ✌ ✕ ✠ ✚ åæ çè é ê ëè ì í î î ï ç ð è ñ è ç ð æ ò ó í ó è ò ✚
✝
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✝ ☎ ✂ ✞ ✟ ✁ ✠ ✂ ✄ ✡ ✹ ☛
☞
❋ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✏
✒ ✓ ✔✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✿ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✣ ✪ ✥ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✥ ✩ ✯ ✰ ✧ ✣
✣ ✤ ✥ ✯ t ✣ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✣ ✮ ✫ ✯ t ★ ✣ ✩ ✿ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✱ ✯ ✮ t ★ ✬ ✪ ✫ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✲ ✳ ✣ ✫
❇ ✴ t ✢ ✬ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✬ ✫ ✮ ✢ ✮ t ★ ✬ ✪ ✫ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✲ ❇ ✣ ✫ ✵ ✴ t ✢ ✬
❝
t ✰
❝
✱ ✰ t ✣ ✥ ✣ ✤ ✥
❝
✫ ★ ★ ✥ ✩ ✯ ✫ ✢ ✬ ✧ ✢
✶
✣ ✧ ✪ ✥ ✣ t
✷
✥ ✢
✸
✺
t ✢ ✬
✸
✻
✼ ✽
✧ ✢
❝
✥ ✣ ✤ ✥
✾
✥ ✰ ✫
❝
✧ ✣
❀
t ✣ ❇ ✧ ✩
❁
✥ ★ ✫ ✭ ✮ ✥ ✤ t
✾
✥ ✿
✈ ❂ ✈
♦
❃ ❄ ✸
❅ ❂ ❆ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❅ ✸
✺
❖
★ ✭
✸
✺
❂ ❆
✩
❚ ✤ ✧ ✩ ✧ ✩ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✣ ✧ ✪ ✥ ✧ ✢
✶
✫ ✧ ✢
✶
✦ ★ ✫ ✪ ❊ ✣ ✫ ●
✼
❍ ★ ✫ ✪ ● ✭ ✫ ★
✣ ✤ ✥ ✯ ✫ ✧ ✢ ✣ ✫ ✦ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✪ t ■ ✧ ✪ ✱ ✪ ✤ ✥ ✧
✶
✤ ✣ ✭ ✣ ✤ ✥ ❏ t ✰ ✰ ✦ t ✰ ✰ ✩
✦ ★ ✥ ✥ ✰
❀
✱ ✢ ✬ ✥ ★ ✣ ✤ ✥ t
❝ ❝
✥ ✰ ✥ ★ t ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✬ ✱ ✥ ✣ ✫
✶
★ t
✾
✧ ✣
❀ ✼
❚ ✤ ✥
❏ t ✰ ✰ ✧ ✩ ✪ ✫
✾
✧ ✢
✶
✧ ✢ ✢ ✥
✶
t ✣ ✧
✾
✥
②
✬ ✧ ★ ✥
❝
✣ ✧ ✫ ✢
✼ ❡
✥ ✱ ✩ ✥
✥
❑
✱ t ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢
▲
◆ ◆
P
◗
❘ ❘ ❙ ❯ ❛ ❯❱ ❲ ❲
❡
✥ ✤ t
✾
✥ ✭
②
❳
❂
❨ ❩ ✪ ✭
② ❂ ❅
✭
✈
❬
❂ ❅
✭
❄
❭ ❪ ❣
❂ ❈ ❉ ❅
✪ ✩
➊ ✻
❅ ❂
❨ ❩ ❫ ✲ ❴ ✴ ✲
❈ ❉ ❅
✴
✸
✻
✻
✽
✫ ✰
✾
✧ ✢
✶
✭ ✮ ✥
✶
✥ ✣ ✣
✻
❂ ❵
✩
❚ ✤ ✥ ★ ✥ ✦ ✫ ★ ✥ ✭ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✣ ✫ ✣ t ✰ ✣ ✧ ✪ ✥ ✣ t
✷
✥ ✢ ❏
❀
✣ ✤ ✥ ❏ t ✰ ✰ ❏ ✥ ✦ ✫ ★ ✥
✧ ✣ ✤ ✧ ✣ ✩ ✣ ✤ ✥
✶
★ ✫ ✱ ✢ ✬
❂ ✸
✺
❃ ✸
✻
❂ ❆
✩ ❫
❵
✩
❂
❩ ✩
✼
✕ ✘ ❜ ✚ ❞✛ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✿ ❚ ✤ ✥ ✣ ✫ ✣ t ✰ ✣ ✧ ✪ ✥ ✣ t
✷
✥ ✢
❝
t ✢
t ✰ ✩ ✫ ❏ ✥
❝
t ✰
❝
✱ ✰ t ✣ ✥ ✬ ❏
❀
✢ ✫ ✣ ✧ ✢
✶
✣ ✤ ✥
❝
✫ ✫ ★ ✬ ✧ ✢ t ✣ ✥ ✩ ✫ ✦
✧ ✢ ✧ ✣ ✧ t ✰ t ✢ ✬ ✦ ✧ ✢ t ✰ ✯ ✫ ✩ ✧ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✩ ✫ ✦ ✣ ✤ ✥ ❏ t ✰ ✰ ✮ ✧ ✣ ✤ ★ ✥ ✩ ✯ ✥
❝
✣
✣ ✫ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✫ ★ ✧
✶
✧ ✢
❝
✤ ✫ ✩ ✥ ✢ t ✢ ✬ ✱ ✩ ✧ ✢
✶
✥
❑
✱ t ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢
▲
◆ ◆
P
◗
❘ ❘ ❙ ❯ ❛ ❯❱ ❲ ❲
❢ ✫ ✮
②
❳
❂ ❆
❩ ✪
② ❂ ❅
✪
✈
❤
❂ ❆ ❅
✪ ✩
✐ ✺
✭
❄ ❂ ❈ ❉ ❅
✪ ✩
➊ ✻
✭
✸ ❂
❥
❅ ❂ ❆
❩ ❫
❆ ❅ ✸
❫ ✲ ❴ ✴ ✲
❦ ❉ ❅
✴
✸
✻
❖
★ ✭ ❩
✸
✻
❈ ❆ ❅ ✸ ❈ ❆
❩
❂ ❅
✽
✫ ✰
✾
✧ ✢
✶
✣ ✤ ✧ ✩
❑
✱ t ✬ ★ t ✣ ✧
❝
✥
❑
✱ t ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✦ ✫ ★
✸
✭ ✮ ✥
✶
✥ ✣
✸ ❂
❩ ✩
❢ ✫ ✣ ✥ ✣ ✤ t ✣ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✩ ✥
❝
✫ ✢ ✬ ✪ ✥ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✧ ✩ ❏ ✥ ✣ ✣ ✥ ★ ✩ ✧ ✢
❝
✥ ✮ ✥
✬ ✫ ✢ ✫ ✣ ✤ t
✾
✥ ✣ ✫ ✮ ✫ ★ ★
❀
t ❏ ✫ ✱ ✣ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✯ t ✣ ✤ ✫ ✦ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✪ ✫ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢
t ✩ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✪ ✫ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✧ ✩ ✱ ✢ ✬ ✥ ★
❝
✫ ✢ ✩ ✣ t ✢ ✣ t
❝ ❝
✥ ✰ ✥ ★ t ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢
✼
❧
✘
♠ ♥ ♣ q r s ✉ ✇ ① ③ ④ ⑤ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑨ ⑩ ❶
✧ ✩
❝
✱ ✩ ✩ ✣ ✤ ✥
✪ ✫ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✫ ✦ t ✢ ✫ ❏
❷
✥
❝
✣ ✱ ✢ ✬ ✥ ★ ✦ ★ ✥ ✥ ✦ t ✰ ✰
✼
❢✥
✶
✰ ✥
❝
✣
t ✧ ★ ★ ✥ ✩ ✧ ✩ ✣ t ✢
❝
✥
✼
❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ s ❼
✳ ✢ ✫ ❏
❷
✥
❝
✣ ★ ✥ ✰ ✥ t ✩ ✥ ✬ ✢ ✥ t ★ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✩ ✱ ★ ✦ t
❝
✥ ✫ ✦
✣ ✤ ✥
❽
t ★ ✣ ✤ ✧ ✩ t
❝ ❝
✥ ✰ ✥ ★ t ✣ ✥ ✬ ✬ ✫ ✮ ✢ ✮ t ★ ✬ ✱ ✢ ✬ ✥ ★ ✣ ✤ ✥
✧ ✢ ✦ ✰ ✱ ✥ ✢
❝
✥ ✫ ✦ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✫ ★
❝
✥ ✫ ✦
✶
★ t
✾
✧ ✣
❀ ✼
❚ ✤ ✥ ✪ t
✶
✢ ✧ ✣ ✱ ✬ ✥
✫ ✦ t
❝ ❝
✥ ✰ ✥ ★ t ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✬ ✱ ✥ ✣ ✫
✶
★ t
✾
✧ ✣
❀
✧ ✩ ★ ✥ ✯ ★ ✥ ✩ ✥ ✢ ✣ ✥ ✬ ❏
❀
❾
✼
✜ ✦ t ✧ ★ ★ ✥ ✩ ✧ ✩ ✣ t ✢
❝
✥ ✧ ✩ ✢ ✥
✶
✰ ✥
❝
✣ ✥ ✬ ✭ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✫ ❏
❷
✥
❝
✣ ✧ ✩
✩ t ✧ ✬ ✣ ✫ ❏ ✥ ✧ ✢
⑦ ④⑤ ⑤ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑨
❿ ✜ ✦ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✥ ✧
✶
✤ ✣ ✣ ✤ ★ ✫ ✱
✶
✤
✮ ✤ ✧
❝
✤ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✫ ❏
❷
✥
❝
✣ ✦ t ✰ ✰ ✩ ✧ ✩ ✩ ✪ t ✰ ✰
❝
✫ ✪ ✯ t ★ ✥ ✬ ✣ ✫ ✣ ✤ ✥
✥ t ★ ✣ ✤ ➀ ✩ ★ t ✬ ✧ ✱ ✩ ✭ ❣
❝
t ✢ ❏ ✥ ✣ t
✷
✥ ✢ ✣ ✫ ❏ ✥
❝
✫ ✢ ✩ ✣ t ✢ ✣ ✭
✥
❑
✱ t ✰ ✣ ✫ ➁
✼
➂ ✪ ✩
➊ ✻
✼
❍ ★ ✥ ✥ ✦ t ✰ ✰ ✧ ✩ ✣ ✤ ✱ ✩ t
❝
t ✩ ✥ ✫ ✦
✪ ✫ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✮ ✧ ✣ ✤ ✱ ✢ ✧ ✦ ✫ ★ ✪ t
❝ ❝
✥ ✰ ✥ ★ t ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢
✼
❡
✥ t ✩ ✩ ✱ ✪ ✥ ✣ ✤ t ✣ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✪ ✫ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✧ ✩ ✧ ✢
② ❦
✬ ✧ ★ ✥
❝
✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✭
✪ ✫ ★ ✥
❝
✫ ★ ★ ✥
❝
✣ ✰
❀
✧ ✢
❈ ②
➃ ✬ ✧ ★ ✥
❝
✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ❏ ✥
❝
t ✱ ✩ ✥ ✮ ✥
❝
✤ ✫ ✫ ✩ ✥ ✱ ✯ ✮ t ★ ✬ ✬ ✧ ★ ✥
❝
✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ t ✩ ✯ ✫ ✩ ✧ ✣ ✧
✾
✥
✼ ✽
✧ ✢
❝
✥ ✣ ✤ ✥
t
❝ ❝
✥ ✰ ✥ ★ t ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✬ ✱ ✥ ✣ ✫
✶
★ t
✾
✧ ✣
❀
✧ ✩ t ✰ ✮ t
❀
✩ ✬ ✫ ✮ ✢ ✮ t ★ ✬ ✭
✧ ✣ ✧ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✢ ✥
✶
t ✣ ✧
✾
✥ ✬ ✧ ★ ✥
❝
✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ t ✢ ✬ ✮ ✥ ✤ t
✾
✥
❄ ❂ ❈
❣
❂ ❈
➁
✼
➂ ✪ ✩
➊ ✻
❚ ✤ ✥ ✫ ❏
❷
✥
❝
✣ ✧ ✩ ★ ✥ ✰ ✥ t ✩ ✥ ✬ ✦ ★ ✫ ✪ ★ ✥ ✩ ✣ t ✣
② ❂ ❅ ✼
❚ ✤ ✥ ★ ✥ ✦ ✫ ★ ✥ ✭
✈
❬
❂ ❅
t ✢ ✬ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✥
❑
✱ t ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✩ ✫ ✦ ✪ ✫ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ❏ ✥
❝
✫ ✪ ✥ ✿
✈ ❂ ❅ ❈
❣
✸ ❂ ❈
➁
✼
➂
✸
✪ ✩
➊ ✺
② ❂ ❅ ❈
❴ ❣
✸
✻
❂ ❈
❨
✼
➁
✸
✻
✪
✈
✻
❂ ❅ ❈ ❆
❣
② ❂ ❈ ❉
➁
✼ ➄ ②
✪
✻
✩
➊ ✻
❚ ✤ ✥ ✩ ✥ ✥
❑
✱ t ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✩
✶
✧
✾
✥ ✣ ✤ ✥
✾
✥ ✰ ✫
❝
✧ ✣
❀
t ✢ ✬ ✣ ✤ ✥
✬ ✧ ✩ ✣ t ✢
❝
✥ ✣ ★ t
✾
✥ ✰ ✰ ✥ ✬ t ✩ t ✦ ✱ ✢
❝
✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✫ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✪ ✥ t ✢ ✬ t ✰ ✩ ✫
✣ ✤ ✥
✾
t ★ ✧ t ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✫ ✦
✾
✥ ✰ ✫
❝
✧ ✣
❀
✮ ✧ ✣ ✤ ✬ ✧ ✩ ✣ t ✢
❝
✥
✼
❚ ✤ ✥
✾
t ★ ✧ t ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✫ ✦ t
❝ ❝
✥ ✰ ✥ ★ t ✣ ✧ ✫ ✢ ✭
✾
✥ ✰ ✫
❝
✧ ✣
❀
✭ t ✢ ✬ ✬ ✧ ✩ ✣ t ✢
❝
✥ ✭
✮ ✧ ✣ ✤ ✣ ✧ ✪ ✥ ✤ t
✾
✥ ❏ ✥ ✥ ✢ ✯ ✰ ✫ ✣ ✣ ✥ ✬ ✧ ✢ ❍ ✧
✶ ✼ ❵ ✼ ❉
❨ ✲ t ✴ ✭ ✲ ❏ ✴
t ✢ ✬ ✲
❝
✴
✼
✲ t ✴
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✺ ✆
✝
✭ ✞ ✟
✭ ❝ ✟
❋ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✍ ▼ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✏ ✙ ✒ ✚ ✗ ✛ ✓ ✛ ✗ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✜ ✢
✣ ✔ ✤ ✥ ✔ ✛ ✑ ✔ ✏✑ ✎ ✒ ✎✓ ✔ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✗✛ ✔ ✏✑ ✎✒ ❛ ✑ ✏✦ ✏✑ ✧ ✗✢
✣ ✕ ✤ ✥ ✔ ✛ ✑ ✔ ✏✑ ✎ ✒ ✎✓ ★ ✗✜ ✎✘ ✑ ✏ ✩ ❛ ✑ ✏✦ ✏✑ ✧ ✗✢
✣ ✘ ✤ ✥ ✔ ✛ ✑ ✔ ✏✑ ✎✒ ✎ ✓ ✚ ✑
✪
✏ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✗ ❛ ✑ ✏✦ ✏✑ ✧✗
✫
❊ ✬ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✶ ✷ ✸ ✹ ✸ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✸ ✷ ✿ ✼ ❀ ✼ ❁ ❁
♥ ❂ ❃ ❄ ✻ ❅ ✾ ❆ ➇ ❇ ❈ ❉ ● ❍ ■ ❏ ❑ ▲ ◆ ❉ ■ ❏ ❖ ❑ ◗ ❉ ❖ ■ ❉ ● ❘ ● ❙ ❖ ❍▲ ❚
❉ ❡ ❙ ❑ ❯ ❍▲ ❏ ❉ ❖ ◗ ❑ ❯ ■ ❱ ❲ ❏ ❍❳ ❉ ❘ ❨ ❩ ❑ ❨ ❱ ● ❩ ❲ ❑ ❯❯ ❍▲ ❚
❲ ❖ ❱ ❳ ❖ ❉ ■ ❏ ❘ ■ ❏ ❑ ▲ ● ❏ ❱ ❱ ▲ ❉ ❑ ▲ ❱ ❏ ❈ ❉ ❖ ❍▲ ❏ ❈ ❉ ■ ❑ ❳ ❉
❖ ❑ ❏ ❍ ❱ ❑ ■ ❏ ❈ ❉ ❱ ● ● ▲ ❙ ❳ ❨ ❉ ❖ ■ ❨ ❉ ❚ ❍▲ ▲ ❍▲ ❚ r ❍❏ ❈
❙ ▲ ❍ ❏ ❩
❬
▲ ❑ ❳ ❉ ❯❩ ❘
❭
❆
❪
❆
❫
❆
❴ ❵ ❜ ❜ ❜ ❞ ❜ ❢ ❣ ❤ ✐ ❥ ❦ ❧ ♠ ❜
♦ ♣ q s
✲
t ✉ ❦ ♠ ✈ ✇ ① ❧ ❥ ❧ ① ❦ ♠ ② ❦ ♠ ❧ ③ ❦ ❧ ④ ♠ ❦ ❤ ❥ ⑤ ⑥ ✐ ⑦
③ ✐ ♠ ❧ ✐ ④ ✐ ⑦ ⑤ ④ ✐ ✞ ⑧ ❦ ❝ ♠ ✈ ④ ① ❦ ❤ ⑦ ❤ ❦ ❦ ⑦ ⑤ ⑥ ⑥ ❧ ④ ♠ ✐ ③ ⑤ ④ ⑨
❦ ⑩ ✈ ⑤ ⑥ ❧ ④ ♠ ❦ ❤ ❥ ⑤ ⑥ ✇
❶
⑤ ④ ① ⑦ ❧ ④ ① ✐ ✈ ♠ ♠ ② ❦ ① ❧ ✇ ♠ ⑤ ④ ❝ ❦ ✇
♠ ❤ ⑤ ❥ ❦ ❤ ✇ ❦ ① ① ✈ ❤ ❧ ④ ❷ ✇ ✈ ❝ ❝ ❦ ✇ ✇ ❧ ❥ ❦ ❧ ④ ♠ ❦ ❤ ❥ ⑤ ⑥ ✇ ✐ ⑦
♠ ❧ ③ ❦ ❜ ❸ ❧ ④ ❝ ❦ ❧ ④ ❧ ♠ ❧ ⑤ ⑥ ❥ ❦ ⑥ ✐ ❝ ❧ ♠ ⑨ ❧ ✇ ❹ ❦ ❤ ✐ ❺ ❻ ❦ ② ⑤ ❥ ❦
❼ ✇ ❧ ④ ❷ ♠ ② ❧ ✇ ❦ ⑩ ✈ ⑤ ♠ ❧ ✐ ④ ❺ ❻ ❦ ❝ ⑤ ④ ❝ ⑤ ⑥ ❝ ✈ ⑥ ⑤ ♠ ❦ ♠ ② ❦
❽ ✐ ✇ ❧ ♠ ❧ ✐ ④ ✐ ⑦ ♠ ② ❦ ✐ ✞ ⑧ ❦ ❝ ♠ ⑤ ⑦ ♠ ❦ ❤ ① ❧ ⑦ ⑦ ❦ ❤ ❦ ④ ♠ ♠ ❧ ③ ❦
❧ ④ ♠ ❦ ❤ ❥ ⑤ ⑥ ✇ ❺
❾
❺
❶
❺
❿
❶
❺ ❪
❶
❵ ❻ ② ❧ ❝ ② ⑤ ❤ ❦ ❷ ❧ ❥ ❦ ④ ❧ ④
✇ ❦ ❝ ✐ ④ ① ❝ ✐ ⑥ ✈ ③ ④ ✐ ⑦
➀
⑤ ✞ ⑥ ❦ ❪ ❜
❿
❜
➁
⑦ ❻ ❦ ♠ ⑤
➂
❦
✭ ➃ ❭ ➄
❿
✟
❚
❶
➅
⑤ ✇
❩
➆
➋ ♠ ② ❦ ❽ ✐ ✇ ❧ ♠ ❧ ✐ ④ ❝ ✐ ✐ ❤ ① ❧ ④ ⑤ ♠ ❦ ⑤ ⑦ ♠ ❦ ❤
⑦ ❧ ❤ ✇ ♠ ♠ ❧ ③ ❦ ❧ ④ ♠ ❦ ❤ ❥ ⑤ ⑥
❶
❺ ♠ ② ❦ ④ ♠ ② ❧ ❤ ① ❝ ✐ ⑥ ✈ ③ ④ ❷ ❧ ❥ ❦ ✇
♠ ② ❦ ❽ ✐ ✇ ❧ ♠ ❧ ✐ ④ ✇ ❧ ④ ♠ ② ❦ ✈ ④ ❧ ♠ ✐ ⑦
❩
➈
❜
➀
② ❦ ⑦ ✐ ✈ ❤ ♠ ②
❝ ✐ ⑥ ✈ ③ ④ ❷ ❧ ❥ ❦ ✇ ♠ ② ❦ ① ❧ ✇ ♠ ⑤ ④ ❝ ❦ ✇ ♠ ❤ ⑤ ❥ ❦ ❤ ✇ ❦ ① ❧ ④
✇ ✈ ❝ ❝ ❦ ✇ ✇ ❧ ❥ ❦
❶
✇ ❜
➉
❦ ⑦ ❧ ④ ① ♠ ② ⑤ ♠ ♠ ② ❦ ① ❧ ✇ ♠ ⑤ ④ ❝ ❦ ✇ ⑤ ❤ ❦
❧ ④ ♠ ② ❦ ✇ ❧ ③ ❽ ⑥ ❦ ❤ ⑤ ♠ ❧ ✐ ❭
❆
❪
❆
❫
❆
❴
❆
➊
❆
❭ ❭ ❵ ⑤ ✇ ✇ ② ✐ ❻ ④
❧ ④ ♠ ② ❦ ⑥ ⑤ ✇ ♠ ❝ ✐ ⑥ ✈ ③ ④ ❜
➀
② ❧ ✇ ⑥ ⑤ ❻ ❻ ⑤ ✇ ❦ ✇ ♠ ⑤ ✞ ⑥ ❧ ✇ ② ❦ ①
✞ ⑨ ➌ ⑤ ⑥ ❧ ⑥ ❦ ✐ ➌ ⑤ ⑥ ❧ ⑥ ❦ ❧ ✭ ❭ ❫ ➍ ➎ ➏ ❭ ➍ ➎
❿
✟ ❻ ② ✐ ❻ ⑤ ✇ ♠ ② ❦ ⑦ ❧ ❤ ✇ ♠
♠ ✐ ③ ⑤
➂
❦ ⑩ ✈ ⑤ ④ ♠ ❧ ♠ ⑤ ♠ ❧ ❥ ❦ ✇ ♠ ✈ ① ❧ ❦ ✇ ✐ ⑦ ⑦ ❤ ❦ ❦ ⑦ ⑤ ⑥ ⑥ ❜ ✫
❊ ✬ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴
➐ ➑ ➒
✼
➓ ➓
✹ ♥
➔
❁ ✹ ✾
➒
✷ ♥
→
✻ ✼ ❀
➣
✻
↔
✹
→
✸ ✻ ✾
↕
➉
② ❦ ④ ✞ ❤ ⑤
➂
❦ ✇ ⑤ ❤ ❦ ⑤ ❽ ❽ ⑥ ❧ ❦ ① ♠ ✐ ⑤
③ ✐ ❥ ❧ ④ ❷ ❥ ❦ ② ❧ ❝ ⑥ ❦ ❺ ♠ ② ❦ ① ❧ ✇ ♠ ⑤ ④ ❝ ❦ ❧ ♠ ♠ ❤ ⑤ ❥ ❦ ⑥ ✇ ✞ ❦ ⑦ ✐ ❤ ❦
✇ ♠ ✐ ❽ ❽ ❧ ④ ❷ ❧ ✇ ❝ ⑤ ⑥ ⑥ ❦ ① ✇ ♠ ✐ ❽ ❽ ❧ ④ ❷ ① ❧ ✇ ♠ ⑤ ④ ❝ ❦ ❜
➁
♠ ❧ ✇
⑤ ④ ❧ ③ ❽ ✐ ❤ ♠ ⑤ ④ ♠ ⑦ ⑤ ❝ ♠ ✐ ❤ ⑦ ✐ ❤ ❤ ✐ ⑤ ① ✇ ⑤ ⑦ ❦ ♠ ⑨ ⑤ ④ ①
① ❦ ❽ ❦ ④ ① ✇ ✐ ④ ♠ ② ❦ ❧ ④ ❧ ♠ ❧ ⑤ ⑥ ❥ ❦ ⑥ ✐ ❝ ❧ ♠ ⑨ ✭
◗
➙
✟ ⑤ ④ ① ♠ ② ❦
✞ ❤ ⑤
➂
❧ ④ ❷ ❝ ⑤ ❽ ⑤ ❝ ❧ ♠ ⑨ ❺ ✐ ❤ ① ❦ ❝ ❦ ⑥ ❦ ❤ ⑤ ♠ ❧ ✐ ④ ❺ ➃
❑
♠ ② ⑤ ♠
❧ ✇ ❝ ⑤ ✈ ✇ ❦ ① ✞ ⑨ ♠ ② ❦ ✞ ❤ ⑤
➂
❧ ④ ❷ ❜
➛
❦ ❤ ❧ ❥ ❦ ⑤ ④
❦
➜
❽ ❤ ❦ ✇ ✇ ❧ ✐ ④ ⑦ ✐ ❤ ✇ ♠ ✐ ❽ ❽ ❧ ④ ❷ ① ❧ ✇ ♠ ⑤ ④ ❝ ❦ ✐ ⑦ ⑤ ❥ ❦ ② ❧ ❝ ⑥ ❦
❧ ④ ♠ ❦ ❤ ③ ✇ ✐ ⑦
◗
➝
⑤ ④ ①
❑
❜
♦ ♣ q s
✲
t ✉ ❦ ♠ ♠ ② ❦ ① ❧ ✇ ♠ ⑤ ④ ❝ ❦ ♠ ❤ ⑤ ❥ ❦ ⑥ ⑥ ❦ ① ✞ ⑨ ♠ ② ❦ ❥ ❦ ② ❧ ❝ ⑥ ❦
✞ ❦ ⑦ ✐ ❤ ❦ ❧ ♠ ✇ ♠ ✐ ❽ ✇ ✞ ❦
●
➞
❜
➀
② ❦ ④ ❺ ✈ ✇ ❧ ④ ❷ ❦ ⑩ ✈ ⑤ ♠ ❧ ✐ ④ ✐ ⑦
③ ✐ ♠ ❧ ✐ ④
◗
➅
➟ ◗
➝
➅
➠ ❿ ❑ ➡
❺ ⑤ ④ ① ④ ✐ ♠ ❧ ④ ❷ ♠ ② ⑤ ♠
◗ ➢ ❾
❺ ❻ ❦
② ⑤ ❥ ❦ ♠ ② ❦ ✇ ♠ ✐ ❽ ❽ ❧ ④ ❷ ① ❧ ✇ ♠ ⑤ ④ ❝ ❦
➀
② ✈ ✇ ❺ ♠ ② ❦ ✇ ♠ ✐ ❽ ❽ ❧ ④ ❷ ① ❧ ✇ ♠ ⑤ ④ ❝ ❦ ❧ ✇ ❽ ❤ ✐ ❽ ✐ ❤ ♠ ❧ ✐ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ♠ ✐
♠ ② ❦ ✇ ⑩ ✈ ⑤ ❤ ❦ ✐ ⑦ ♠ ② ❦ ❧ ④ ❧ ♠ ❧ ⑤ ⑥ ❥ ❦ ⑥ ✐ ❝ ❧ ♠ ⑨ ❜
➛
✐ ✈ ✞ ⑥ ❧ ④ ❷ ♠ ② ❦
✝
➤ ➥ ➦ ➧➨ ➩ ➫➭
➯
➲
➳
➵ ➸ ➺➻ ➼
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✝ ☎ ✂ ✞ ✟ ✁ ✠ ✂ ✄ ✡ ✺ ☛
☞
✐ ✌ ✐ ✍ ✐ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✍ ✕ ✐ ✌ ✔ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✛ ✐ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✒
❜ ✕ ✎ ✜ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✜ ✓ ✖ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✤ ✒ ✛ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✥ ✦
❋ ✓ ✖ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✓ ✜ ✎ ✙ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✐ ✔ ✧ ✏ ✎ ✖ ✤ ✎ ★ ✒ ✩ ✍ ✘ ✒ ❜ ✖ ✎ ★ ✐ ✌ ✚
✛ ✐ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✒ ❞ ✎ ✗ ✜ ✓ ✧ ✌ ✛ ✍ ✓ ❜ ✒ ✪ ✫ ✤ ✩ ✬ ✫ ✤ ✩ ✭ ✢ ✤ ✎ ✌ ✛
✮ ✫ ✤ ✔ ✓ ✖ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✙ ✓ ✌ ✛ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✍ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✍ ✐ ✒ ✗ ✓ ✜ ✪ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✮ ✩ ✬ ✫
✎ ✌ ✛ ✬ ✮ ✤ ❛ ✗ ❞ ✘ ✐ ✔ ✘ ✎ ✖ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✌ ✗ ✐ ✗ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✍ ❞ ✐ ✍ ✘
✍ ✘ ✒ ✎ ❜ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✓ ✖ ✤ ✧ ✏ ✎ ✦
❙
✍ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✛ ✐ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✒ ✐ ✗ ✎ ✌ ✐ ✤ ✙ ✓ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✜ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✖
✔ ✓ ✌ ✗ ✐ ✛ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✛ ✐ ✌ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✍ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✛ ✏ ✐ ✤ ✐ ✍ ✗ ✩ ✜ ✓ ✖ ✒
❝
✎ ✤ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✩
✐ ✌ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✓ ✓ ✏
✯
✓ ✌ ✒ ✗ ✦
✰
❊ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✶ ✷ ✸ ✹ ❘ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ✾ ✿ ❂ ✻ ❃ ❲
✘ ✒ ✌ ✎
✗ ✐ ✍ ✧ ✎ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✛ ✒ ✤ ✎ ✌ ✛ ✗ ✓ ✧ ✖ ✐ ✤ ✤ ✒ ✛ ✐ ✎ ✍ ✒
✎ ✔ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✩ ✐ ✍ ✍ ✎ ★ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✓ ✤ ✒ ✍ ✐ ✤ ✒ ❜ ✒ ✜ ✓ ✖ ✒ ❞ ✒
✖ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✙ ✓ ✌ ✛ ✦ r ✒ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✐ ✤ ✒ ✐ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✒
✍ ✐ ✤ ✒ ✎ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✎ ★ ✒ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✓ ❜ ✗ ✒ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✩ ✍ ✘ ✐ ✌ ★
✎ ✌ ✛ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✦ ❋ ✓ ✖ ✒
❝
✎ ✤ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✩ ✐ ✜ ✎ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✌ ✐ ✗
✛ ✖ ✐ ✑ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✎ ✌ ✛ ✗ ✧ ✛ ✛ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✕ ✎ ❜ ✓ ✕ ✎ ✙ ✙ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✌
✍ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✎ ✛ ✩ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✍ ✐ ✤ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✙ ✗ ✒ ✛ ❜ ✒ ✜ ✓ ✖ ✒
✘ ✒ ✗ ✏ ✎ ✤ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✒ ❜ ✖ ✎ ★ ✒ ✗ ✓ ✜ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✐ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✒
✖ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✐ ✤ ✒ ✦ r ✒ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✐ ✤ ✒ ✛ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✌ ✛ ✗
✓ ✌ ✔ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✏ ✒
❝
✐ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✜ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✗ ✐ ✍ ✧ ✎ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✛ ✓ ✌
✎ ✌ ✐ ✌ ✛ ✐ ✑ ✐ ✛ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✦
❨ ✓ ✧ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✤ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✧ ✖ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✧ ✖ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✐ ✤ ✒
❜ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✐ ✤ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✒
❝
✙ ✒ ✖ ✐ ✤ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✦ ❄ ✎ ★ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✧ ✏ ✒ ✖
✎ ✌ ✛ ✎ ✗ ★ ✕ ✓ ✧ ✖ ✜ ✖ ✐ ✒ ✌ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✛ ✖ ✓ ✙ ✐ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✍ ✐ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✕
✍ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✧ ✚ ✘ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✎ ✙ ❜ ✒ ✍ ❞ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✓ ✧ ✖ ✍ ✘ ✧ ✤ ❜
✎ ✌ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✜ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✣ ❋ ✐ ✚ ✦ ✭ ✦ ✪ ✮ ✥ ✦ ❅ ✜ ✍ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✓ ✧
✔ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✘ ✐ ✍ ✩ ✜ ✐ ✌ ✛ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✛ ✐ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✒ ❆ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✛
❜ ✕ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✧ ✏ ✒ ✖ ✦ ❇ ✌ ✎ ✙ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✐ ✔ ✧ ✏ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✩ ❆ ❞ ✎ ✗
✜ ✓ ✧ ✌ ✛ ✍ ✓ ❜ ✒ ✬ ✪ ✦ ✫ ✔ ✤ ✦
❢
✗ ✍ ✐ ✤ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌
✍ ✐ ✤ ✒ ✦
❈
❉
●
❍ ■ t
❏
❑ ▲
❖
✖ ✩
◆
s
P
◗
❚
❣
❯
❱ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✌ ❆ ❳ ✬ ✪ ✦ ✫ ✔ ✤ ✎ ✌ ✛ ❩ ❳ ❬ ✦ ❭ ✤ ✗
➊ ❪
✍ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌
✍ ✐ ✤ ✒ ✐ ✗
❫ ❴ ❵ ❡ ❫ ❤
❥
❵ ❡ ❫
❥
❡
❦
❡
❧
❉
t ❑ ♠
✰
♥ ♦ ♣ ❘ q ✉ ✈ ✇ ① ② q ② q ✉ ③ ④ ① ✇ ⑤
❨ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✧ ✗ ✍ ❜ ✒ ✜ ✎ ✤ ✐ ✏ ✐ ✎ ✖ ❞ ✐ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✒
❝
✙ ✒ ✖ ✐ ✒ ✌ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✜
✍ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✏ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✐ ✌ ✎ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✐ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✛ ❜ ✒ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✍ ✎ ★ ✒ ✌ ❜ ✕
✎ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✐ ✌ ✤ ✓ ✑ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✐ ✌ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✤ ✒ ✛ ✐ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✗
✕ ✓ ✧ ✎ ✖ ✒ ✦
❲
✘ ✐ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✐ ✌ ✤ ✧ ✗ ✍ ❜ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✏ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✜ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✒ ✖
✍ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✕ ✓ ✧ ✍ ✓ ❜ ✒ ✎ ❜ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✓ ✧ ✩ ✐ ✍ ✛ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✒ ✤
✗ ✏ ✓ ❞ ✒ ✖ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✓ ✧ ✍ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✐ ✍ ❞ ✓ ✧ ✏ ✛ ❜ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✤ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✒
✗ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✛ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✓ ✧ ✌ ✛ ✎ ✌ ✛ ❞ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✘ ✐ ✌ ✚ ❜ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✘ ✒
✍ ✖ ✎ ✐ ✌ ✗ ✦ ❇ ✌ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✒ ❜ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✐ ✌ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✤ ✒
✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✍ ✕ ❞ ✐ ✍ ✘ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✓ ✧ ✌ ✛ ✩ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✓ ✧
✍ ✘ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✐ ✌ ❞ ✓ ✧ ✏ ✛ ✗ ✒ ✒ ✤ ✍ ✓ ❜ ✒ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✤ ✓ ✑ ✐ ✌ ✚ ✎ ✍
✎ ✏ ✏ ✦ ❄ ✓ ✧ ✌ ✛ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✛ ✗ ✧ ✔ ✘ ✓ ❜ ✗ ✒ ✖ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✗ ✩ ❞ ✒ ✌ ✓ ❞
✐ ✌ ✍ ✖ ✓ ✛ ✧ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✔ ✓ ✌ ✔ ✒ ✙ ✍ ✓ ✜ ✖ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✍ ✕ ✦
⑥
✓ ✌ ✗ ✐ ✛ ✒ ✖ ✍ ❞ ✓ ✓ ❜
⑦
✒ ✔ ✍ ✗
⑧
✎ ✌ ✛
⑨
✤ ✓ ✑ ✐ ✌ ✚
✧ ✌ ✐ ✜ ✓ ✖ ✤ ✏ ✕ ❞ ✐ ✍ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✎ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✍ ✐ ✒ ✗
⑩
❶
✎ ✌ ✛
⑩
❷
✐ ✌
✓ ✌ ✒ ✛ ✐ ✤ ✒ ✌ ✗ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✩ ✗ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✚
❸ ❹
✎
❝
✐ ✗ ✦ ✣
❺
✌ ✏ ✒ ✗ ✗
✓ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✖ ❞ ✐ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✔ ✐ ✜ ✐ ✒ ✛ ✩ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✍ ✐ ✒ ✗ ✤ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✛ ✐ ✌
✍ ✘ ✐ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✎ ✙ ✍ ✒ ✖ ✎ ✖ ✒ ✤ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✧ ✖ ✒ ✛ ❞ ✐ ✍ ✘ ✖ ✒ ✜ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✌ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✒
✚ ✖ ✓ ✧ ✌ ✛ ✥ ✦ ❇ ✜
❸
❶
✣ ✫ ✥ ✎ ✌ ✛
❸
❷
✣ ✫ ✥ ✎ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✓ ✗ ✐ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✗ ✓ ✜ ✓ ❜
⑦
✒ ✔ ✍ ✗
⑧
✎ ✌ ✛
⑨
✩ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✐ ✤ ✒
❻
❳ ✫ ✩ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✐ ✖ ✙ ✓ ✗ ✐ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✗
❸
❶
✣
❻
✥ ✎ ✌ ✛
❸
❷
✣
❻
✥ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✐ ✤ ✒
❻
✎ ✖ ✒ ✚ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✌ ❜ ✕
❼
❸
❶
✣
❻
✥ ❳
❸
❶
✣ ✫ ✥ ❽
⑩
❶
❻
✣ ✭ ✦ ✪ ✬ ✎ ✥
❸
❷
✣
❻
✥ ❳
❸
❷
✣ ✫ ✥ ❽
⑩
❷
❻
✣ ✭ ✦ ✪ ✬ ❜ ✥
❄ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✩ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✛ ✐ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✒ ✤ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✓ ❜
⑦
✒ ✔ ✍
⑧
✍ ✓ ✓ ❜
⑦
✒ ✔ ✍
⑨
✐ ✗ ✚ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✌ ❜ ✕
❸
❷ ❶
✣
❻
✥ ❳
❸
❷
✣
❻
✥
❾ ❸
❶
✣
❻
✥
❳
❿ ❸
❷
✣ ✫ ✥
❾ ❸
❶
✣ ✫ ✥
➀
❽ ✣
⑩
❷
❾ ⑩
❶
✥
❻
✦ ✣ ✭ ✦ ✪ ✭ ✥
❢
➁ ✧ ✎ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✣ ✭ ✦ ✪ ✭ ✥ ✐ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✐ ✏ ✕ ✐ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✒ ✍ ✒ ✛ ✦ ❇ ✍ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✏ ✗ ✧ ✗
✍ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✓ ❜
⑦
✒ ✔ ✍
⑧
✩ ✓ ❜
⑦
✒ ✔ ✍
⑨
✘ ✎ ✗ ✎
✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✍ ✕
⑩
❷
➂
⑩
❶
❜ ✒ ✔ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✛ ✐ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✒ ✤ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✤
⑧
✍ ✓
⑨
✔ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✚ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✛ ✐ ✏ ✕ ❜ ✕ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✎ ✤ ✓ ✧ ✌ ✍
⑩
❷
➂
⑩
❶
✐ ✌
✒ ✎ ✔ ✘ ✧ ✌ ✐ ✍ ✓ ✜ ✍ ✐ ✤ ✒ ✦
❲
✒ ✗ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✜
✓ ❜
⑦
✒ ✔ ✍
⑨
➃ ➄ ➅➆
❻
➇
⑩
➄
❻
➈ ➈ ➉ ➋ ➄ ➌
❻ ⑧
✐ ✗
⑩
❷
➂
⑩
❶
❼
⑩
❷ ❶
➍
⑩
❷
➂
⑩
❶
✣ ✭ ✦ ✪ ✢ ✎ ✥
❙
✐ ✤ ✐ ✏ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✕ ✩ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✜ ✓ ❜
⑦
✒ ✔ ✍
⑧
➃ ➄ ➅➆
❻
➇
⑩
➄
❻
➈ ➈ ➉ ➋ ➄ ➌
❻ ⑨
✐ ✗
❼
⑩
❶ ❷
➍
⑩
❶
➂
⑩
❷
✣ ✭ ✦ ✪ ✢ ❜ ✥
➎ ➏ ➐ ➑ ➒➑➓➔ → ➣ ↔ ↕➙ ➛ ➜ ➝ ➞ ➟➠ ➣ ➛ ➣ ↔ ➡ ➟ ➜ ➢ ➝ ➟ ➜ ➤➣ ➥
➦ ➧ ➨ ➩ ✶ ➫
❄ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✧ ✏ ✒ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✌ ✛ ✒ ✖ ✜ ✖ ✒ ✒ ✜ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✦
❄ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✜ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✩
⑩
➭
❳ ✫ ✩ ✎ ✌ ✛ ❩ ❳
❾
❬ ✦ ❭ ✤ ✗
➊ ❪
✦ ❄ ✘ ✒
✛ ✐ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✛ ❆ ✎ ✌ ✛ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✐ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✐ ✤ ✒
❻
➯
✎ ✖ ✒
✖ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✛ ❜ ✕
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✺ ✆
❚ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✟ ✝ ✠ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✈
❇ ☞
❂ ✌ ✈
☞ ❇
✭ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓
◆
✠ ✡ ✡
✔
✒ ✠
✕
✟ ✞
✖ ✔ ✗
✟ ✠
✘ ✔
✟
✙ ✔
✒ ✞
✚ ✛
✒
✚
✟
✔
✟ ☛
✭
✚
✓ ✜ ✢ ✈
❇
❂ ✈
☞
✱ ✈
❇
✌ ✈
☞
✥ ✣ ✎ ❚ ✝
✔ ✕
✱ ✢
✗
✠
✘
✤ ✦ ✎ ✭ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✱ ①
❇
✭
t
✓
✮
①
☞
✭
t
✓ ✥ ①
❇
✭ ✣ ✓
✮
①
☞
✭ ✣ ✓ ✎ ❚ ✝
✔ ✗ ✔
✢ ✠
✗ ✔
✱
✧
✝
✔ ✧
✡ ✠
✠
♦ ★ ✔
✒
✧
✟ ✟
✧ ✚ ✩ ✚ ✧ ✚
✒ ✠
✕
✟
✧ ✚ ✕ ✧ ✖
✞ ✟
✧ ✚ ✕
✒
✔
✭ ①
❇
✭ ✣ ✓
✮
①
☞
✭ ✣ ✓ ✓
✚ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✧
✱
✚ ✕ ✖ ✧
✝
✔
✞
✗ ✙
✠ ✟ ✞
✧
✞ ✠
✕ ✮ ✧
✞
✘ ✔
✪
✗ ✚ ✙
✝ ✟
✚ ✗ ✔
✟
✧ ✗ ✚
✞ ✪ ✝
✧ ✛
✞
✕ ✔
✟
✙ ✚ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✧
✠
✔ ✚
✒ ✝ ✠
✧
✝
✔ ✗ ✚
✟ ✟ ✝ ✠ ✡
✕
✞
✕ ✐
✞ ✪ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏
✫
✎ ❚ ✝
✔ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✚ ✧
✞
✬ ✔ ✬ ✔ ✛
✠ ✒ ✞
✧ ✩
✈
☞ ❇
✠
✗
✈
❇ ☞
✞ ✟
③
✔ ✗
✠ ✞
✕ ✧
✝ ✞ ✟ ✒
✚
✟
✔
✎
✭
♦
✓ ✜ ✢ ✈
☞
✯ ✈
❇
✰ ✈
❇
✌ ✈
☞
✞ ✟
✕ ✔
✪
✚ ✧
✞
✬ ✔
✎ ✲
✕ ✔
✪
✗ ✚ ✙
✝ ✞ ✟
✟
✧ ✔ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✗ ✧
✝
✚ ✕ ✧
✝
✔
✠
✧
✝
✔ ✗ ✚ ✕ ✖ ✧
✝
✔ ✩ ✘ ✔ ✔ ✧ ✚ ✧ ✚
✒ ✠
✘ ✘
✠
✕ ✙
✠ ✞
✕ ✧
✎
✐
✠
✗ ✔ ❝ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✔
✱ ✟
✳ ✙ ✙
✠ ✟
✔
✈
❆
✥
✴
✣
✘
✟
✵ ✶
✚ ✕ ✖
①
☞
✭ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✏ ✣
✘
✷
✚ ✕ ✖
✈
❇
✥ ✏ ✣
✘
✟
✵ ✶
✱ ①
❇
✭ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✑ ✣
✘
✷
✧
✝
✔ ✕ ✧
✝
✔ ✧
✞
✘ ✔ ✚ ✧
✡ ✝ ✞ ✒ ✝
✧
✝
✔ ✩ ✘ ✔ ✔ ✧
✞ ✟
t
✥ ✍ ✟
✭
✐
✞ ✪ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏
✸
✓ ✎
✹ ✧ ✧
✝ ✞ ✟ ✞
✕
✟
✧ ✚ ✕ ✧ ✧
✝
✔ ✩ ✚ ✗ ✔ ♦
✠
✧
✝
✚ ✧ ✚
✙
✠ ✟ ✞
✧
✞ ✠
✕
①
☞
✭
t
✓ ✥ ①
❇
✭
t
✓ ✥
✸
✣
✘
✎ ❚ ✝
✳
✟ ✱ ✠
♦ ★ ✔
✒
✧
✻
✠
✬ ✔ ✗ ✧ ✚ ✼ ✔
✟ ✠
♦ ★ ✔
✒
✧ ✽ ✚ ✧ ✧
✝ ✞ ✟
✧
✞
✘ ✔
✎ ✜
✕ ✧
✝ ✞ ✟ ✒
✚
✟
✔
✱ ✈
❇ ☞
✥ ✏ ✣
✘
✟
➊ ✶
✮ ✴
✣
✘
✟
➊ ✶
✥
✮
✏ ✣
✘
✟
➊ ✶
✥
✮
✈
☞ ❇
✎
✭ ✒ ✓ ✾
✳ ✙ ✙
✠ ✟
✔
✈
❆
✚ ✕ ✖
✈
✿
✚ ✗ ✔
✠ ✢ ✠
✙ ✙
✠ ✟ ✞
✧ ✔
✟ ✞ ✪
✕
✟ ✎
✐
✠
✗
✔ ❝ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✔
✱ ✞ ✢ ✞
✕ ✧
✝
✔ ✚ ♦
✠
✬ ✔ ✔ ❝ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✔
✠
♦ ★ ✔
✒
✧
✻ ✞ ✟
✘
✠
✬
✞
✕
✪ ✡ ✞
✧
✝
✴
✣
✘
✟
➊ ✶
✟
✧ ✚ ✗ ✧
✞
✕
✪
✚ ✧
①
❆
✭ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✏ ✣
✘
✚ ✕ ✖
✠
♦ ★ ✔
✒
✧ ✽
✞ ✟
✘
✠
✬
✞
✕
✪ ✡ ✞
✧
✝
✮
✏ ✣
✘
✟
➊ ✶
✟
✧ ✚ ✗ ✧
✞
✕
✪
✚ ✧
①
✿
✭ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✑ ✣
✘
✱
✧
✝
✔ ✧
✡ ✠ ✠
♦ ★ ✔
✒
✧
✟
✘ ✔ ✔ ✧ ✚ ✧ t
✥ ✏ ✟
✭
✐
✞ ✪ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ❀ ✓ ✎ ❚ ✝
✔ ✬ ✔ ✛
✠ ✒ ✞
✧ ✩
✠ ✢
✽ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✚ ✧
✞
✬ ✔ ✧
✠ ✻ ✱
✈
✿ ❆
✥ ❁
✮
✏ ✣
✮
✭
✴
✣ ✓ ❃
✘
✟
➊ ✶
✥
✮
✍ ✣
✘
✟
➊ ✶
✥
✮
✈
❆ ✿
✎ ✜
✕ ✧
✝ ✞ ✟
✒
✚
✟
✔
✱
✧
✝
✔ ✘ ✚
✪
✕
✞
✧ ✳ ✖ ✔
✠ ✢ ✈
✿ ❆
✠
✗
✈
❆ ✿
✭ ✥ ✍ ✣
✘
✟
➊ ✶
✓ ✞ ✟
✪
✗ ✔ ✚ ✧ ✔ ✗ ✧
✝
✚ ✕ ✧
✝
✔ ✘ ✚
✪
✕
✞
✧ ✳ ✖ ✔
✠ ✢
✬ ✔ ✛
✠ ✒ ✞
✧ ✩
✠ ✢ ✻ ✠
✗
✧
✝
✚ ✧
✠ ✢
✽
✎ ✜ ✢
✧
✝
✔
✠
♦ ★ ✔
✒
✧
✟
✳ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✗
✒ ✠
✕
✟ ✞
✖ ✔ ✗ ✚ ✧
✞ ✠
✕ ✚ ✗ ✔
✧
✡ ✠
✧ ✗ ✚
✞
✕
✟ ✱
✧
✝
✔ ✕
✢ ✠
✗ ✚ ✙ ✔ ✗
✟ ✠
✕
✟ ✞
✧ ✧
✞
✕
✪ ✠
✕ ✔
✞
✧
✝
✔ ✗
✠ ✢
✧
✝
✔ ✧
✡ ✠ ✱
✧
✝
✔
✠
✧
✝
✔ ✗ ✧ ✗ ✚
✞
✕
✟
✔ ✔ ✘
✟
✧
✠ ✪ ✠
✬ ✔ ✗ ✩
✢
✚
✟
✧
✎
◆
✠
✧ ✔ ✧
✝
✚ ✧
✤ ✦ ✎ ✭ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✓
✚ ✗ ✔ ✬ ✚ ✛
✞
✖ ✔ ✬ ✔ ✕
✞ ✢ ✈
❆
✚ ✕ ✖
✈
✿
✗ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✔
✟
✔ ✕ ✧
✞
✕
✟
✧ ✚ ✕ ✧ ✚ ✕ ✔
✠
✳
✟
✬ ✔ ✛
✠ ✒ ✞
✧
✞
✔
✟ ✎
❊ ❄ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❋ ● ❍ ■ ❏ ❑
✡ ✠
✙ ✚ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✗ ✚
✞
✛ ✧ ✗ ✚
✒
✼
✟
✗ ✳ ✕
✕
✠
✗ ✧
✝
♥
✟ ✠
✳ ✧
✝ ✎ ❚
✗ ✚
✞
✕ ✹ ✘
✠
✬ ✔
✟
✕
✠
✗ ✧
✝ ✡ ✞
✧
✝
✚
✟
✙ ✔ ✔ ✖
✠ ✢
s
✑
✼ ✘
✝
➊ ✶
✱
✚ ✕ ✖ ✧ ✗ ✚
✞
✕ ▲ ✘
✠
✬ ✔
✟ ✟ ✠
✳ ✧
✝
✡ ✞
✧
✝
✚
✟
✙ ✔ ✔ ✖
✠ ✢
✇
✣
✼ ✘
✝
➊ ✶
✎
▼
✝
✚ ✧
✞ ✟
✧
✝
✔
✭
✚
✓
✬ ✔ ✛
✠ ✒ ✞
✧ ✩
✠ ✢
▲
✡ ✞
✧
✝
✗ ✔
✟
✙ ✔
✒
✧ ✧
✠
✹ ❖
✱
✭
♦
✓
✬ ✔ ✛
✠ ✒ ✞
✧ ✩
✠ ✢ ✪
✗
✠
✳ ✕ ✖
✡ ✞
✧
✝
✗ ✔
✟
✙ ✔
✒
✧ ✧
✠
▲ ❖
✱
✚ ✕ ✖
✭ ✒ ✓
✬ ✔ ✛
✠ ✒ ✞
✧ ✩
✠ ✢
✚ ✘
✠
✕ ✼ ✔ ✩ ✗ ✳ ✕ ✕
✞
✕
✪ ✠
✕ ✧
✝
✔
✗
✠ ✠ ✢ ✠ ✢
✧
✝
✔ ✧ ✗ ✚
✞
✕ ✹ ✚
✪
✚
✞
✕
✟
✧
✞
✧
✟
✘
✠
✧
✞ ✠
✕
✭ ✡ ✞
✧
✝
✚ ✬ ✔ ✛
✠ ✒ ✞
✧ ✩
✠ ✢ ✏ ❀
✼ ✘
✝
➊ ✶
✡ ✞
✧
✝
✗ ✔
✟
✙ ✔
✒
✧ ✧
✠
✧
✝
✔ ✧ ✗ ✚
✞
✕ ✹
✓
✚
✟ ✠
♦
✟
✔ ✗ ✬ ✔ ✖ ♦ ✩
✚ ✘ ✚ ✕
✟
✧ ✚ ✕ ✖
✞
✕
✪ ✠
✕ ✧
✝
✔
✪
✗
✠
✳ ✕ ✖ ❖
◗ ❘ ❙ ❯ ● ❱ ❲
✝ ✠ ✠ ✟
✔ ✧
✝
✔ ✙
✠ ✟ ✞
✧
✞
✬ ✔ ✖
✞
✗ ✔
✒
✧
✞ ✠
✕
✠ ✢ ①
♥ ✚ ❝
✞ ✟
✧
✠
♦ ✔
✢
✗
✠
✘
✟ ✠
✳ ✧
✝
✧
✠
✕
✠
✗ ✧
✝ ✎ ❚ ✝
✔ ✕
✱
❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❬ ❪❫ ❴ ❵❛❜ ❞❜ ❵❡ ❢ ❞❜ ❣❤ ❥ ❦ ❧ ♠ ♣ ❛ ❵q ❞ r❵ ❵✉ ② ❤④ ❞ ❛ r❜ ❞ ♣
❤ ⑤ ⑥ ❧ ⑦ ⑧ ❤ ⑦ ❵④ ❜ ❞❜ ❤❛ ⑨
❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❬❪ ⑩ ❴ ❵❛ ❜ ❞❜ ❵ ❡ ❢ ❞❜ ❣ ❤ ❥ ❦ ❧ ♠ ♣ ❛ ❵q ❞ r❵ ❵ ✉ ② ❤④ ❞ ❛ r ❜ ❞ ♣
⑥ ❡ ❤⑤ ⑥ ❧ ⑦ ⑧ ❤ ⑦ ❵④ ❜ ❞❜ ❤ ❛
❶
❛ ♣ ❵r❜ ❡ ❥ ❞ ♣ ❤ ❞❜ ❣ ❤ ❵ q
❣❤ ❤ ❞❜ ❡ ❥ ⑨
❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❬ ❪
❷
❴ ❵❛ ❜ ❞❜ ❵ ❡ ❢ ❞❜ ❣ ❤ ❥ ❦ ❧ ♠ ♣ ❛ ❵q ❞ r ❵ ❵ ✉ ② ❤④ ❞ ❛ r ❜ ❞ ♣
⑧ ❤ ⑦ ❵④ ❜ ❞❜ ❤❛ ❜ ❡ ❵ ♠ ♠ ❵❛ ❜ ❞ ❤ ❸ ❜ ❦ ❤④ ❞❜ ❵ ❡ ❛
❶
❛♣ ❵r ❜ ❡ ❥
❞ ♣ ❤ ❞❜ ❣❤ ❵ q ❣ ❤❤ ❞ ❜ ❡ ❥ ⑨
❹ ❺ ❻ ❼
❽
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✝ ☎ ✂ ✞ ✟ ✁ ✠ ✂ ✄ ✡ ✺ ☛
✈
❆
✥ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑
➊ ✒
✥ ✓ ✌ ✏ ✔
➊ ✒
✈
❇
✥ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✑
➊ ✒
✥ ✕ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✔
➊ ✒
❘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✜ ✧ ✤ ★ ✩ ✪ ✢ ✜
✑
✫ ✙
✔
✬ ✙ ✦ ✜ ✜ ✤ ✭
✥ ✈
❇
✕ ✈
❆
✥
✕ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✔
➊ ✒
✮ ✢ ✯ ✙ ✯ ✜
✑
✙ ✜ ✫ ✛ ✢ ✰ ✩ ✛ ✬ ✬ ✙ ✛ ✫
✔
✜ ✤ ✭ ✜ ✤
✏
✤ ✣ ✙
✪ ✢ ✜
✑
✛
✔
✬ ✙ ✙ ✇ ✤ ★
✍ ✗ ✏ ✔
➊ ✒
★ ✫ ✤
✏
✰ ✤ ✫ ✜
✑
✜ ✤
✔
✤ ✱ ✜
✑
✯
❘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✜ ✧ ✤ ★
✲
✫ ✤ ✱ ✰ ✇ ✪ ✢ ✜
✑
✫ ✙
✔
✬ ✙ ✦ ✜ ✜ ✤
✩
✥ ✗ ✕ ✈
❇
✥ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✔
➊ ✒
✯
■
✰
✳
✦
✴
✮ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✜
✑
✙ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✜ ✧ ✤ ★ ✜
✑
✙
✏
✤ ✰
✎
✙ ✧ ✪ ✢ ✜
✑
✫ ✙
✔
✬ ✙ ✦ ✜
✜ ✤
✲
✫ ✤ ✱ ✰ ✇
t
✙
✈
✵
✯ ❘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✜ ✧ ✤ ★ ✜
✑
✙
✏
✤ ✰
✎
✙ ✧
✪ ✢ ✜
✑
✫ ✙
✔
✬ ✙ ✦ ✜ ✜ ✤ ✭
✶
✈
✵ ❆
✥ ✈
✵
✕ ✈
❆
✥ ✕ ✓
❂
✎ ✏ ✑
➊ ✒
✥ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✔
➊ ✒
✯ ✷
✑
✙ ✫ ✙ ★ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✮
✈
✵
✥ ✳ ✓ ✌ ✕ ✌ ✴ ✏ ✔
➊ ✒
✥ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✔
➊ ✒
✯
✸
❙ ✹ ✻ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✾
✿ ❀ ❁ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❊ ❋ ● ❍ ❍ ❏ ● ❑ ❋ ❄ ❅ ❉ ● ❃ ♠▲ ◆❖ ▲ P ● ◗ ● ❋ ❍ ❚ ❄ ❍ ● ❋ ● ❄ ❃ ❊ ❯ ❏ ❃ ❱ ❉ ❍ ❲ ● ❋ ❯ ❋ ● ❳ ❉ ❀ ❨ ❯ ❉ ❚ ❄ ❍ ● ❋ ● ❄ ❃ ❄ ◗ ❋ ❯ ❉
❄ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❊ ❋ ❊ ❏ ❃ ❅ ❉ ❍ ❚ ❉ ❊ ● ◗ ● ❉ ❑ ❲ ● ❋ ❯
♦
❉ ◗ ❉
♦
❉ ❃ ❊ ❉ ❋ ❄ ❏ ❊ ❄ ❃
❩
❉ ❃ ● ❉ ❃ ❋
❬ ❭
❊ ❯ ❄ ❍ ❉ ❃ ❄
♦
● ❱● ❃ ❀
❪
❄
♦
❳ ❄ ❋ ● ❄ ❃ ● ❃
❏ ❍ ❋
♦
❏ ● ❱ ❯ ❋
❬
● ❃ ❉
❛
❚ ❄ ❍ ● ❋ ● ❄ ❃ ❋ ❄ ❋ ❯ ❉
♦
● ❱❯ ❋ ❄ ◗ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❄
♦
● ❱● ❃ ● ❍ ❋ ❏
❫
❉ ❃ ❏ ❍ ❚ ❄ ❍ ● ❋ ●
❩
❉ ❏ ❃ ❑ ❋ ❄ ❋ ❯ ❉
❬
❉ ◗ ❋ ❏ ❍
❃ ❉ ❱ ❏ ❋ ●
❩
❉ ❀
❴
❀
❵ ❜
◆
❝ ❞ ❡
P
❢
◆
❝
● ❍ ❑ ❉ ◗ ● ❃ ❉ ❑ ❏ ❍ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❋ ❄ ❋ ❏
❬ ❬
❉ ❃ ❱ ❋ ❯ ❄ ◗ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❚ ❏ ❋ ❯ ❋
♦
❏
❩
❉
♦
❍ ❉ ❑ ❅
❭
❏ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❊ ❋ ❀
❣
❀
❤
❖
✐❥ ❞ ❜ ❦ ❡
♠
❡
P ◆ ● ❍ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❊ ❯ ❏ ❃ ❱ ❉ ● ❃ ❚ ❄ ❍ ● ❋ ● ❄ ❃
❧ ♥ ① ♣ ①
q
r ①
s
❀
✉
❏ ❋ ❯
❬
❉ ❃ ❱ ❋ ❯ ● ❍ ❱
♦
❉ ❏ ❋ ❉
♦
❄
♦
❉
② ③
❏
❬
❋ ❄
❋ ❯ ❉ ❳ ❏ ❱ ❃ ● ❋
③
❑ ❉ ❄ ◗ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❑ ● ❍ ❚
❬
❏ ❊ ❉ ❳ ❉ ❃ ❋ ❅ ❉ ❋ ❲ ❉ ❉ ❃ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❍ ❏ ❳ ❉ ❚ ❄ ● ❃ ❋ ❍ ❀
④
❀ ❁ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❊ ❋ ● ❍ ❍ ❏ ● ❑ ❋ ❄ ❅ ❉ ● ❃
⑤
P ❖
⑥
▲
⑦
♠ ♠▲ ◆❖ ▲P ● ❃ ❏ ❍ ❋
♦
❏ ● ❱❯ ❋
❬
● ❃ ❉ ● ◗ ● ❋ ❍ ❑ ● ❍ ❚
❬
❏ ❊ ❉ ❳ ❉ ❃ ❋ ● ❍ ❉
② ③
❏
❬
● ❃ ❉
② ③
❏
❬
● ❃ ❋ ❉
♦ ❩
❏
❬
❍ ❄ ◗ ❋ ● ❳ ❉ ❀
⑧
❋ ❯ ❉
♦
❲ ● ❍ ❉
❛
❋ ❯ ❉ ❳ ❄ ❋ ● ❄ ❃ ● ❍ ❍ ❏ ● ❑ ❋ ❄ ❅ ❉ P ▲P
⑨ ⑤
P ❖
⑥
▲
⑦
♠
⑩
❶ ❀ ❷ ❸
❡ ⑦ ❜ ❢ ❡
❸
❡ ❞
▲
❦
❖ ◆❹ ● ❍ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❑ ● ❍ ❚
❬
❏ ❊ ❉ ❳ ❉ ❃ ❋ ❑ ●
❩
● ❑ ❉ ❑ ❅
❭
❋ ❯ ❉ ❋ ● ❳ ❉ ● ❃ ❋ ❉
♦ ❩
❏
❬
● ❃ ❲ ❯ ● ❊ ❯ ❋ ❯ ❉
❑ ● ❍ ❚
❬
❏ ❊ ❉ ❳ ❉ ❃ ❋ ❄ ❊ ❊
③♦
❍
❧
❸
①
◆
❺
♥
♥
⑧
❃ ❏ ❃
① ⑨
◆ ❱
♦
❏ ❚ ❯
❛
❋ ❯ ❉ ❏
❩
❉
♦
❏ ❱ ❉
❩
❉
❬
❄ ❊ ● ❋
❭
❄
❩
❉
♦
❏ ❋ ● ❳ ❉ ● ❃ ❋ ❉
♦ ❩
❏
❬
● ❍ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❍
❬
❄ ❚ ❉ ❄ ◗ ❋ ❯ ❉
❬
● ❃ ❉
❊ ❄ ❃ ❃ ❉ ❊ ❋ ● ❃ ❱ ❋ ❯ ❉ ● ❃ ● ❋ ● ❏
❬
❏ ❃ ❑ ◗ ● ❃ ❏
❬
❚ ❄ ❍ ● ❋ ● ❄ ❃ ❍ ❊ ❄
♦ ♦
❉ ❍ ❚ ❄ ❃ ❑ ● ❃ ❱ ❋ ❄ ❋ ❯ ❏ ❋ ● ❃ ❋ ❉
♦ ❩
❏
❬
❀
❻ ❀ ❷ ❸
❡⑦ ❜ ❢ ❡
❼
❥ ❡ ❡
❽ ● ❍ ❋ ❯ ❉
♦
❏ ❋ ● ❄ ❄ ◗ ❋ ❄ ❋ ❏
❬
❚ ❏ ❋ ❯
❬
❉ ❃ ❱ ❋ ❯ ❋
♦
❏
❩
❉
♦
❍ ❉ ❑ ❏ ❃ ❑ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❊ ❄
♦ ♦
❉ ❍ ❚ ❄ ❃ ❑ ● ❃ ❱ ❋ ● ❳ ❉
● ❃ ❋ ❉
♦ ❩
❏
❬
❀
❨ ❯ ❉ ❏
❩
❉
♦
❏ ❱ ❉ ❍ ❚ ❉ ❉ ❑ ❄ ◗ ❏ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❊ ❋ ● ❍ ❱
♦
❉ ❏ ❋ ❉
♦
❄
♦
❉
② ③
❏
❬
❋ ❄ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❳ ❏ ❱ ❃ ● ❋
③
❑ ❉ ❄ ◗ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❏
❩
❉
♦
❏ ❱ ❉
❩
❉
❬
❄ ❊ ● ❋
❭
❄
❩
❉
♦
❏ ❱ ●
❩
❉ ❃ ❋ ● ❳ ❉ ● ❃ ❋ ❉
♦ ❩
❏
❬
❀
❾ ❀ ❿ P
✐
◆
❜
P ◆
❜
P
❡
▲
⑤ ✐
❸
❡ ❞
▲
❦
❖ ◆ ❹ ❄
♦
❍ ● ❳ ❚
❬ ❭ ❩
❉
❬
❄ ❊ ● ❋
❭
● ❍ ❑ ❉ ◗ ● ❃ ❉ ❑ ❏ ❍ ❋ ❯ ❉
❬
● ❳ ● ❋ ❄ ◗ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❏
❩
❉
♦
❏ ❱ ❉
❩
❉
❬
❄ ❊ ● ❋
❭
❏ ❍
❋ ❯ ❉ ❋ ● ❳ ❉ ● ❃ ❋ ❉
♦ ❩
❏
❬ ♥
◆ ❅ ❉ ❊ ❄ ❳ ❉ ❍ ● ❃ ◗ ● ❃ ● ❋ ❉ ❍ ● ❳ ❏
❬ ❬ ❭
❍ ❳ ❏
❬ ❬ ❧
➀
➀
➁ ➂ ➁ ➂
➃ ➃
➄ ➅➆➇ ➄ ➅➆➇
➈ ➈
➉ ➋ ➉ ➋
➌
➍ ➍ ➍
➌
❨ ❯ ❉
❩
❉
❬
❄ ❊ ● ❋
❭
❏ ❋ ❏ ❚ ❏
♦
❋ ● ❊
③❬
❏
♦
● ❃ ❍ ❋ ❏ ❃ ❋ ● ❍ ❉
② ③
❏
❬
❋ ❄ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❍
❬
❄ ❚ ❉ ❄ ◗ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❋ ❏ ❃ ❱ ❉ ❃ ❋ ❑
♦
❏ ❲ ❃ ❄ ❃
❚ ❄ ❍ ● ❋ ● ❄ ❃ ➎ ❋ ● ❳ ❉ ❱
♦
❏ ❚ ❯ ❏ ❋ ❋ ❯ ❏ ❋ ● ❃ ❍ ❋ ❏ ❃ ❋ ❀
➏ ❀ ❷ ❸
❡⑦ ❜ ❢ ❡ ❜ ❦ ❦ ❡ ❞ ❡ ⑦ ❜
◆ ❖ ▲P ● ❍ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❊ ❯ ❏ ❃ ❱ ❉ ● ❃
❩
❉
❬
❄ ❊ ● ❋
❭
❑ ●
❩
● ❑ ❉ ❑ ❅
❭
❋ ❯ ❉ ❋ ● ❳ ❉ ● ❃ ❋ ❉
♦ ❩
❏
❬
❑
③♦
● ❃ ❱ ❲ ❯ ● ❊ ❯
❋ ❯ ❉ ❊ ❯ ❏ ❃ ❱ ❉ ❄ ❊ ❊
③♦
❍
❧
➄
➐
➈
➌
➍
➌
➑
❀ ❿ P
✐
◆
❜
P ◆
❜
P
❡
▲
⑤ ✐ ❜ ❦ ❦ ❡ ❞ ❡ ⑦ ❜
◆❖ ▲P ● ❍ ❑ ❉ ◗ ● ❃ ❉ ❑ ❏ ❍ ❋ ❯ ❉
❬
● ❳ ● ❋ ❄ ◗ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❏
❩
❉
♦
❏ ❱ ❉ ❏ ❊ ❊ ❉
❬
❉
♦
❏ ❋ ● ❄ ❃ ❏ ❍ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❋ ● ❳ ❉
● ❃ ❋ ❉
♦ ❩
❏
❬ ♥
◆ ❱ ❄ ❉ ❍ ❋ ❄
➒
❉
♦
❄
❧
➀
➀
➁ ➂ ➁ ➂
➄ ➄
➐
➅➆ ➇
➐
➅➆➇
➈ ➈
➉ ➋ ➉ ➋
➌
➍ ➍ ➍
➌
❨ ❯ ❉ ❏ ❊ ❊ ❉
❬
❉
♦
❏ ❋ ● ❄ ❃ ❄ ◗ ❏ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❊ ❋ ❏ ❋ ❏ ❚ ❏
♦
❋ ● ❊
③❬
❏
♦
❋ ● ❳ ❉ ● ❍ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❍
❬
❄ ❚ ❉ ❄ ◗ ❋ ❯ ❉
❩
❉
❬
❄ ❊ ● ❋
❭
➎ ❋ ● ❳ ❉
❱
♦
❏ ❚ ❯ ❏ ❋ ❋ ❯ ❏ ❋ ● ❃ ❍ ❋ ❏ ❃ ❋ ❄ ◗ ❋ ● ❳ ❉ ❀
❪
❄
♦ ③
❃ ● ◗ ❄
♦
❳ ❳ ❄ ❋ ● ❄ ❃
❛
❏ ❊ ❊ ❉
❬
❉
♦
❏ ❋ ● ❄ ❃ ● ❍
➒
❉
♦
❄ ❏ ❃ ❑ ❋ ❯ ❉
①⑨
◆
❱
♦
❏ ❚ ❯ ● ❍ ❏ ❍ ❋
♦
❏ ● ❱❯ ❋
❬
● ❃ ❉ ● ❃ ❊
❬
● ❃ ❉ ❑ ❋ ❄ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❋ ● ❳ ❉ ❏
➓
● ❍ ❏ ❃ ❑ ❋ ❯ ❉ ❸
⑨
◆ ❱
♦
❏ ❚ ❯ ● ❍ ❏ ❍ ❋
♦
❏ ● ❱ ❯ ❋
❬
● ❃ ❉
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✺ ✆
♣ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✝ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✒ ☛ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✔ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✕ ✓ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✞ ✍ ✝ ✗ ✗ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✝ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✘ ①✙ ✚ ❣✞ ✝ ♣ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✝ ♣ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✛ ☛ ✟ ✝
✔ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✠
✈
✙ ✚ ❣✞ ✝ ♣ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✝ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✝ ✌ ❣ ☞ ✡ ✟ ✌ ✓ ✠ ✌ ✓ ✗ ✟ ✌ ✓ ✠
✥
✡ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✝ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑
✶ ✵
✑
❚
☞ ✠ ✝ ✞ ✠ ✝ ✕✓
✥
✠ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✠
✜
✠ ✟ ☛ ✗ ✌ ✡
✢✣
✡ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✗ ✕ ✞
✜
✠ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✔ ✠ ✠ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✚
✤
✝ ✓
✥
✚
✷
✌ ✏ ✠
✦
✕ ✝ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✠
✥
✌ ✏ ♣ ✟ ✝ ✗ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✓ ✡
☛ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✠ ☛ ✛
♦
✠ ✗ ✡
✥
✕ ✞ ✌ ✓ ❣ ✡ ☞ ✝ ✡ ✌ ✓ ✡ ✠ ✞
✜
✝ ✟ ☛ ✖ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✑
✶ ✶
✑ ✒ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✛
♦
✠ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✓ ✕✓ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✞ ✍ ✟
✢
✝ ✗ ✗ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✝ ✡ ✠
✥
✞ ✠ ✗ ✡ ✌ ✟ ✌ ✓ ✠ ✝ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✘ ✡ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✌
✜
✠
✦
✕✝ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✏ ✘
✥
✌ ✏ ♣ ✟ ✝ ✗ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✓ ✡
①✘ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✝
✱
✠ ✓ ✚✘ ✌ ✓ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✝ ✟
✜
✠ ✟ ☛ ✗ ✌ ✡
✢ ✈
✧
✘ ✖ ✌ ✓ ✝ ✟
✜
✠ ✟ ☛ ✗ ✌ ✡
✢ ✈
✝ ✓
✥
✝ ✗ ✗ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✝ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✓
❛
✝ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✠ ✟ ✝ ✡ ✠
✥
✛
✢
✝ ✏ ✠ ✡
☛ ✖ ✏ ✌ ✍ ♣ ✟ ✠ ✠
✦
✕✝ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✏ ✗ ✝ ✟ ✟ ✠
✥
❦ ★ ✩ ✪✫
❛
✚ ★ ✬ ✪ ✭ ✮
❛
✚ ★ ✯✩ ✰ ✯ ✲ ✫✯ ✚★ ✯✩ ✳
✈
✴
✈
✸
✹
❛
✚
✻ ✼ t
✽
✾
✿ t
❀
❁
❂ ❃
❄ ❄ ❅ ❆ ❇
❈
❉
❈
❊ ❋
✌ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✠ ♣ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☛ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✠ ☛ ✛
♦
✠ ✗ ✡ ✝ ✡ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✚ ●
✵
✌ ✏
✵
✑ ❍✖ ✡ ☞ ✠ ♣ ✝ ✞ ✡ ✌ ✗ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✡ ✝ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✡ ① ✴ ①
✸
■ ① ✌ ✓ ✝ ✛ ☛
✜
✠
✠
✦
✕✝ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✞ ✠ ♣ ✟ ✝ ✗ ✠
✥
✛
✢ ❡
①
❏
①
✸
❑
✑
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✝ ☎ ✂ ✞ ✟ ✁ ✠ ✂ ✄ ✡ ✺ ✺
P ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✍ ☛ P ☛ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✒
✶ ✳ ❚ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✚✗ ✓ ✗ ✛ ✖ ✜ ✔ ✛ ✢ ✔ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✖ ✙ ✦ ✤ ✧ ✔ ★ ✗ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✩ ✔ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✩ ✦ ✕ ✦ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✪ ✢ ✫ ✪ ✙ ✚✔ ✙ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✘ ✫ ✙ ✦ ✗ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✢ ✖ ✬ ✔
✖ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✬ ✖ ✚✙ ✪ ✗ ❛ ✣ ✔ ✦ ✭ ✣ ✪ ✢ ✕ ✘ ✖ ★ ✔ ✬ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✳ ❚ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✢ ✕ ✘ ✖ ★ ✔ ✬ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✣ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✣ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✘ ✥ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✙ ✣ ✕ ✦ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✮
✗ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✚✗ ✓
t
✖ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✖ ✬ ✔ ✪ ✬ ✕ ✘ ✪ ✔ ✢
✯
✣ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✣ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✖ ★ ✗ ❛ ✖ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✳
✰
✙ ✦ ✙ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✬ ✔ ✙ ✢ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✫
✗ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✩ ✦ ✱ ❛ ✖ ✙ ✗ ✪ ✗ ✪ ✔ ✢ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✔ ✱ ❛✖ ✘ ✦ ✙ ✘ ✥ ✪ ✭ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✤ ✧ ✔ ★ ✗ ✣ ✦ ✔ ✢ ✙ ✦ ✗ ★ ✓ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✪ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✔ ★ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✣ ❛ ✛ ✪ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✔
★ ✦ ❛ ✛ ✢ ✔ ✦ ✭ ✬ ✦ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✳
✰
✙ ✖ ✘ ✘ ✦ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✛ ★ ✖ ✢ ✔ ✢ ✫ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✪ ✢ ✚✛ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✬ ✖ ✚✙ ✪ ✗ ❛ ✣ ✔ ✦ ✭
✣ ✪ ✢ ✕ ✘ ✖ ★ ✔ ✬ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✳
✷ ✳
✰
✙ ✜ ✪ ✔ ✩ ✦ ✭ ✕ ✦ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✶ ✖ ✤ ✦ ✜ ✔ ✫ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✜ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✚✔ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✣ ✦ ✭ ✖ ✙ ✦ ✤ ✧ ✔ ★ ✗ ✪ ✢ ✚ ✛ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✙ ✦ ✛ ✔ ✱ ❛✖ ✘ ✗ ✦ ✗ ✓ ✔
✬ ✖ ✚✙ ✪ ✗ ❛ ✣ ✔ ✦ ✭ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✜ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✘ ✦ ★ ✪ ✗ ✥ ✦ ✜ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✚ ✪ ✜ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✪ ✬ ✔ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✖ ✘ ✳ ❚ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✩ ✦ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✔ ✱ ❛ ✖ ✘ ✦ ✙ ✘ ✥ ✪ ✭
✗ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✪ ✢ ✔ ✱ ❛ ✖ ✘ ✗ ✦ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✬ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✪ ✗ ❛ ✣ ✔ ✦ ✭ ✣ ✪ ✢ ✕ ✘ ✖ ★ ✔ ✬ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✳
✸ ✳ ❚ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✛ ✪ ✚ ✪ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✦ ✢ ✪ ✗ ✪ ✜ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✔ ★ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✦ ✭ ✖ ✙ ✖ ❡ ✪ ✢ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✖ ✬ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✦ ✭ ★ ✓ ✦ ✪ ★ ✔ ✳ ✲ ✦ ❛ ✢ ✓ ✦ ❛ ✘ ✣ ✭ ✪ ✛ ✢ ✗
✢ ✕ ✔ ★ ✪ ✭ ✥ ✗ ✓ ✪ ✢ ★ ✓ ✦ ✪ ★ ✔ ✤ ✔ ✭ ✦ ✛ ✔ ✥ ✦ ❛ ✖ ✢ ✢ ✪ ✚✙ ✢ ✪ ✚✙ ✢ ✗ ✦ ✱ ❛ ✖ ✙ ✗ ✪ ✗ ✪ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✪ s ✔ ✣ ✪ ✢ ✕ ✘ ✖ ★ ✔ ✬ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✫ ✜ ✔ ✘ ✦ ★ ✪ ✗ ✥
✖ ✙ ✣ ✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✳
✹
✳
✰
✭ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✗ ✪ ★ ✘ ✔ ✪ ✢ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✙ ✚ ❛✕ ✫ ✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✪ ✢ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✔ ★ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✦ ✭ ✜ ✔ ✘ ✦ ★ ✪ ✗ ✥ ✮ ✪ ✭ ✪ ✗ ✢ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✢
✣ ✔ ★ ✛ ✔ ✖ ✢ ✪ ✙ ✚ ✫ ✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✪ ✢ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✔ ★ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✦ ✕ ✕ ✦ ✢ ✪ ✗ ✔ ✗ ✦ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✦ ✭ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✘ ✦ ★ ✪ ✗ ✥ ✳ ❚ ✓ ✪ ✢
✢ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✬ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✪ ✢ ✪ ✙ ✣ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✣ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✦ ✭ ✗ ✓ ✔ ★ ✓ ✦ ✪ ★ ✔ ✦ ✭ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✛ ✪ ✚ ✪ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✖ ❡ ✪ ✢ ✳
✴
✳ ❚ ✓ ✔ ✢ ✪ ✚ ✙ ✦ ✭ ✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✣ ✦ ✔ ✢ ✙ ✦ ✗ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✘ ❛ ✢ ✩ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✗ ✪ ★ ✘ ✔
✵
✢ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✢ ✪ ✙ ★ ✛ ✔ ✖ ✢ ✪ ✙ ✚ ✦ ✛
✣ ✔ ★ ✛ ✔ ✖ ✢ ✪ ✙ ✚✳ ❚ ✓ ✔ ✢ ✪ ✚ ✙ ✦ ✭ ✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙
t
✖ ✢ ✬ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✙ ✕ ✦ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✸
✯
✣ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✣ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✔ ★ ✓ ✦ ✪ ★ ✔
✦ ✭ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✦ ✢ ✪ ✗ ✪ ✜ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✔ ★ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✦ ✭ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✖ ❡ ✪ ✢ ✳
♦
✦ ✛ ✔ ❡ ✖ ✬ ✕ ✘ ✔ ✫ ✪ ✭ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✛ ✗ ✪ ★ ✖ ✘ ✘ ✥ ❛✕ ✩ ✖ ✛ ✣ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✔ ★ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✪ ✢
★ ✓ ✦ ✢ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✦ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✦ ✢ ✪ ✗ ✪ ✜ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✔ ★ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✦ ✭ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✖ ❡ ✪ ✢ ✫ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✣ ❛ ✔ ✗ ✦ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✜ ✪ ✗ ✥ ✪ ✢
✙ ✔ ✚✖ ✗ ✪ ✜ ✔ ✳
✰
✭ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✗ ✪ ★ ✘ ✔ ✪ ✢ ✭ ✖ ✘ ✘ ✪ ✙ ✚ ❛ ✙ ✣ ✔ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✜ ✪ ✗ ✥ ✫ ✗ ✓ ✪ ✢ ✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✫ ✗ ✓ ✦ ❛ ✚ ✓ ✙ ✔ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✜ ✔ ✫
✛ ✔ ✢ ❛ ✘ ✗ ✢ ✪ ✙ ✪ ✙ ★ ✛ ✔ ✖ ✢ ✔ ✪ ✙ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✣ ✳
♦
✦ ✛ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✗ ✪ ★ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✛ ✦ ✩ ✙ ❛ ✕ ✩ ✖ ✛ ✣ ✫ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✢ ✖ ✬ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✚✖ ✗ ✪ ✜ ✔
✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙
t
✦ ✭ ✚✛ ✖ ✜ ✪ ✗ ✥
✯
✛ ✔ ✢ ❛ ✘ ✗ ✢ ✪ ✙ ✣ ✔ ★ ✛ ✔ ✖ ✢ ✔ ✪ ✙ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✣ ✳
✻ ✳ ❚ ✓ ✔ ✼ ✔ ✛ ✦ ✜ ✔ ✘ ✦ ★ ✪ ✗ ✥ ✦ ✭ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✗ ✪ ★ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✥ ✪ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✗ ✣ ✦ ✔ ✢ ✙ ✦ ✗ ✙ ✔ ★ ✔ ✢ ✢ ✖ ✛ ✪ ✘ ✥ ✪ ✬ ✕ ✘ ✥ ✼ ✔ ✛ ✦ ✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙
✖ ✗ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✗ ✳
✽
✕ ✖ ✛ ✗ ✪ ★ ✘ ✔ ✬ ✖ ✥ ✤ ✔ ✬ ✦ ✬ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✖ ✛ ✪ ✘ ✥ ✖ ✗ ✛ ✔ ✢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✣ ✥ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✜ ✔ ✙ ✦ ✙
✾
✼ ✔ ✛ ✦
✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✳
♦
✦ ✛ ✔ ❡ ✖ ✬ ✕ ✘ ✔ ✫ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✗ ✪ ★ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✛ ✦ ✩ ✙ ❛✕ ✓ ✖ ✢ ✼ ✔ ✛ ✦ ✜ ✔ ✘ ✦ ★ ✪ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✗ ✢ ❛ ✕ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✬ ✦ ✢ ✗
✕ ✦ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✤ ❛✗ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✗ ★ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✪ ✙ ❛✔ ✢ ✗ ✦ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✣ ❛✔ ✗ ✦
✚✛ ✖ ✜ ✪ ✗ ✥ ✳
✿
✳
✰
✙ ✗ ✓ ✔ s ✪ ✙ ✔ ✬ ✖ ✗ ✪ ★ ✔ ✱ ❛✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✭ ✬ ✦ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙
■ ❀
✱ ✳
t
✸ ✳ ✶ ✶
✯ ❁
✫ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✖ ✛ ✪ ✦ ❛✢ ✱ ❛ ✖ ✙ ✗ ✪ ✗ ✪ ✔ ✢ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✖ ✘ ✚ ✔ ✤ ✛ ✖ ✪ ★ ✫
✪ ✳ ✔ ✳ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✥ ✬ ✖ ✥ ✤ ✔ ✕ ✦ ✢ ✪ ✗ ✪ ✜ ✔ ✦ ✛ ✙ ✔ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✜ ✔ ✳ ❚ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✱ ❛✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✖ ✕ ✕ ✘ ✪ ★ ✖ ✤ ✘ ✔ ✪ ✙ ✖ ✘ ✘ ✢ ✪ ✗ ❛✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✢
t
✭ ✦ ✛ ✦ ✙ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✬ ✔ ✙ ✢ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✖ ✘ ✬ ✦ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✗ ✓ ★ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✗ ✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙
✯
✕ ✛ ✦ ✜ ✪ ✣ ✔ ✣ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✖ ✘ ❛✔ ✢ ✦ ✭ ✣ ✪ ✭ ✭ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✙ ✗
✱ ❛✖ ✙ ✗ ✪ ✗ ✪ ✔ ✢ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❛✤ ✢ ✗ ✪ ✗ ❛ ✗ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✱ ❛✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✩ ✪ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✛ ✦ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✢ ✪ ✚✙ ✢ ✳
❂ ✳ ❚ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✔ ✭ ✪ ✙ ✪ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✭ ✪ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✔ ✦ ❛✢ ✜ ✔ ✘ ✦ ★ ✪ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✙ ✣ ✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙
t ❀
✱ ✢ ✳
t
✸ ✳ ✸
✯
✖ ✙ ✣
t
✸ ✳
✴ ✯ ✯
✖ ✛ ✔
✔ ❡ ✖ ★ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✣ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✖ ✘ ✩ ✖ ✥✢ ★ ✦ ✛ ✛ ✔ ★ ✗ ✩ ✓ ✪ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✔ s ✪ ✙ ✔ ✬ ✖ ✗ ✪ ★ ✔ ✱ ❛✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✢
t ❀
✱ ✳
t
✸ ✳ ✶ ✶
✯ ✯
✖ ✛ ✔ ✗ ✛ ❛✔ ✦ ✙ ✘ ✥
✭ ✦ ✛ ✬ ✦ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✩ ✓ ✪ ★ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✬ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✪ ✗ ❛ ✣ ✔ ✖ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✔ ★ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✦ ✭ ✖ ★ ★ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✖ ✛ ✔ ★ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✗
✣ ❛ ✛ ✪ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✔ ★ ✦ ❛ ✛ ✢ ✔ ✦ ✭ ✬ ✦ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✳
✑
❊
✑ ✒
❃
☞ ✎ ✑ ✎
❄ ❅❆ ✰
✙ ✩ ✓ ✪ ★ ✓ ✦ ✭ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✭ ✦ ✘ ✘ ✦ ✩ ✪ ✙ ✚ ✔ ❡ ✖ ✬ ✕ ✘ ✔ ✢ ✦ ✭ ✬ ✦ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✫ ★ ✖ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✦ ✣ ✥ ✤ ✔ ★ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✣
✖ ✕ ✕ ✛ ✦ ❡ ✪ ✬ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✥ ✖ ✕ ✦ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✦ ✤ ✧ ✔ ★ ✗
❇
t
✖
✯
✖ ✛ ✖ ✪ ✘ ✩ ✖ ✥ ★ ✖ ✛ ✛ ✪ ✖ ✚ ✔ ✬ ✦ ✜ ✪ ✙ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✗ ✓ ✦ ❛ ✗ ✧ ✔ ✛ s ✢ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✩ ✔ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✩ ✦ ✢ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✳
t
✤
✯
✖ ✬ ✦ ✙ s ✔ ✥ ✢ ✪ ✗ ✗ ✪ ✙ ✚ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✦ ✕ ✦ ✭ ✖ ✬ ✖ ✙ ★ ✥ ★ ✘ ✪ ✙ ✚ ✢ ✬ ✦ ✦ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✥ ✦ ✙ ✖ ★ ✪ ✛ ★ ❛ ✘ ✖ ✛ ✗ ✛ ✖ ★ s ✳
t
★
✯
✖ ✢ ✕ ✪ ✙ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✚ ★ ✛ ✪ ★ s ✔ ✗ ✤ ✖ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✗ ❛ ✛ ✙ ✢ ✢ ✓ ✖ ✛ ✕ ✘ ✥ ✦ ✙ ✓ ✪ ✗ ✗ ✪ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✛ ✦ ❛ ✙ ✣ ✳
t
✣
✯
✖ ✗ ❛ ✬ ✤ ✘ ✪ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✖ s ✔ ✛ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✢ ✢ ✘ ✪ ✕ ✕ ✔ ✣ ✦ ✭ ✭ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✣ ✚✔ ✦ ✭ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✤ ✘ ✔ ✳
❄ ❅❈
❚ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✦ ✢ ✪ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✙
✾
✗ ✪ ✬ ✔
t ①❉ ❋✯
✚✛ ✖ ✕ ✓ ✢ ✭ ✦ ✛ ✗ ✩ ✦ ★ ✓ ✪ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✔ ✙
✽
✖ ✙ ✣
●
✛ ✔ ✗ ❛ ✛ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✚ ✭ ✛ ✦ ✬ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✪ ✛ ✢ ★ ✓ ✦ ✦ ✘
❖
✗ ✦ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✪ ✛ ✓ ✦ ✬ ✔ ✢
❍
✖ ✙ ✣ Q ✛ ✔ ✢ ✕ ✔ ★ ✗ ✪ ✜ ✔ ✘ ✥ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ✓ ✦ ✩ ✙ ✪ ✙
♦
✪ ✚✳ ✸ ✳ ✶
❏
✳
❑
✓ ✦ ✦ ✢ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✔ ★ ✦ ✛ ✛ ✔ ★ ✗
✔ ✙ ✗ ✛ ✪ ✔ ✢ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✛ ✖ ★ s ✔ ✗ ✢ ✤ ✔ ✘ ✦ ✩ ✮
t
✖
✯ t ✽▲ ● ✯
✘ ✪ ✜ ✔ ✢ ★ ✘ ✦ ✢ ✔ ✛ ✗ ✦ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✢ ★ ✓ ✦ ✦ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✙
t ● ▲ ✽ ✯
t
✤
✯ t ✽▲ ● ✯
✢ ✗ ✖ ✛ ✗ ✢ ✭ ✛ ✦ ✬ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✢ ★ ✓ ✦ ✦ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✛ ✘ ✪ ✔ ✛ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✙
t ● ▲ ✽✯
t
★
✯ t ✽▲ ● ✯
✩ ✖ ✘ s ✢ ✭ ✖ ✢ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✙
t ● ▲ ✽ ✯
t
✣
✯ ✽
✖ ✙ ✣
●
✛ ✔ ✖ ★ ✓ ✓ ✦ ✬ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✓ ✔
t
✢ ✖ ✬ ✔
▲
✣ ✪ ✭ ✭ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✙ ✗
✯
✗ ✪ ✬ ✔
t
✔
✯ t ✽▲ ● ✯
✦ ✜ ✔ ✛ ✗ ✖ s ✔ ✢
t ● ▲ ✽✯
✦ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✦ ✖ ✣
t
✦ ✙ ★ ✔
▲
✗ ✩ ✪ ★ ✔
✯
✳
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✺ ✆
✸ ✝✸ ❆ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✏ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✡ ✠ ✕ ✞ ✡ ✖ ✗ ☞ ✞ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✛ ✗ ✠ ✏
➊ ✜
✟ ☛ ✡
☞ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✘ s✏ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✚ ✢ ✙ ✌ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✎ ✘ ✣ ✑ ✤ ✓ ✛ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✞ ✡ ✥✕ ☞ ✌ ✡ ✥ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✎ ✘ ✣ ✑ ✢✙ ✌ ✟ ✛ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✙ ✠ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✚
✍ ✑ ✌ ✢✍ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✠ ✑
r
✥ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✢✌ ✟ ✞ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✤ ✛ ✗ ✠ ✏
➊ ✜
✓
✳
✏ ✟ ✟ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✢ ✘ ✌ ✡
r
✖ ✑ ☞ ✣ ✡ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✚
✙ ✖ ✟ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✑ ①✲ t s✍ ✡ ✙ ✏ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✠ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✓
✸ ✝ ✦ ❆ ✚ ✍ ✢ ☛ ✗ ✡ ✍ ✚ ✞ ✡ ✖ ✗ ✘ ☛ s ✘ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✍ ✍ ✟ ✞ ✖ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✗ ✑ ☞ ✛ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✙ ☞ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✚ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✧ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✙ ☞
r
✡ ✣ ✗ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✚ ✕
✎ ✟ ✖ ✖ ✟ ✞ ✑ ✚ ✡ s✡ ✘ ☛
r
✥ ✛ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✙ ☞ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✚ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✧ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✙ ☞
r
✡ ✣ ✗ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✚ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✚ ☞ ✟ ✟ ☛ ✓
❢
✡ ✣ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✙ ✘ ☞ ✜
✠ ✖ ✟ ☛ s ✡ ☛ ✚ ✍ ✑ ♠ ✢ ✘ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✜ ☞ ✓ ★ ✖ ✟ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✑ ①✲ t s ✍ ✡ ✙ ✏ ✟ ✎ ✏ ✘ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✩ ✑ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✠ ✘ ☛ ✑ s ✍ ✡ ✙ ✏ ✘ ✣ ✡ ✖ ✖ ✥
✡ ☛ ✚ ✟ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✞ ✘ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✟ ✞ ✖ ✟ ☛ s ✌ ✏ ✑ ✚ ✍ ✢☛ ✗ ✡ ✍ ✚ ✌ ✡ ✗ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✖ ✖ ✘ ☛ ✡ ✙ ✘ ✌ ✜ ✧ ✠ ✡ ✞ ✡ ✥ ✎ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✏ ✑
☞ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✓
✸ ✝
✪
❆
✫
✑ ✌ ✡ ✘ ✍ ✙ ✖ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✡
✬
✑ ✖ ✖ ✘ ☛ s ✡ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✔ ✗ ✠ ✏
➊ ✜
✑
✫
✑ ✣ ✌ ☞ ✘ ✌ ☞ ✙ ✍ ✟ ✚ ✢✣ ✌ ☞ ✟ ✎ ✣ ✟ ✠
r
✢ ☞ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛
✡ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✜ ✛ ✔ ✔ ✗ ✠ ✏
➊ ✜
✍ ✑ ✖ ✡ ✌ ✘
✬
✑ ✌ ✟ ✌ ✏ ✑
✫
✑ ✌ ✙ ✖ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✓ ✭ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑
✖ ✡ ✌ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✞ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✌ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✟
r
☞ ✑ ✍
✬
✑ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✑ s✍ ✟ ✢ ☛ ✚
❧
✸ ✝
✮
❆ ✣ ✡ ✍ ✠ ✟
✬
✘ ☛ s ✡ ✖ ✟ ☛ s ✡ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✘ s ✏ ✌ ✏ ✘ s✏ ✞ ✡ ✥ ✞ ✘ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✜ ✤
✯
✗ ✠ ✏
➊ ✜
✘ ☞
r
✍ ✟ ✢ s ✏ ✌ ✌ ✟ ✡
☞ ✌ ✟ ✙ ✞ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✘ ☛ ✡ ✚ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✣ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✤ ✔ ✔ ✠ ✓ ✭ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✚ ✡ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✡ ✍
✰
✡ ☞ ☞ ✢ ✠ ✑ ✚
✢ ☛ ✘ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✉ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✏ ✟ ✞ ✖ ✟ ☛ s ✚ ✟ ✑ ☞ ✘ ✌ ✌ ✡ ✗ ✑ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✙
❧
✸ ✝ ✱ ❚ ✞ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✘ ☛ ☞ ❆ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✴ ✟ ✎ ✖ ✑ ☛ s✌ ✏ ✵ ✔ ✔ ✠ ✑ ✡ ✣ ✏ ✡ ✍ ✑ ✠ ✟
✬
✘ ☛ s ✟ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✟ ✙ ✡ ✍ ✡ ✖ ✖ ✑ ✖ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✣ ✗ ☞ ✞ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✡
✢ ☛ ✘ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✚ ✟ ✎
✶
✤ ✗ ✠ ✏
➊ ✜
✘ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✠ ✑ ✚ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✕ ✞ ✘ ✌ ✏ ❆ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✴ ✓ ❚ ✏ ✑ ✚ ✍ ✘
✬
✑ ✍ ✟ ✎
✴ ✚ ✑ ✣ ✘ ✚ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✟
✬
✑ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✗ ✑ ❆ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✡ ✣ ✣ ✑ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✑ ☞
r
✥ ✜ ✠ ☞
✷ ✹
✓
✻
✎ ✡ ✎ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✛ ✔ ☞ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✑ s✢✡ ✍ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✴
✫
✢☞ ✌
r
✍ ✢☞ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✙ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✚ ✍ ✘
✬
✑ ✍ ✟ ✎ ❆ ✕ ✞ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✍ ✘ s ✘ ☛ ✡ ✖ ✚ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✣ ✑
r
✑ ✌ ✞ ✑ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✠
❧
✸ ✝
✼ ❖
☛ ✡ ✌ ✞ ✟ ✲ ✖ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✚ ✕ ✣ ✡ ✍ ❆ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✡
✬
✑ ✖ ✖ ✘ ☛ s ✞ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✧
✯
✗ ✠ ✏
➊ ✜
✓ ❚ ✞ ✟ ✣ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✴ ✡ ☛ ✚
✳
✡ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✣ ✏ ✣ ✡ ✍ ❆ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✙ ✙ ✟ ☞ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✚ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ☞ ✞ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✛ ✵ ✗ ✠ ✏
➊ ✜
✑ ✡ ✣ ✏ ✓ ❆✌ ✡
✣ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✘ ☛ ✘ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✕ ✞ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✚ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✣ ✑ ❆✴ ✘ ☞ ✑ ♠ ✢✡ ✖ ✌ ✟ ❆
✳
✕
r
✟ ✌ ✏
r
✑ ✘ ☛ s ✜ ✗ ✠ ✕ ✴ ✚ ✑ ✣ ✘ ✚ ✑ ☞
✌ ✟ ✟
✬
✑ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✗ ✑ ❆
r
✑ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✑
✳
✚ ✟ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✭ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✘ ☛ ✘ ✠ ✢ ✠ ✡ ✣ ✣ ✑ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✣ ✡ ✍ ✴ ✘ ☞ ✍ ✑ ♠ ✢ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✚ ✌ ✟
✡
✬
✟ ✘ ✚ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✣ ✣ ✘ ✚ ✑ ☛ ✌
❧
✸ ✝ ✽ ❚ ✞ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✞ ☛ ☞ ❆ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✴ ✡ ✍ ✑ ✣ ✟ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✑ ✚
r
✥ ✡ ✍ ✑ s✢ ✖ ✡ ✍
r
✢☞ ☞ ✑ ✍
✬
✘ ✣ ✑ ✞ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✡
r
✢☞ ✖ ✑ ✡
✬
✘ ☛ s ✘ ☛
✑ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✚ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✑
✬
✑ ✍ ✥ ✾ ✠ ✘ ☛ ✢✌ ✑ ☞ ✓ ❆ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✣ ✥ ✣ ✖ ✘ ☛ s ✞ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✠ ✏
➊ ✜
✘ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✑
✚ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ❆ ✌ ✟ ✴ ☛ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✣ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✡
r
✢☞ s✟ ✑ ☞ ✙ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✘ ✠ ✑
✬
✑ ✍ ✥ ✜
❞
✠ ✘ ☛ ✘ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✚ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✎
✏ ✘ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✑
✬
✑ ✍ ✥
✯
✠ ✘ ☛ ✘ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✙ ✙ ✟ ☞ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✚ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✭ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✘ ✟ ✚ ✾ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑
r
✢☞ ☞ ✑ ✍
✬
✘ ✣ ✑ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✞ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✚
✰
✡ ☞ ☞ ✢ ✠ ✑ ✚ ✣ ✟ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✉ ✚ ✟ ✌ ✏ ✑
r
✢☞ ✑ ☞ ✙ ✖ ✥ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✑
✍ ✟ ✡ ✚
❧
✸ ✝ ✿ ❀ ❆ ✙ ✖ ✡ ✥ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✞ ☞ ✡
r
✡ ✖ ✖ ✢✙ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✚ ☞ ✞ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✡ ☛ ✘ ☛ ✘ ✌ ✘ ✡ ✖ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✤ ✒ ✓ ✵ ✠ ☞
✷ ❁
✓
✰
✡ ✉ ✭ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✚ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✣ ✣ ✑ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✚ ✢✍ ✘ ☛ s ✌ ✏ ✑ ✢✙ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✚ ✠ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑
r
✡ ✖ ✖
❧
✰ r
✉ ✭ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✑
✬
✑ ✖ ✟ ✣ ✘ ✌ ✥ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✡ ✣ ✣ ✑ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑
r
✡ ✖ ✖ ✡ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✘ s ✏ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✙ ✟ ✘ ☛ ✌ ✟ ✎ ✘ ✌ ☞
✠ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛
❧
✰
✣ ✉
✳
✏ ✟ ✟ ☞ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✑ ① ❂ ✔ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✚ t ❂ ✔ ☞ ✌ ✟
r
✑ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✟ ✣ ✡ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✌ ✘ ✠ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑
r
✡ ✖ ✖ ✡ ✌ ✘ ✌ ☞
✏ ✘ s✏ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✙ ✟ ✘ ☛ ✌ ✕
✬
✑ ✍ ✌ ✘ ✣ ✡ ✖ ✖ ✥ ✚ ✟ ✞ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✚ ✚ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✟
r
✑ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✟ ☞ ✘ ✌ ✘
✬
✑ ✚ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✎
①✲ ✡
❃
✘ ☞ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✚ s ✘
✬
✑ ✌ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✘ s ☛ ☞ ✟ ✎ ✙ ✟ ☞ ✘ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✕
✬
✑ ✖ ✟ ✣ ✘ ✌ ✥ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✡ ✣ ✣ ✑ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑
r
✡ ✖ ✖
✚ ✢✍ ✘ ☛ s ✘ ✌ ☞ ✢✙ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✚ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✞ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✚ ✠ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✓
✰
✚ ✉ ❚ ✟ ✞ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✘ s ✏ ✌ ✚ ✟ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✑
r
✡ ✖ ✖ ✍ ✘ ☞ ✑ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✡ ✎ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✏ ✟ ✞ ✖ ✟ ☛ s ✚ ✟ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✑
r
✡ ✖ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✢✍ ☛ ✌ ✟ ✌ ✏ ✑
✙ ✖ ✡ ✥ ✑ ✍
♣
☞ ✏ ✡ ☛ ✚ ☞
❧ ✰
❚ ✡ ✗ ✑
❣
❂ ✒ ✓
❞
✠ ☞
✷ ✹
✡ ☛ ✚ ☛ ✑ s✖ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✡ ✘ ✍ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✣ ✑ ✉ ✓
❋ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❇❉❊
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✝ ☎ ✂ ✞ ✟ ✁ ✠ ✂ ✄ ✡ ✺ ☛
✸ ☞✌ ✌ ❘ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✑ ✎ ✛ ✍ ✜ ✢✘ ✘ ✣ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✒ ✛ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✙ ✖ ✓ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✍ ✥ ✎ ✕ ✦ ✘ ✍ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✜ ✤ ✔ ✤ ✓
✔ ✛ ✢ ✍ ✙ ✛ ✜ ✎ ✘ ✓ ✍ t
★
✦ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✤ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✤ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✍
♦
✏ ✤ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✖
✭
✎
✮
✚ ✤ ✔ ✒
✇
✍ ✛ ✙ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✤ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✣ ✒ ✎
✩
✍ ✖ ✙ ✖
♦ ✇
✍ ✛ ✙ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✛ ✎ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✤ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✔
✭
✗
✮
✚ ✤ ✔ ✒
✇
✍ ✛ ✙ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✣ ✒ ✎
✩
✍ ✖ ✙ ✖
♦ ✇
✍ ✛ ✙
✩
✍ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✤ ✔ ✣ ✧
✭
✑
✮
✚ ✤ ✔ ✒ ✑ ✙ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✢ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✎
✩
✍
✇
✍ ✛ ✙ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✛ ✎ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✧
✭
✏
✮
✚ ✤ ✔ ✒ ✦ ✙ ✓ ✤ ✔ ✤
✩
✍
✩
✎ ✘ ✢ ✍ ✙ ✜ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✛ ✎ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✖
♠✪ ✫ ✬
✗ ✍ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✤ ✖
✯
✢ ✦
✰
✸ ☞✌ ✱
★
✗ ✎ ✘ ✘ ✤ ✓ ✏ ✛ ✙ ✦ ✦ ✍ ✏ ✜ ✛ ✙ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✤
✯
✒ ✔ ✙ ✜ ✲ ✳ ✕ ✙ ✖ ✎ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✙ ✛
✰ ★
✔ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✙ ✘ ✘ ✤ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✙ ✛ ✧
✔ ✒ ✍ ✗ ✎ ✘ ✘ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✙ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✍ ✖ ✔ ✒ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✔ ✓ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏
✰
✴ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏
♦
✔ ✤ ✕ ✍
✯
✛ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✙ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✖
✗ ✍ ✔ ✚ ✍ ✍ ✖
✬ ✵
✳ ✔ ✙
✶ ✷
✓
✰
✸ ☞✌ ✸ ❊ ✥ ✦ ✘ ✎ ✤ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✛ ✘ ✣ ✧ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✥ ✎ ✕ ✦ ✘ ✍ ✓ ✧ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✍ ✔ ✚ ✍ ✍ ✖ ✹
✭
✎
✮
✕ ✎
✯
✖ ✤ ✔ ✢✏ ✍ ✙ ✜ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✦ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✔
✭
✓ ✙ ✕ ✍ ✔ ✤ ✕ ✍ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✘ ✘ ✍ ✏ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✑ ✍
✮
✙
✩
✍ ✛ ✎ ✖ ✤ ✖ ✔ ✍ ✛
✩
✎ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✔ ✤ ✕ ✍ ✧
✎ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✎ ✘ ✘ ✍ ✖
✯
✔ ✒ ✙ ✜ ✦ ✎ ✔ ✒ ✑ ✙
✩
✍ ✛ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✣ ✎ ✦ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✤ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✙
✩
✍ ✛ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✤ ✖ ✔ ✍ ✛
✩
✎ ✘ t
✭
✗
✮
✕ ✎
✯
✖ ✤ ✔ ✢✏ ✍ ✙ ✜ ✎
✩
✍ ✛ ✎
✯
✍
✩
✍ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✤ ✔ ✣ ✙
✩
✍ ✛ ✎ ✖ ✤ ✖ ✔ ✍ ✛
✩
✎ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✔ ✤ ✕ ✍ ✧ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✎
✩
✍ ✛ ✎
✯
✍ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏
✙
✩
✍ ✛ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✤ ✖ ✔ ✍ ✛
✩
✎ ✘
✰
✻
★✩
✍ ✛ ✎
✯
✍ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✙ ✜ ✎ ✦ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✤ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✙
✩
✍ ✛ ✎ ✖ ✤ ✖ ✔ ✍ ✛
✩
✎ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✔ ✤ ✕ ✍ ✤ ✓
✏ ✍ ✜ ✤ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✎ ✘ ✦ ✎ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✍ ✖
✯
✔ ✒ ✏ ✤
✩
✤ ✏ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✣ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✤ ✕ ✍ ✤ ✖ ✔ ✍ ✛
✩
✎ ✘
❞ ✰ ✼
✒ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✔ ✒
✭
✎
✮
✎ ✖ ✏
✭
✗
✮
✔ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✙ ✖ ✏ ❛ ✢✎ ✖ ✔ ✤ ✔ ✣ ✤ ✓ ✍ ✤ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✛
✯
✛ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✛ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✙ ✛ ✍ ❛ ✢✎ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✔
✰
❲ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✤ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✍ ❛ ✢✎ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✣ ✓ ✤
✯
✖ ✔ ✛ ✢ ✍ ✽ ✻ ✾ ✙ ✛ ✓ ✤ ✕ ✦ ✘ ✤ ✑ ✤ ✔ ✣✧ ✑ ✙ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✏ ✍ ✛ ✙ ✖ ✍
♦
✏ ✤ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✎ ✘
✕ ✙ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✘ ✣
❞ ✰
✸ ☞✌
✿ ★
✕ ✎ ✖ ✚ ✎ ✘
❆
✓ ✙ ✖ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✎ ✤
✯
✒ ✔ ✛ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✜ ✛ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✤ ✓ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✍ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✛
❆
✍ ✔
✷ ✰ ❀ ❆
✕ ✎ ✚ ✎ ✣ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✒ ✎
✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✙ ✜
❀ ❆
✕ ✒
➊
✶
✰
✾ ✤ ✖ ✏ ✤ ✖
✯
✔ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✛
❆
✍ ✔ ✑ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✧ ✒ ✍ ✤ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✘ ✣ ✔ ✢✛ ✖ ✓ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✘
❆
✓ ✗ ✎ ✑
❆
✒ ✙ ✕ ✍ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✙ ✜ ❤
✰ ❀ ❆
✕ ✒
➊
✶
✰
❲ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✤ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✍
✭
✎
✮
✕ ✎
✯
✖ ✤ ✔ ✢✏ ✍ ✙ ✜ ✎
✩
✍ ✛ ✎
✯
✍
✩
✍ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✤ ✔ ✣✧ ✎ ✖ ✏
✭
✗
✮
✎
✩
✍ ✛ ✎
✯
✍ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✙ ✜ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✖ ✙
✩
✍ ✛ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✤ ✖ ✔ ✍ ✛
✩
✎ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✔ ✤ ✕ ✍
✭
✤
✮
✳ ✔ ✙ ❁ ✳ ✕ ✤ ✖ ✧
✭
✤ ✤
✮
✳ ✔ ✙
❀
✳ ✕ ✤ ✖ ✧
✭
✤ ✤ ✤
✮
✳ ✔ ✙ ❂ ✳ ✕ ✤ ✖ ✽ ✻ ❃ ✙ ✔ ✍ ✹ ❄ ✙ ✢ ✚ ✤ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✦ ✦ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✤ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✜ ✛ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✒ ✤ ✓ ✍ ✥ ✍ ✛ ✑ ✤ ✓ ✍ ✚ ✒ ✣ ✤ ✔
✤ ✓ ✗ ✍ ✔ ✔ ✍ ✛ ✔ ✙ ✏ ✍ ✜ ✤ ✖ ✍ ✎
✩
✍ ✛ ✎
✯
✍ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✎ ✘ ✦ ✎ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✍ ✖
✯
✔ ✒ ✏ ✤
✩
✤ ✏ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✣ ✔ ✤ ✕ ✍ ✧ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✙ ✔
✎ ✓ ✕ ✎
✯
✖ ✤ ✔ ✢ ✏ ✍ ✙ ✜ ✎
✩
✍ ✛ ✎
✯
✍
✩
✍ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✤ ✔ ✣
✰
❄ ✙ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✙ ✔ ✘ ✤
❆
✍ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✍ ✘ ✘ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✤ ✛ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✖ ✙ ✖
✒ ✤ ✓ ✛ ✍ ✔ ✢✛ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✒ ✤ ✓ ✎
✩
✍ ✛ ✎
✯
✍ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✓
✇
✍ ✛ ✙ ❅
❞
✸ ☞✌ ❇ ■ ✖ ❊ ✥ ✍ ✛ ✑ ✤ ✓ ✍ ✓ ❁
✰ ✶
❁ ✎ ✖ ✏ ❁
✰ ✶
❂ ✧ ✚ ✍ ✒ ✎
✩
✍ ✑ ✎ ✛ ✍ ✜ ✢✘ ✘ ✣ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✖
✯
✢✤ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✔ ✚ ✍ ✍ ✖ ❈ ❉❋● ❈ ❍ ❋ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏
✎ ✖ ✏ ✕ ✎
✯
✖ ✤ ✔ ✢ ✏ ✍ ✙ ✜ ❈ ❉❋ ● ❈ ❍ ❋
✩
✍ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✤ ✔ ✣
✰
❃ ✙ ✓ ✢ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✤ ✓ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✎ ✛ ✣ ✚ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✚ ✍
✑ ✙ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✏ ✍ ✛ ✤ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✙ ✢ ✓ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✕ ✎
✯
✖ ✤ ✔ ✢✏ ✍ ✙ ✜
✩
✍ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✤ ✔ ✣
✰
❝ ✒ ✍ ✤ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✙ ✢ ✓ ✓ ✦ ✍ ✍ ✏
✤ ✓ ✎ ✘ ✚ ✎ ✣ ✓ ✍ ❛ ✢✎ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✎
✯
✖ ✤ ✔ ✢ ✏ ✍ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✙ ✢ ✓
✩
✍ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✤ ✔ ✣
✰
❲ ✒ ✣ ✽
✸ ☞✌
❏ ▲
✙ ✙
❆
✎ ✔ ✔ ✒ ✍
✯
✛ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✓
✭
✎
✮
✔ ✙
✭
✏
✮ ✭
✾ ✤
✯ ✰
❁
✰ ✷
✳
✮
✑ ✎ ✛ ✍ ✜ ✢ ✘ ✘ ✣ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✧ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✒ ✛ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✙ ✖ ✓ ✧ ✚ ✒ ✤ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✜
✔ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✍ ❑ ❈ ◆ ◆ ❖
✬
✦ ✙ ✓ ✓ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✍ ✦ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✖ ✍
♦
✏ ✤ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✜ ✎ ✦ ✎ ✛ ✔ ✤ ✑ ✘ ✍
✰
P ◗ ❙ ❚ ❯ ❚ ❱❳
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✺ ✆
❋ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟✡☛
❋ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟✡✥
✸ ☞✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑✒✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✚ ✔ ①✣ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✛ ✢ ✛ ★ ✛ ✩ ✔ ✪ ✫ ✏ ✬ ✔ ✩ ✙ ✏ ✛ ✩ ✭ ✧
✬ ✛ ✢ ✏ ✛ ✩ ✛ ★ ✭ ✦ ✭ ✓ ✢ ✏
♠
✧ ✔ ✖
✮
✙ ✏ ✢
♠
✛ ✓ ✓ ✔
♠
✢ ✢ ✛ ✙ ✭
✯
★ ✓ ✛ ✬ ✢ ✚ ✔
✑✓ ✭ ✦ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✭ ✢ ✢ ✚ ✔ ✦ ✭ ✓ ✢ ✏
♠
✧ ✔ ✬ ✛ ❣ ✔ ✙ ✏ ✩ ✭ ✙ ✢ ✓ ✭ ✏ ✑ ✚ ✢ ✧ ✏ ✩ ✔ ★ ✛ ✓
✤ ✰ ✱ ✭ ✩ ✫ ✛ ✩ ✭ ✦ ✭ ✓ ✭ ✲ ✛ ✧ ✏
♠
✦ ✭ ✢ ✚ ★ ✛ ✓ ✤ ✳ ✱ ✴
✮
★ ✩ ✛ ✢ ✵ ✙ ✒✑✑ ✔ ✙ ✢
✭ ✙ ✒✏ ✢ ✭ ✲ ✧ ✔ ✦ ✚
✯
✙ ✏
♠
✭ ✧
♠
✛ ✩ ✢ ✔
❛
✢ ★ ✛ ✓ ✢ ✚ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✓ ✭ ✦ ✚ ✖
✸ ☞✌ ✶ ❆ ✦ ✛ ✧ ✏
♠
✔ ❣ ✭ ✩ ✬ ✛ ❣ ✏ ✩ ✑ ✛ ✩ ✭ ✚ ✏ ✑✚ ✜ ✭
✯
✜ ✏ ✢ ✚ ✭ ✙ ✦ ✔ ✔ ✫ ✛ ★
✕ ✱
✷
✬ ✚
➊ ✹
★ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✭ ✲ ✒✧ ✧ ✔ ✢ ✭ ✢ ✭ ✢ ✚ ✏ ✔ ★
✻
✙
♠
✭ ✓ ✙ ✦ ✔ ✔ ✫ ✏ ✩ ✑ ✭ ✜ ✭
✯
✏ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✔ ✙ ✭ ✬ ✔ ✫ ✏ ✓ ✔
♠
✢ ✏ ✛ ✩ ✜ ✏ ✢ ✚ ✭ ✙ ✦ ✔ ✔ ✫ ✛ ★ ✘ ✐ ✗
✷
✬ ✚
➊ ✹
✖
✮
★
✢ ✚ ✔ ✬ ✒ t t ✧ ✔ ✙ ✦ ✔ ✔ ✫ ✛ ★ ✢ ✚ ✔ ✲ ✒✧ ✧ ✔ ✢ ✏ ✙ ✘ ✼ ✱ ✬ ✙
➊ ✹
✵ ✜ ✏ ✢ ✚
✜ ✚ ✭ ✢ ✙ ✦ ✔ ✔ ✫ ✫ ✛ ✔ ✙ ✢ ✚ ✔ ✲ ✒ ✧ ✧ ✔ ✢ ✚ ✏ ✢ ✢ ✚ ✔ ✢ ✚ ✏ ✔ ★
✻
✙
♠
✭ ✓ ✴
✇ ✽
✛ ✢ ✔
✾
❖ ✲ ✢ ✭ ✏ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✭ ✢ ✙ ✦ ✔ ✔ ✫ ✜ ✚ ✏
♠
✚ ✏ ✙ ✓ ✔ ✧ ✔ ❣ ✭ ✩ ✢ ★ ✛ ✓ ✫ ✭ ✬ ✭ ✑✏ ✩ ✑
✢ ✚ ✔ ✢ ✚ ✏ ✔ ★
✻
✙
♠
✭ ✓ ✿ ✖
✸ ☞✌
❀ ❙
✒✑✑✔ ✙ ✢ ✭ ✙ ✒✏ ✢ ✭ ✲ ✧ ✔ ✦ ✚
✯
✙ ✏
♠
✭ ✧ ✙ ✏ ✢ ✒ ✭ ✢ ✏ ✛ ✩ ★ ✛ ✓ ✔ ✭
♠
✚ ✛ ★ ✢ ✚ ✔
★ ✛ ✧ ✧ ✛ ✜ ✏ ✩ ✑ ✑✓ ✭ ✦ ✚ ✙
✇
✎ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✿
✾
❋ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✡✡
✸ ☞❁ ❂ ✎ ✏ ✑✒✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✏ ❣ ✔ ✙ ✢ ✚ ✔ ① ✣ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✛ ✢ ✛ ★ ✭ ✦ ✭ ✓ ✢ ✏
♠
✧ ✔ ✔
❛
✔
♠
✒✢ ✏ ✩ ✑ ✛ ✩ ✔ ✪ ✫ ✏ ✬ ✔ ✩ ✙ ✏ ✛ ✩ ✭ ✧ ✙ ✏ ✬ ✦ ✧ ✔
✚ ✭ ✓ ✬ ✛ ✩ ✏
♠
✬ ✛ ✢ ✏ ✛ ✩ ✖
✇ ❃
✛ ✒ ✜ ✏ ✧ ✧ ✧ ✔ ✭ ✓ ✩ ✭ ✲ ✛ ✒✢ ✢ ✚ ✏ ✙ ✬ ✛ ✢ ✏ ✛ ✩ ✏ ✩ ✬ ✛ ✓ ✔ ✫ ✔ ✢ ✭ ✏ ✧ ✏ ✩
♥
✚ ✭ ✦ ✢ ✔ ✓ ✘
❄
✿ ✖
●
✏ ❣ ✔ ✢ ✚ ✔ ✙ ✏ ✑✩ ✙ ✛ ★ ✦ ✛ ✙ ✏ ✢ ✏ ✛ ✩ ✵ ❣ ✔ ✧ ✛
♠
✏ ✢
✯
✭ ✩ ✫ ✭
♠ ♠
✔ ✧ ✔ ✓ ✭ ✢ ✏ ✛ ✩ ❣ ✭ ✓ ✏ ✭ ✲ ✧ ✔ ✙ ✛ ★ ✢ ✚ ✔ ✦ ✭ ✓ ✢ ✏
♠
✧ ✔ ✭ ✢
✤ ❅ ✱ ✖ ✕ ✙ ✵ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✵ ❇ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✖
❋ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✠
✸ ☞❁ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗
❄
✑ ✏ ❣ ✔ ✙ ✢ ✚ ✔ ① ✣ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✛ ✢ ✛ ★ ✭
✦ ✭ ✓ ✢ ✏
♠
✧ ✔ ✏ ✩ ✛ ✩ ✔ ✪ ✫ ✏ ✬ ✔ ✩ ✙ ✏ ✛ ✩ ✭ ✧ ✬ ✛ ✢ ✏ ✛ ✩ ✖
❚ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✫ ✏ ★ ★ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✩ ✢ ✔ ❈ ✒ ✭ ✧ ✏ ✩ ✢ ✔ ✓ ❣ ✭ ✧ ✙ ✛ ★ ✢ ✏ ✬ ✔
✭ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✩ ✖
✮
✩ ✜ ✚ ✏
♠
✚ ✏ ✩ ✢ ✔ ✓ ❣ ✭ ✧ ✏ ✙ ✢ ✚ ✔
✭ ❣ ✔ ✓ ✭ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✦ ✔ ✔ ✫ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✭ ✢ ✔ ✙ ✢ ✵ ✭ ✩ ✫ ✏ ✩ ✜ ✚ ✏
♠
✚
✏ ✙ ✏ ✢ ✢ ✚ ✔ ✧ ✔ ✭ ✙ ✢ ✴
●
✏ ❣ ✔ ✢ ✚ ✔ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✩ ✛ ★ ✭ ❣ ✔ ✓ ✭ ✑ ✔
❣ ✔ ✧ ✛
♠
✏ ✢
✯
★ ✛ ✓ ✔ ✭
♠
✚ ✏ ✩ ✢ ✔ ✓ ❣ ✭ ✧ ✖
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✝ ☎ ✂ ✞ ✟ ✁ ✠ ✂ ✄ ✡ ✺ ☛
✸ ☞ ✌ ✌ ❋ ✍ ✎ ✏✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✷ ✕ ✎ ✍ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✢ ✒ ✎✑ ✘ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✥
✘ ✙ ✘ ✑ ✜ ✍ r ✦ ✒ ✍ ✧ ✢ ✤ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✘ ✦ ✤ ✧ ✎ ✘ r ✤ ✧ ✗ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✜
✚ ✍ ✑ ✒ r ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✔
❞
✣ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✒
★
✏✘ ✦ ✍ ✧ ✜ ✒ ✑ ✖ ✘ ✦ ✗ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✍ ✢ ✒
✘ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✣ ✤
❛
✧ ✔
✩
✧
❛
✣ ✍ r ✣ ✍ ✧ ✜ ✒ ✑ ✖ ✘ ✦ ✍ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✒
✘ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✒ ✘ r r ✒ ✦ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✜ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✍ ✧
✢ ✘ ✎ ✧ ✍ ✜ ✏ ✚ ✒
♠ ✩
✧
❛
✣ ✍ r ✣ ✍ ✧ ✜ ✒ ✑ ✖ ✘ ✦ ✍ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✒
✘ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✒ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✜ ✒ ✗ ✜
♠ ✪
✣ ✤ ✤ ✗ ✍ ✧ ✎ ✜ ✣ ✒
✙ ✤ ✗ ✍ ✜ ✍ ✖ ✒ ✚ ✍ ✑ ✒ r ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✒ r ✤ ✧ ✗ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✜
✚ ✍ ✑ ✒ r ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✢ ✤ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧
✫
✎ ✍ ✖ ✒ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✤ ✥
✈
✘ ✧ ✚
✬
✍ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✜ ✣ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✍ ✧ ✜ ✒ ✑ ✖ ✘ ✦ ✗ ✔
✭
✣ ✘ ✜ ✘ ✑ ✒
✜ ✣ ✒ ✘ r r ✒ ✦ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✙ ✤ ✍ ✧ ✜ ✗ t
✫
✮
✫ ✪
✘ ✧ ✚
❉ ♠
❆ ✯ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✰ ✲ ✳✴ ✵ ✶ ✹ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✰ ✾ ✻ ✾
✸ ☞ ✌ ✸ t ✜ ✣ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✛
❛
✣ ✒ ✒ ✦ ✒ ✑ ✗ ✜ ✘ ✑ ✜ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✤ ✢ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✜
✫
✘ r r ✒ ✦ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✜ ✒ ✗ ✏✧ ✍ ✥ ✤ ✑ ✢ ✦ ✿
❛
✍ ✜ ✣ ❀ ✢ ✗
➊ ❁
✤ ✧ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✎✣ ✜
✑ ✤ ✘ ✚ ✥ ✤ ✑ ❀
❂
✗
✫
✘ ✧ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✧ ✢ ✤ ✖ ✒ ✗
❛
✍ ✜ ✣ ✏✧ ✍ ✥ ✤ ✑ ✢ ✖ ✒ ✦ ✤ r ✍ ✜ ✿ ✔
❃
✦ ✤ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✚ ✍ ✗ ✜ ✘ ✧ r ✒ r ✤ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✚
❄
✿
✜ ✣ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✣ ✍ r ✦ ✒ ✚ ✏✑ ✍ ✧ ✎ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✧
❅ ❇
✗ ✒ r ✤ ✧ ✚
❈
✧
❊
❀
✫
✷
✫
✓
●
✔
❍
✖ ✒ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✗ ✧ ✔
✭
✣ ✘ ✜ ✚ ✤ ✿ ✤ ✏ ✒
■
✙ ✒ r ✜ ✜ ✣ ✍ ✗
✙ ✦ ✤ ✜ ✜ ✤
❄
✒ ✚ ✏✑ ✍ ✧ ✎ ✘ r r ✒ ✦ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✢ ✤ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ♣ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✎✣ ✜ ✦ ✍ ✧ ✒ ✤ ✑ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✑ ✘
❄
✤ ✦ ✘
♠
✸ ☞ ✌ ❏ t
❄
✤ ✿ ✗ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✚ ✍ ✧ ✎ ✤ ✧ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✘ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✘ ✑ ✿ ✦ ✍ ✥ ✜
❈
✤ ✙ ✒ ✧ ✥ ✑ ✤ ✢ ✘
❄
✤ ✖ ✒
❍
✜ ✣ ✑ ✤
❛
✗ ✘
❄
✘ ✦ ✦ ✏ ✙
❛
✘ ✑ ✚ ✗
❛
✍ ✜ ✣
✜ ✣ ✒ ✢ ✘
■
✍ ✢ ✏✢ ✍ ✧ ✍ ✜ ✍ ✘ ✦ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✣ ✒ r ✘ ✧
✫
✒
★
✏✘ ✦ ✜ ✤
❑ ▲
✢ ✗
➊
◆
✔
❖
✤
❛
✢ ✏r ✣ ✜ ✍ ✢ ✒ ✚ ✤ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✒
❄
✘ ✦ ✦
✜ ✘
P
✒ ✜ ✤ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✏✑ ✧ ✜ ✤ ✣ ✍ ✗ ✣ ✘ ✧ ✚ ✗
♠ ✩
✥ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✦ ✍ ✥ ✜ ✗ ✜ ✘ ✑ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✤ ✖ ✍ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✙
❛
✍ ✜ ✣ ✘ ✏✧ ✍ ✥ ✤ ✑ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✤ ✥
✕ ✢ ✗
◗ ◆
✘ ✧ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✒
❄
✤ ✿ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✑ ✤
❛
✗ ✜ ✣ ✒
❄
✘ ✦ ✦ ✏ ✙
❛
✍ ✜ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✢ ✘
■
✍ ✢ ✏✢ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✣ ✒ r ✘ ✧
✫
✣ ✤
❛
✦ ✤ ✧ ✎ ✚ ✤ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✒
❄
✘ ✦ ✦ ✜ ✘
P
✒ ✜ ✤ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✏✑ ✧ ✜ ✤ ✣ ✍ ✗ ✣ ✘ ✧ ✚ ✗
♠
✸ ☞ ✌
❘ ❙
✧ ✘ ✦ ✤ ✧ ✎ ✣ ✤ ✑ ✍
❚
✤ ✧ ✜ ✘ ✦ ✦ ✿ ✢ ✤ ✖ ✍ ✧ ✎
❄
✒ ✦ ✜
❈
❋ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✷
❯ ❍ ✫
✘ r ✣ ✍ ✦ ✚ ✑ ✏✧ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✘ ✧ ✚ ✥ ✑ ✤
❛
✍ ✜ ✣ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✚
▲ P
✢ ✣
➊
◆
❈ ❛
✍ ✜ ✣ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✙ ✒ r ✜ ✜ ✤ ✜ ✣ ✒
❄
✒ ✦ ✜
❍ ❄
✒ ✜
❛
✒ ✒ ✧ ✣ ✍ ✗ ✥ ✘ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✧ ✚ ✢ ✤ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✑ ✦ ✤ r ✘ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✕
❂
✢ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✑ ✜
✤ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✢ ✤ ✖ ✍ ✧ ✎
❄
✒ ✦ ✜ ✔
❞
✣ ✒
❄
✒ ✦ ✜ ✢ ✤ ✖ ✒ ✗
❛
✍ ✜ ✣ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✤ ✥
❑ P
✢ ✣
➊
◆
✔ ❋ ✤ ✑ ✘ ✧ ✤
❄
✗ ✒ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✤ ✧ ✘
✗ ✜ ✘ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✘ ✑ ✿ ✙ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✥ ✤ ✑ ✢ ✤ ✏ ✜ ✗ ✍ ✚ ✒
✫ ❛
✣ ✘ ✜ ✍ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✒
❈
✘
❍
✗ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✣ ✒ r ✣ ✍ ✦ ✚ ✑ ✏✧ ✧ ✍ ✧ ✎ ✍ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✚ ✍ ✑ ✒ r ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✢ ✤ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✣ ✒
❄
✒ ✦ ✜
♠
✔
❈ ❄ ❍
✗ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✣ ✒ r ✣ ✍ ✦ ✚ ✑ ✏✧ ✧ ✍ ✧ ✎ ✤ ✙ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✍ ✜ ✒ ✜ ✤ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✚ ✍ ✑ ✒ r ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✢ ✤ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✣ ✒
❄
✒ ✦ ✜
♠
❈
r
❍
✜ ✍ ✢ ✒ ✜ ✘
P
✒ ✧
❄
✿ ✜ ✣ ✒ r ✣ ✍ ✦ ✚ ✍ ✧
❈
✘
❍
✘ ✧ ✚
❈ ❄ ❍ ♠
✭
✣ ✍ r ✣ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✘ ✧ ✗
❛
✒ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✦ ✜ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✥ ✢ ✤ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✍ ✗ ✖ ✍ ✒
❛
✒ ✚
❄
✿ ✤ ✧ ✒ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✙ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✧ ✜ ✗
♠
❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩❨ ❬❭
✸ ☞ ✌
❪ ❞ ❛
✤ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✧ ✒ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✣ ✑ ✤
❛
✧ ✏ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✏ ✦ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✒ ✤ ✏✗ ✦ ✿ ✥ ✑ ✤ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✎✒ ✤ ✥ ✘ r ✦ ✍ ✥ ✥ ✷
❂ ❂
✢ ✣ ✍ ✎✣
❛
✍ ✜ ✣
✍ ✧ ✍ ✜ ✍ ✘ ✦ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✗ ✤ ✥ ❀ ✕ ✢ ✗
➊
◆
✘ ✧ ✚ ✓
❂
✢ ✗
➊
◆
✔
❫
✒ ✑ ✍ ✥ ✿ ✜ ✣ ✘ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✘ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✣ ✤
❛
✧ ✍ ✧ ❋ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✷
❡
r ✤ ✑ ✑ ✒ r ✜ ✦ ✿ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✒ ✧ ✜ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✢ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✑ ✍ ✘ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✍ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✍ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✗ ✒ r ✤ ✧ ✚ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✧ ✒
❛
✍ ✜ ✣ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✙ ✒ r ✜ ✜ ✤ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✥ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✜ ✔
✇
✒ ✎✦ ✒ r ✜ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✜ ✘ ✧ r ✒ ✘ ✧ ✚ ✘ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✢ ✒ ✜ ✣ ✘ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✧ ✒ ✗ ✚ ✤ ✧ ✤ ✜
✑ ✒
❄
✤ ✏✧ ✚ ✘ ✥ ✜ ✒ ✑ ✣ ✍ ✜ ✜ ✍ ✧ ✎ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✤ ✏✧ ✚ ✔
❞
✘
P
✒
❣ ❊
❀
❂
✢ ✗
➊ ❁
✔
❴
✍ ✖ ✒ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✒
★
✏✘ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✗ ✥ ✤ ✑ ✜ ✣ ✒
✦ ✍ ✧ ✒ ✘ ✑ ✘ ✧ ✚ r ✏ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✑ ✜ ✗ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✙ ✦ ✤ ✜ ✔
❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❨ ❬❵
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✻ ✆
✥ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠✟✡☛
✸ ☞✌ ✍ ❚ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✎ ✛ ✜ ✚ ✒ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✣ ✏ ✗ ✛ ✤ ✖ ✦ ✘ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✦ ✘ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✧ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✖ ✙ ✏ ✢ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✦ ✖ ✑ ✑ ✎ ✛ ★ ✦ ✖ ✦
❋
✖ ✘
✩ ✪ ✩ ✫ ✬ ✩ ✭ ✮
✕ ✚ ✖ ✦ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✖ ✑ ✕ ✚ ✦ ✢ ✏ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✏ ✓
✮ ✯
✕ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✣ ✏
✮
✏ ✕ ★ ✏ ✏ ✦
✰
✚
✱ t ✲ ✳
✑ ✕ ✛
✴ ✳
✑
✵
✰ ✮ ✱ t ✲ ✫
✑ ✕ ✛ ✶ ✑
✩
✥ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✷
❲
✎ ✚ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✤ ✏ ✙ ✚ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✏ ✓ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✣ ✏ ✛ ✤ ✏ ✙ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✦ ✕ ✏ ✙ ✤ ✚ ✣ ✑ ✖ ✦
✰
✚
✱
✚ ✦ ✓
✰ ✮ ✱ ✹
✸ ☞✌ ✺ ❚ ✎ ✏ ✤ ✏ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✖ ✕
✯
✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✎ ✛ ✜ ✚ ✒ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✣ ✏ ✖ ✦ ✛ ✦ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✦ ✑ ✖ ✛ ✦ ✚ ✣ ✗ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✦ ✖ ✑ ✑ ✎ ✛ ★ ✦ ✖ ✦
❋
✖ ✘
✩ ✪ ✩ ✫
✼ ✽
✥ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✾
❲
✎ ✖ ✢ ✎ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✜ ✛ ✣ ✣ ✛ ★ ✖ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✛ ✙ ✗
✿
✣ ✚ ✏ ✚ ✙ ✏ ✢ ✛ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✢ ✕ ✜ ✛ ✙ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✢ ✙ ✖
✮
✖ ✦ ✘ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✦ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✣ ✏
✛ ✤ ✏ ✙ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✖ ✦ ✕ ✏ ✙ ✤ ✚ ✣
t
❀
✕ ✛
t
❁
✽
✰
✚
✱ ①❂ t
❁
❃ ❄ ①❂ t
❀
❃ ❅ ❆ ❂ t
❀
❃ ❂ t
❁
➊ t
❀
❃ ❅ ✰ ➼ ✱ ❇ ❂ t
❁
➊ t
❀
❃
❁
✰ ✮ ✱ ❆❂ t
❁
❃ ❄ ❆❂ t
❀
❃ ❅ ❇ ❂ t
❁
➊ t
❀
❃
✰
✢
✱ ❆
❛ ❈ ❉❊ ❛ ● ❉
❄ ❂ ①❂ t
❁
❃ ➊ ①❂ t
❀
❃ ❃
❍
❂ t
❁
➊ t
❀
❃
✰
✓
✱ ❇
❛ ❈ ❉❊ ❛ ● ❉
❄ ❂ ❆❂ t
❁
❃ ➊ ❆❂ t
❀
❃ ❃
❍
❂ t
❁
➊ t
❀
❃
✰
✏
✱ ①❂ t
❁
❃ ❄ ①❂ t
❀
❃ ❅ ❆
❛ ❈ ❉❊ ❛ ● ❉
❂ t
❁
➊ t
❀
❃ ❅ ❂ ➼ ❃ ❇
❛ ❈ ❉❊ ❛ ● ❉
❂ t
❁
➊ t
❀
❃
❁
✰
✜
✱ ①❂ t
❁
❃ ➊ ①❂ t
❀
❃ ❄
✚ ✙ ✏ ✚
✿
✦ ✓ ✏ ✙ ✕ ✎ ✏
❆
✈
t
✢
✿
✙ ✤ ✏
✮
✛
✿
✦ ✓ ✏ ✓
✮ ✯
✕ ✎ ✏
t
✔ ✚ ✧ ✖ ✑ ✚ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✕ ✏ ✓ ✣ ✖ ✦ ✏
✑ ✎ ✛ ★ ✦
✩
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✝ ☎ ✂ ✞ ✟ ✁ ✠ ✂ ✄ ✡ ✻ ☛
❆ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✍✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✍✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ❆ ✖ ✜ ✢ ✖ ✢✙
✎
❉ ✣ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✦ ✧❉ ★ ✩
✜
★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✩ ✫ ✬
❯ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✯ ✴ ✳ ✶ ✱ ✵ ✷ ✸ ✹ ✮ ✷ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✳ ✯ ✱ ✮ ✼ ✽ ✴ ✵ ✳ ✷ ✷ ✮ ✴ ✮ ✳ ✯ ✱ ✾ ✵ ✺ ✸ ✹ ✳ ✺ ✮ ✿ ✼ ✱ ✮ ✿ ✳ ✾ ❀ ❁ ✳ ✴ ✼ ✯ ✳ ✼ ✭ ✮ ✽ ❂ ✹ ✳ ✷ ✮ ✯ ✳ ✿ ✳ ✽ ✵ ✴ ✮ ✱ ❂ ✼ ✯ ✹
✼ ✴ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✳ ✺ ✼ ✱ ✮ ✵ ✯ ❛ ❃ ✲ ✵ ❄ ✰ ✲ ❂ ✵ ❄ ❁ ✮ ✽ ✽ ✽ ✳ ✼ ✺ ✯ ✮ ✯ ✹ ✳ ✱ ✼ ✮ ✽ ✮ ✯ ❅ ✼ ✱ ✲ ✳ ❅ ✼ ✱ ✮ ✴ ✭ ✼ ❇ ✵ ❄ ✱ ✹ ✳ ✺ ✮ ✿ ✼ ✱ ✮ ✿ ✳ ✭ ❀ ❁ ✳ ✭ ✲ ✼ ✽ ✽ ✮ ✯ ✱ ✺ ✵ ✹ ❄ ✴ ✳
✱ ✲ ✮ ✭ ✴ ✵ ✯ ✴ ✳ ✶ ✱ ✮ ✯ ❇ ✺ ✮ ✳ ✷ ✮ ✯ ✱ ✲ ✮ ✭ t ✶ ✶ ✳ ✯ ✹ ✮ ❈ ✭ ✵ ✼ ✭ ✱ ✵ ✷ ✼ ✴ ✮ ✽ ✮ ✱ ✼ ✱ ✳ ✮ ✱ ✭ ❄ ✭ ✳ ✮ ✯ ✹ ✳ ✭ ✴ ✺ ✮ ❇ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✶ ✲ ❂ ✭ ✮ ✴ ✼ ✽ ❊ ❄ ✼ ✯ ✱ ✮ ✱ ✮ ✳ ✭
✮ ✯ ✿ ✵ ✽ ✿ ✳ ✹ ✮ ✯ ❅ ✵ ✱ ✮ ✵ ✯ ❛
❙ ❄ ✶ ✶ ✵ ✭ ✳ ❁ ✳ ✲ ✼ ✿ ✳ ✼ ❊ ❄ ✼ ✯ ✱ ✮ ✱ ❂ ② ❁ ✲ ✵ ✭ ✳ ✿ ✼ ✽ ❄ ✳ ✹ ✳ ✶ ✳ ✯ ✹ ✭ ❄ ✶ ✵ ✯ ✼ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✽ ✳ ✿ ✼ ✺ ✮ ✼ ❇ ✽ ✳ ① ❀ ✼ ✯ ✹ ✮ ✭ ✳ ❈ ✶ ✺ ✳ ✭ ✭ ✳ ✹
❇ ❂ ✼ ✯ ✳ ❊ ❄ ✼ ✱ ✮ ✵ ✯ ✹ ✳ ✷ ✮ ✯ ✮ ✯ ✰ ② ✼ ✭ ✭ ✵ ❅ ✳ ✭ ✶ ✳ ✴ ✮ ✷ ✮ ✴ ✷ ❄ ✯ ✴ ✱ ✮ ✵ ✯ ✵ ✷ ①
✓
❃ ✲ ✮ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✺ ✳ ✶ ✺ ✳ ✭ ✳ ✯ ✱ ✳ ✹ ✼ ✭ ❚
② ❋ ● ❍ ① ■ ❍ ❏ ■
❃ ✲ ✮ ✭ ✺ ✳ ✽ ✼ ✱ ✮ ✵ ✯ ✭ ✲ ✮ ✶ ✴ ✼ ✯ ❇ ✳ ✿ ✮ ✭ ❄ ✼ ✽ ✮ ✭ ✳ ✹ ❇ ❂ ✹ ✺ ✼ ❁ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✼ ✰ ✺ ✼ ✶ ✲ ✵ ✷ ✷ ❄ ✯ ✴ ✱ ✮ ✵ ✯ ② ❋ ● ❍ ① ■ ✺ ✳ ✰ ✼ ✺ ✹ ✮ ✯ ✰ ② ✼ ✯ ✹ ① ✼ ✭
❑
✼ ✺ ✱ ✳ ✭ ✮ ✼ ✯ ✴ ✵ ✵ ✺ ✹ ✮ ✯ ✼ ✱ ✳ ✭ ❀ ✼ ✭ ✭ ✲ ✵ ❁ ✯ ✮ ✯
▲
✮ ✰ ❛
◆
❛
◆ ❖
❍ ✼ ■ ❛
❍ ✼ ■ ❍ ❇ ■
P ◗ ❘ ❱ ❲❱❲❳
❑
✵ ✯ ✭ ✮ ✹ ✳ ✺ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✶ ✵ ✮ ✯ ✱ ❨ ✵ ✯ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ❄ ✺ ✿ ✳ ② ❋ ● ❍ ① ❩ ❁ ✲ ✵ ✭ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✵ ✺ ✹ ✮ ✯ ✼ ✱ ✳ ✭ ✼ ✺ ✳ ❍ ① ❬ ② ■ ✼ ✯ ✹ ✼ ✯ ✵ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✺ ✶ ✵ ✮ ✯ ✱ ❭
❁ ✲ ✳ ✺ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✵ ✺ ✹ ✮ ✯ ✼ ✱ ✳ ✭ ✼ ✺ ✳ ❍ ① ❪ ❫① ❬ ② ❪ ❫② ❩ ❛ ❃ ✲ ✳ ✭ ✽ ✵ ✶ ✳ ✵ ✷ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✽ ✮ ✯ ✳ ❴ ✵ ✮ ✯ ✮ ✯ ✰ ❨ ✼ ✯ ✹ ❭ ✮ ✭ ✰ ✮ ✿ ✳ ✯ ❇ ❂ ❚
❵ ❜
❝
❞❞❞
❝
❞
❡ ❢ ❣
❤
❾❤ ✐
❥
❤
❤
❥ ❦
❍
❧
■
❙ ❄ ✶ ✶ ✵ ✭ ✳ ✯ ✵ ❁ ✱ ✲ ✼ ✱ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✶ ✵ ✮ ✯ ✱ ❭ ❅ ✵ ✿ ✳ ✭ ✼ ✽ ✵ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ❄ ✺ ✿ ✳ ✱ ✵ ❁ ✼ ✺ ✹ ✭ ❨ ❛
♠
✯ ✱ ✲ ✮ ✭ ✶ ✺ ✵ ✴ ✳ ✭ ✭ ❀ ❫②
♥ ♦ ♣
❫①
✹ ✳ ✴ ✺ ✳ ✼ ✭ ✳ ✼ ✯ ✹ ✼ ✶ ✶ ✺ ✵ ✼ ✴ ✲
q
✳ ✺ ✵
r
✱ ✲ ✵ ❄ ✰ ✲ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✮ ✺ ✺ ✼ ✱ ✮ ✵
s
s
y
x
❁ ✮ ✽ ✽ ✯ ✵ ✱ ✯ ✳ ✴ ✳ ✭ ✭ ✼ ✺ ✮ ✽ ❂ ✿ ✼ ✯ ✮ ✭ ✲ ❛
✉
✲ ✼ ✱ ✲ ✼ ✶ ✶ ✳ ✯ ✭
✱ ✵ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✽ ✮ ✯ ✳ ❨ ❭ ✼ ✭ ❫②
✈ ❖
❀ ❫①
✈ ❖
❛
✇
✵ ❄ ✴ ✼ ✯ ✭ ✳ ✳ ✱ ✲ ✼ ✱ ✱ ✲ ✮ ✭ ✽ ✮ ✯ ✳ ❇ ✳ ✴ ✵ ❅ ✳ ✭ ✼ ✱ ✼ ✯ ✰ ✳ ✯ ✱ ✱ ✵ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ❄ ✺ ✿ ✳ ✼ ✱
✶ ✵ ✮ ✯ ✱ ❨ ✼ ✭ ✭ ✲ ✵ ❁ ✯ ✮ ✯
▲
✮ ✰ ❛
◆
❛
◆ ❖
❍ ❇ ■ ❛ ❃ ✲ ✮ ✭ ❅ ✳ ✼ ✯ ✭ ✱ ✲ ✼ ✱ ✱ ✼ ✯
③
✼ ✶ ✶ ✺ ✵ ✼ ✴ ✲ ✳ ✭ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✭ ✽ ✵ ✶ ✳ ✵ ✷ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✱ ✼ ✯ ✰ ✳ ✯ ✱ ✼ ✱
❨ ❀ ✹ ✳ ✯ ✵ ✱ ✳ ✹ ❇ ❂
④
❚
⑤ ⑥ ⑥
⑦ ⑧
⑨ ⑩ ❶ ⑨ ⑩ ❶
❷
❸ ❸ ❸ ❸
❹
❺ ❺
❻ ❼ ❻ ❼
s ❽ s ❿
➀ ➀
s s
❍
◆
■
➁ ➂ ➃ ➄➅④ ➅ ➆ ➇
●
➆ ➂ ➃ ➈ ♥ ➆ ➅ ➇
❫②
➉
❫①
♥ ➊
❫①
♥ ➋ ➋ ➈ ➇ ♥ ➌ ➂ ➃ ➊ ➍ ➃ ➈ ➇ ➅ ➊ ➌ ♥ ➄➄ ➃ ♣ ➆ ➂ ➃ ♣ ➃ ➈ ➅ ➎ ♥ ➆ ➅ ➎ ➃ ➇
● ②
➏ ➅ ➆ ➂ ➈ ➃ ➊ ➋ ➃ ➌ ➆ ➆ ➇
①
✼ ✯ ✹ ✮ ✭ ❁ ✺ ✮ ✱ ✱ ✳ ✯ ✼ ✭ ✹ ②
➉
✹ ① ❛
♠
✱ ✺ ✳ ✶ ✺ ✳ ✭ ✳ ✯ ✱ ✭ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✭ ✽ ✵ ✶ ✳ ✵ ✷ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✱ ✼ ✯ ✰ ✳ ✯ ✱ ✽ ✮ ✯ ✳ ✱ ✵ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ❄ ✺ ✿ ✳ ② ❋ ● ❍ ① ■ ✼ ✱ ✱ ✲ ✳
✶ ✵ ✮ ✯ ✱ ❍ ① ❬ ② ■
➐
❙ ✮ ✯ ✴ ✳ ② ❋ ● ❍ ① ■ ✼ ✯ ✹ ② ❪ ❫② ❋ ● ❍ ① ❪ ❫① ■ ❬ ❁ ✳ ✴ ✼ ✯ ❁ ✺ ✮ ✱ ✳ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✹ ✳ ✷ ✮ ✯ ✮ ✱ ✮ ✵ ✯ ✵ ✷ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✹ ✳ ✺ ✮ ✿ ✼ ✱ ✮ ✿ ✳ ✼ ✭ ❚
➑
➒
➓
➔
→
➣
↔
↔
↕
➙
↔
↔
➙➙
➛ ➜➛ ➜
➝
➝
➞
➝➝
➞
➝
➟➠ ➡
➢
➤ ➥ ➦ ➤➥
➧ ➨ ➩➧ ➨ ➩
➫ ➭
➫
➫ ➭
➫
➯
➲➲ ➳
x f
➵
✮ ✿ ✳ ✯ ❇ ✳ ✽ ✵ ❁ ✼ ✺ ✳ ✭ ✵ ❅ ✳ ✳ ✽ ✳ ❅ ✳ ✯ ✱ ✼ ✺ ❂ ✷ ✵ ✺ ❅ ❄ ✽ ✼ ✳ ✷ ✵ ✺ ✹ ✳ ✺ ✮ ✿ ✼ ✱ ✮ ✿ ✳ ✭ ✵ ✷ ✷ ❄ ✯ ✴ ✱ ✮ ✵ ✯ ✭ ❛
♠
✯ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✭ ✳
➸
❍ ① ■ ✼ ✯ ✹
➎
❍ ① ■
✺ ✳ ✶ ✺ ✳ ✭ ✳ ✯ ✱ ✼ ✺ ❇ ✮ ✱ ✺ ✼ ✺ ❂ ✷ ❄ ✯ ✴ ✱ ✮ ✵ ✯ ✭ ✵ ✷ ① ❬ ✼ ✯ ✹ ✼ ✼ ✯ ✹ ❇ ✹ ✳ ✯ ✵ ✱ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✯ ✭ ✱ ✼ ✯ ✱ ❊ ❄ ✼ ✯ ✱ ✮ ✱ ✮ ✳ ✭ ✱ ✲ ✼ ✱ ✼ ✺ ✳ ✮ ✯ ✹ ✳ ✶ ✳ ✯ ✹ ✳ ✯ ✱
✵ ✷ ①
➐ ➺
✳ ✺ ✮ ✿ ✼ ✱ ✮ ✿ ✳ ✭ ✵ ✷ ✭ ✵ ❅ ✳ ✴ ✵ ❅ ❅ ✵ ✯ ✷ ❄ ✯ ✴ ✱ ✮ ✵ ✯ ✭ ✼ ✺ ✳ ✼ ✽ ✭ ✵ ✽ ✮ ✭ ✱ ✳ ✹
➐
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✻ ✆
x
uax
u
d
d
d
)  (a  d
❂ ❀
dd d=.dd d
uu x
tx t
x
uvx
vux
uv)
d
d
d
d
d
 d(
✰❂ ❀
✭ ✮
✷
❞ ✝
✶
❞ ❞
➊
❞ ❞ ❞
✉ ✞
✉ ✞
✉
① ① ①✞
✟
xv
xu
v
u
dd
dd
d
d
✠
✡ ☛ xx  x cossind
d
☞ ❀
✌ ✍
✎
❝ ✏ s ✑ s ✐ ♥
✎
✒ ✒
✒
✓
✔
✎
✕ ✖ ✗ ♥ ✘ s ✙ ❝
✎
✒ ✒
✒
✓
❀
✚
✛
✜ ✢ ✣ t ✤ ✥ ✢ ✣ ✦
✛
✧ ★ ✩ ✧
✧
✪
x xxx  sec tan )  (sec d
d
❂
❀
✫
✬
✯✱ ♦ ✲ ❡ ✱ ✳ ✴ ✱ ♦ ✵ ✱ ♦ ✲ ❡ ✱
✬
✸ ✸ ✸
✸
✹
✺
✼
✼
✽
✼
✺
✾✾
✿
✿
❁ ❃
✿
✿
❄ ❅
❆
❀
✎
❇
❧
♥
✎
❈ ❉ ❊
❉ ❉
=
❋
● ❍ ■ ❍
❋
❏ ❏
❑
▲
▼ ◆ ❖ ◗ ❘ ❙ ❚ ❯ ❱ ❲ ◗ ❘ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❖ ❳ ❨ ◗ ❚ ❬ ❳ ◆ ❚ ❖ ❩ ◆ ❖ ❩ ◆ ◗ ❯ ❭ ❚ ❨ ◗ ❪ ❯ ❫ ❳ ❖ ❴ ❩ ◆ ❲ ❩ ❫ ❫ ◗ ❪ ◗ ❘ ❩ ❖ ❳ ❯ ◆ ❩ ❘ ◗ ❲ ◗ ❱ ❳ ◆ ◗ ❲ ❩ ❚
❵
❛
❵
❛
✈
❜
❋
❋
❢ ❣ ❤
❥
▲
❦
❦
▲
♠ ♣
q
q
r
✇ ✇
② ③ ④
✇ ✇
⑤
⑥ ⑥ ⑦
⑧
⑨ ⑨ ⑨
D®
D== =D
⑩ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺❻ ❼ ❽❻ ❼ ❾ ❿ ❼ ❿ ➀
➁
❯ ❭ ❩ ❘ ◗ ❱ ❩ ❙ ❳ ❪ ❳ ❩ ❘
➂
❳ ❖
➃
❖
➃
◗ ◆ ❯ ❖ ❳ ❯ ◆ ❯ ❱ ❩ ❘ ◗ ❩
➄ ➅ ➃
◗ ❱ ❯ ❘ ❙ ❭ ❪ ❩ ◗ ❱ ❯ ❘ ❩ ❘ ◗ ❩ ❚ ❯ ❱ ❚ ❳ ❙
➆
❪ ◗
➇
◗ ❯ ❙ ◗ ❖ ❘ ❳ ❫ ❩ ❪ ❱ ❳
➇
❭ ❘ ◗ ❚ ❩ ❘ ◗
❩ ❪ ❚ ❯
➈
◆ ❯
➂
◆ ❖ ❯ ❴ ❯ ❭
➄ ➉
❯ ❘ ◗
➋
❩ ❙
➆
❪ ◗ ❬ ❖
➃
◗ ❩ ❘ ◗ ❩ ❯ ❱ ❩ ❘ ◗ ❫ ❖ ❩ ◆
➇
❪ ◗ ❳ ❚ ❪ ◗ ◆
➇
❖
➃
❖ ❳ ❙ ◗ ❚
➌
❘ ◗ ❩ ❲ ❖
➃
❩ ◆ ❲ ❖
➃
❩ ❖ ❯ ❱ ❩
❖ ❘ ❳ ❩ ◆
➇
❪ ◗ ❳ ❚
➃
❩ ❪ ❱ ❯ ❱ ❖
➃
◗
➆
❘ ❯ ❲ ❭ ❫ ❖ ❯ ❱
➌
❩ ❚ ◗ ❩ ◆ ❲
➃
◗ ❳
➇ ➃
❖
➄ ➍
❭ ❖
➃
❯
➂
❖ ❯ ❲ ◗ ❩ ❪
➂
❳ ❖
➃
❖
➃
◗
➆
❘ ❯
➌
❪ ◗ ❙ ❯ ❱ ❲ ◗ ❖ ◗ ❘ ❙ ❳ ◆ ❩ ❖ ❳ ❯ ◆
❯ ❱ ❩ ❘ ◗ ❩ ❯ ❱ ❩ ◆ ❳ ❘ ❘ ◗
➇
❭ ❪ ❩ ❘ ❱ ❳
➇
❭ ❘ ◗
➎ ➅ ➃
◗ ❙ ❩ ❖
➃
◗ ❙ ❩ ❖ ❳ ❫ ❩ ❪ ◆ ❯ ❖ ❳ ❯ ◆ ❯ ❱ ❳ ◆ ❖ ◗
➇
❘ ❩ ❪ ❳ ❚ ◆ ◗ ❫ ◗ ❚ ❚ ❩ ❘ ❴ ❳ ◆ ❫ ❯ ◆ ◆ ◗ ❫ ❖ ❳ ❯ ◆
➂
❳ ❖
➃
❚ ❭ ❫
➃ ➆
❘ ❯
➌
❪ ◗ ❙ ❚
➄
➏
◗ ❖ ❭ ❚ ❖ ❩
➈
◗ ❩ ❫ ❯ ◆ ❫ ❘ ◗ ❖ ◗ ◗
➋
❩ ❙
➆
❪ ◗
➄ ➐
❭
➆ ➆
❯ ❚ ◗ ❩ ❨ ❩ ❘ ❳ ❩
➌
❪ ◗ ❱ ❯ ❘ ❫ ◗
➑ ➒ ➓ ➔
❩ ❫ ❖ ❚ ❯ ◆ ❩
➆
❩ ❘ ❖ ❳ ❫ ❪ ◗ ❳ ◆ ❳ ❖ ❚ ❙ ❯ ❖ ❳ ❯ ◆
❩ ❪ ❯ ◆
➇ ➓ →
❩
➋
❳ ❚ ❱ ❘ ❯ ❙
➓ ➣
❩
↔ ↕ ➓ ➣ ➌ ➙ ➅ ➃
◗
➆
❘ ❯
➌
❪ ◗ ❙ ❳ ❚ ❖ ❯ ❲ ◗ ❖ ◗ ❘ ❙ ❳ ◆ ◗ ❖
➃
◗
➂
❯ ❘
➈
❲ ❯ ◆ ◗
➒ ➛ ➔ ➌
❴ ❖
➃
◗ ❱ ❯ ❘ ❫ ◗ ❯ ◆ ❖
➃
◗
➆
❩ ❘ ❖ ❳ ❫ ❪ ◗ ❲ ❭ ❘ ❳ ◆
➇
❖
➃
◗ ❙ ❯ ❖ ❳ ❯ ◆
➄ ➅ ➃
❳ ❚
➆
❘ ❯
➌
❪ ◗ ❙ ❳ ❚ ❲ ❳ ❚ ❫ ❭ ❚ ❚ ◗ ❲ ❳ ◆ ❲ ◗ ❖ ❩ ❳ ❪ ❳ ◆
➜ ➃
❩
➆
❖ ◗ ❘
➝ ➄
➉
❳
➇
❭ ❘ ◗ ➞
➄
➞ ➟ ❚
➃
❯
➂
❚ ❖
➃
◗ ❨ ❩ ❘ ❳ ❩ ❖ ❳ ❯ ◆ ❯ ❱ ➠
➒ ➓ ➔ ➂
❳ ❖
➃ ➓ ➙
▼ ❱ ❖
➃
◗ ❱ ❯ ❘ ❫ ◗
➂
◗ ❘ ◗ ❫ ❯ ◆ ❚ ❖ ❩ ◆ ❖ ❬
➂
❯ ❘
➈ ➂
❯ ❭ ❪ ❲
➌
◗ ❚ ❳ ❙
➆
❪ ❴
❖
➃
◗ ❩ ❘ ◗ ❩ ➠
➒
➡
→
➢
➔
❩ ❚ ❚
➃
❯
➂
◆ ❳ ◆
➉
❳
➇ ➄
➞
➄
➞ ➟
➒
❳
➔ ➄ ➍
❭ ❖ ❳ ◆ ❖
➃
◗
➇
◗ ◆ ◗ ❘ ❩ ❪ ❫ ❩ ❚ ◗ ❬ ❱ ❯ ❘ ❫ ◗ ❳ ❚ ❨ ❩ ❘ ❴ ❳ ◆
➇ ➄
➤ ➥ ➦ ➧ ➨ ➧ ➨ ➩
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✝ ☎ ✂ ✞ ✟ ✁ ✠ ✂ ✄ ✡ ✻ ☛
❚ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✙ ✒ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✗ ✗ ✦ ✧ ★ ✎ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✒ ✩ ✪ ✎ ☞ ✫ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✬ ☞ ✎ ✎ ☞ ✭ ✗ ✕ ✜ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✌ ✮ ✢ ✯ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✒
✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✙ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✕ ① ✰ ✱ ① ✲✳ ✬ ✔ ☞ ✩ ✱ ❛ ✴ ✵ ✗ ✕ ✑ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✩ ✶ ✒ ✔ ✥ ◆ ✦ ☞ ✬ ✘ ✩ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✙ ✍ ✎ ✘ ✷ ①
✸
✥ ❂ ✱ ✦ ❛ ✴ ①
✹
✺ ①
✹
❛ ✴ ①
✼
❀ ①
✼
❛ ✴ ①
✽
✺
✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✾ ①
✿ ❁
✹
❛ ✴ ①
✿
✥ ❂ ✵ ✦ ✢ ❚ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✙ ✒ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✑ ☞ ◆ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✪ ✘ ✢ ❃ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✪
✗ ✘ ✍ ✪ ✪ ✔ ☞ ✐ ✗ ✩ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✫ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✕ ✜ ✎ ✒ ★ ✘ ✗ ✕ ✌ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✙ ✍ ✔ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✕ ☞ ✬ ❋ ✥ ① ✦ ☞ ✙ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✪ ✗ ✘ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✎ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✶ ✎ ✒ ✢ ❚ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✍ ☞ ✬ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✗
t ❄
✘ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✪ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✭ ✕ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✗ ✗ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✕ ✍ ✪ ✪ ✔ ☞ ✐ ✗ ✩ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✫
❅❅ ❆❅❅❅ ❆❇
❈❈❈ ❈❈
❉❊❊❉ ● ❍●➊● ❍ ❍
■ ❏
✭ ✓ ✒ ✔ ✒
❑
① ✗ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✭ ✗ ✖ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✬ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✪ ✭ ✓ ✗ ✌ ✓ ✭ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✙ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✮ ✒ ✕ ✑ ☞ ✶ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✍ ✩ ✒ ✬ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✪ ✘ ✢
▲
☞ ✏ ✩ ✍ ✫
✭ ☞ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✭ ✓ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✔ ✭ ✒ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✖ ✪ ✏ ✑ ❋ ✥ ①
❖
❁
✹
✦ ☞ ✔ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✩ ✒ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✬ ❋ ✥ ①
❖
✦ ✍ ✕ ✖ ❋ ✥ ①
❖
❁
✹
✦ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✶ ☞ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✐ ✪ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✘ ✗ ☞ ✕ ✢
P
✬ ✭ ✒
✑ ✍ ✮ ✒ ◆ ✑ ☞ ✶ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✔ ✫ ✙ ✒ ✔ ✫ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✥ ◆
◗ ❘
✦ ★ ✗ ✑ ✖ ☞ ✒ ✘ ✕ ☞ ✑ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✫ ✩ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✔ ★ ✘ ✗ ✕ ✌ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✪ ✭ ✗ ✎ ✎ ✶ ✒ ✘ ☞ ✑ ✓ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✑
✑ ✓ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✬ ✬ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✕ ✌ ✒ ✶ ✒ ✑ ✭ ✒ ✒ ✕ ❋ ✥ ①
❖
✦ ✍ ✕ ✖ ❋ ✥ ①
❖
❁
✹
✦ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✍ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✗ ✕ ✜ ✎ ✫ ✘ ✩ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✢ ❚ ✓ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✙ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✷
❙❙
❯❯
❱❲❱❲
❳
❨
❨
❳
❨
❨
❩❩ ❬❭❭
❪❪
❫ ❴
❚ ✓ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✩ ✗ ✑ ☞ ✬ ✑ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✏ ✩ ✍ ✘ ◆
◗ ❘
✗ ✘ ✮ ✕ ☞ ✭ ✕ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✬ ❋ ✥ ① ✦ ☞ ✙ ✒ ✔ ① ✬ ✔ ☞ ✩ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✶ ✢
P
✑ ✗ ✘ ✜ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✕ ✍ ✘ ✪ ✒ ✌ ✗ ✍ ✎
✘ ✫ ✩ ✶ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✭ ✕ ✶ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✭ ✷
❵
❜
❝
❞
❡ ❢❢ ❣❤ ❥ ❦
❚ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✕
❧
✎ ☞ ☞ ✮ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✮ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✕ ✜ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✖ ♠ ✺ ✔ ✒ ✩ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✜ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✶ ✍ ✘ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✫ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✩ ✗ ✑ ☞ ✬ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✏ ✩
☞ ✬ ✍ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✬ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✩ ✶ ✒ ✔ ☞ ✬ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✩ ✘ ✢
♥
✩ ☞ ✘ ✑ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✕ ✗ ✬ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✩ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✩ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✬ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✕ ✗ ✘ ★ ✗ ✕ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✕ ✘ ✒ ★ ✍ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✙ ✒ ✔ ✘ ✒ ☞ ✬ ✖ ✗ ✬ ✬ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✕ ✢
♠ ✏ ✪ ✪ ☞ ✘ ✒ ✭ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✙ ✒ ✍ ✬ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✕ ♦ ✥ ① ✦ ✭ ✓ ☞ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✙ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✗ ✘ ♣ ✥ ① ✦ ★ ✗ ✢ ✒ ✢
q r
rq
s
r ✉
✈ ✇
✈ ✇
②
❚ ✓ ✒ ✬ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✕ ✜ ✥ ① ✦ ✗ ✘ ✮ ✕ ☞ ✭ ✕ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✬ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✬ ♣ ✥ ① ✦ ✍ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✒ ✕ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✍ ✘
③
④
⑤ ⑥ ⑦⑦ ⑧⑦ ⑨ ⑩ ❶⑩ ❶
♥
✕ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✭ ✗ ✑ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✭ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✪ ✪ ✒ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✩ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✮ ✕ ☞ ✭ ✕ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✖ ✒ ✬ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✢
P
✑ ✗ ✘ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✩ ✶ ✒ ✔ ✢
P
✕ ✖ ✒ ✬ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✑ ✒
✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✕ ☞ ✎ ✗ ✩ ✗ ✑ ✘ ❷ ✗ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✍ ✬ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✕ ✢
♥
✬ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✍ ✩ ✒ ✕ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✓ ✒ ☞ ✔ ✒ ✩ ☞ ✬ ✩ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✩ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✘ ✘ ✑ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✑
❸ ❹ ❺ ❸ ❹❸ ❹❸ ❹ ❻ ❼❽ ❼❾ ❼❿ ❾❾ ➀
➁
➂
➁
➂
➃➄
➅
♥
✘ ✍ ✕ ✒ ✐ ✍ ✩ ✪ ✎ ✒ ★ ✘ ✏ ✪ ✪ ☞ ✘ ✒ ♣ ✥ ① ✦ ❂ ①
➆
✍ ✕ ✖ ✭ ✒ ✭ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✑ ☞ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✩ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✙ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✬ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✬ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✬ ✔ ☞ ✩
① ❂ ✤ ✑ ☞ ① ❂
➇
✾ ❚ ✓ ✒ ✬ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✕ ♦ ✥ ① ✦ ✭ ✓ ☞ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✙ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✗ ✘ ①
✼
✗ ✘ ①
➈
➉
✣ ✢ ❚ ✓ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✬ ☞ ✔ ✒ ★
➋
➌
➋
➍
❺
➋
➎
➏
➐
➏
➐
➏
➄➄➄
➅
➑
❾
❿ ❾❾
➒
➓ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✎ ✫ ★ ✑ ☞ ✒ ✙ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✬ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✘ ★ ✭ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✒ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✮ ✕ ☞ ✭ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✔ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✪ ☞ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✜ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✬ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✘ ✢ ♠ ☞ ✩ ✒
✌ ☞ ✩ ✩ ☞ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✬ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✔ ✒
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✻ ✆
✶
❞ ✥ ➊ ✝ ✮
✝
♥
♥
①
① ① ✞
✞
✰
❂ ✟
✠
✡
☛
✭ ☞ ✌ ❧ ✍ ✭ ✵ ☞✎ ✎ ✎
✎
✏ ✑
✒
s ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ❝ ✗ s ❝ ✗ s ✕ s ✓ ✔
❡
✕
❡
✘ ✘
✙ ✙ ✙ ✙ ✙ ✙
✙
✚ ✚
✚
✛ ✛
✛
❚ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✢ ✤ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✦ ✢ ★ ✤ ✦ ★ ✩ ✢ ✬ ✬ ✯ ✧ ✯ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✱ ✲ ✱ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✤ ✦ ✯ ✳ ✧ ✱ ✲ ✫ ✱ ✲ ✫ ✪ ✲ ✪ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✤ ★ ✦ ✧ ✢ ✳ ★ ✧ ★ ✪ ✣ ✱ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✣ ✢ ✤ ✦ ✯ ✤ ✩ ✯ ✩ ✦ ★ ✫ ★ ✤ ✴ ✯ ✷ ✦ ★
✷ ★ ✪ ✦ ✜ ✯ ② ✱ ✣ ✢ ✫ ✤ ★ ✦ ✢ ★ ✤ ✣ ★ ✬ ✫ ✱ ✲ ✫ ✪ ✲ ✪ ✣ ✸
❈ ❍  ✁✂ ✄ ☎ ✥ ❖ ✆ ☎
▼ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✝ ✠ ✟ ✠ ❆ ✡ ▲ ❆ ✠ ☛
✹ ☞ ✌ ■ ✍✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓✔✎ ■ ✑ ✍
✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✘ ✛ ✣ ✗ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✙ ✧ ✙ ★ ✙ ✚ ✩ ✣ ✙ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✩ ✖ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✗ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✣ ✩ ✜ ✫ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✬
✧ ✫ ✜ ✣ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✙ ❞ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✬ ★ ✙ ✚ ✩ ✢ ✫ ✗ ✭ ✛ ✖ ✧ ✛ ✢ ✢ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✗ ✛ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✧ ✗ ✩
✧ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✤ ✫ ✮ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✙ ❞ ✩ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✩ ✪ ✛ ✖ ✩ ✮ ✯ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✩ ✖ ✰ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✤ ✛ ✫ ✰ ✘ ✗ ✚ ✫ ✖ ✙ ✱ ✲ ✙
✪ ✩
❢
✖ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✗ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✫ ✤ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✩ ✪ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✙
✳ ❢
✛ ✖ ✗ ✫ ✗ ✫ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✖ ✮ ✙
✗ ✛ t ✙ ✖ ✢ ✛ ✤ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✮ ✭ ✴ ✛ ✖ ✧ ✵ ✜ ✫ ✰ ✖ ✜ ✬ ✛ ✜ ✫ ✖ ✩ ✖ ✙ ✧ ✫ ❞ ✙ ✖ ✜ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✩ ✖ ✚ ✭ ✗ ✦ ✩
✧ ✫ ✤ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✜ ✛ ✤ ✙ ✣ ✩ ✜ ✜ ✫ ✮ ✚ ✙ ✱
✶ ❢
✗ ✫ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✧ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✤ ✫ ✮ ✙ ❞ ✩ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✩ ✪ ✛ ✖
✩ ✮ ✯ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✫ ✖ ✗ ✦ ✩ ✧ ✫ ❞ ✙ ✖ ✜ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✜
♦
✛ ✣ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✙
✷
✩ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✤ ✙ ✙ ✧ ✫ ❞ ✙ ✖ ✜ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✜
♦
✜ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✙
✷
✬ ✦ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✙ ✧ ✗ ✩
❢
✜ ✙ ★ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✩ ✤ ✜ ✗ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✤ ✫ ✮ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✮ ✩ ★ ✙ ✸
❞ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✙ ✧ ✣ ✘ ✭ ✜ ✫ ✢ ✛ ✚
✳ ❢
✛ ✖ ✗ ✫ ✗ ✫ ✙ ✜ ✱
♠
✘ ✙ ✤ ✙ ✪ ✩ ✤ ✙ ✬ ✫ ✗ ✫ ✜ ✪ ✫ ✤ ✜ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✜ ✜ ✛ ✤ ✭
✗ ✩ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✤ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✰
❢
✛ ✰ ✙ ✩ ✪ ★ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✩ ✤ ✜ ✱ ✲ ✘ ✛ ✗ ✫ ✜ ✛ ★ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✩ ✤ ❄ ✺ ✩ ✦ ✗ ✩
✛ ✧ ✧ ✬ ✜
❢
✮ ✗ ✤ ✛ ✢ ✗ ✛ ✖ ✧ ❞
❢
✚ ✗ ✫ ✣ ✚ ✭ ★ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✩ ✤ ✜ ❄ ✲ ✘ ✛ ✗ ✫ ✜ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✤ ✙ ✜
❢
✚ ✗ ✩ ✪
❞
❢
✚ ✗ ✫ ✣ ✚ ✭ ✫ ✖ ✰ ✛ ★ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✩ ✤ ✮ ✭ ✛ ✤ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✖
❢
❞ ✮ ✙ ✤ ❄ ✲ ✙ ✜ ✘ ✛ ✚ ✚ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✤ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✫ ✜
✗ ✩ ✙ ✖ ✛ ✮ ✚ ✙
❢
✜ ✗ ✩
❢
✜ ✙ ★ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✩ ✤ ✜ ✪ ✩ ✤ ✧ ✙ ✪ ✫ ✖ ✫ ✖ ✰ ★ ✙ ✚ ✩ ✢ ✫ ✗ ✭ ✛ ✖ ✧
✛ ✢ ✢ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✫ ✖ ✛ ✣ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✱ ✲ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✧ ✫ ✜ ✢
❢
✜ ✜ ❞ ✩ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✩ ✪ ✛ ✖ ✩ ✮ ✯ ✙ ✢ ✗
✫ ✖ ✛ ✣ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✱ ✐ ✜ ✛ ✜ ✫ ❞ ✣ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✙ ✩ ✪ ❞ ✩ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✫ ✖ ✛ ✣ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✬ ✦ ✙ ✜ ✘ ✛ ✚ ✚
✧ ✫ ✜ ✢
❢
✜ ✜ ❞ ✩ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✦ ✫ ✗ ✘ ✢ ✩ ✖ ✜ ✗ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✢ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✧ ✗ ✤ ✙ ✛ ✗ ✫ ✖ ✧ ✙ ✗ ✛ ✫ ✚
✗ ✘ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✯ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✫ ✚ ✙ ❞ ✩ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✱ ✻ ✫ ✤ ✢
❢
✚ ✛ ✤ ❞ ✩ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✫ ✜ ✛ ✪ ✛ ❞ ✫ ✚ ✫ ✛ ✤ ✢ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✩ ✪
❞ ✩ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✜ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✙ ✢ ✫ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✫ ✰ ✖ ✫ ✪ ✫ ✢ ✛ ✖ ✢ ✙ ✫ ✖ ✧ ✛ ✫ ✚ ✭ ✸ ✚ ✫ ✪ ✙ ✜ ✫ ✗
❢
✛ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✜ ✱
✲ ✙ ✜ ✘ ✛ ✚ ✚ ✧ ✫ ✜ ✢
❢
✜ ✜
❢
✖ ✫ ✪ ✩ ✤ ❞ ✢ ✫ ✤ ✢
❢
✚ ✛ ✤ ❞ ✩ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✫ ✖ ✜ ✩ ❞ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✗ ✛ ✫ ✚ ✱
♠
✘ ✙ ✙
✳ ❢
✛ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✜ ✧ ✙ ★ ✙ ✚ ✩ ✣ ✙ ✧ ✫ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✫ ✜ ✢ ✘ ✛ ✣ ✗ ✙ ✤ ✪ ✩ ✤ ❞ ✩ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✫ ✖ ✛
✣ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✢ ✛ ✖ ✮ ✙ ✙ ✛ ✜ ✫ ✚ ✭ ✙
♣
✗ ✙ ✖ ✧ ✙ ✧ ✗ ✩ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✗ ✘ ✤ ✙ ✙ ✧ ✫ ❞ ✙ ✖ ✜ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✜ ✱
✹ ☞ ✼ ❙ ✔✽ ✾ ✽ ✏ ❙ ✽ ✍ ✒ ✿ ❀ ✔✎ ✑ ✏ ❙
✕ ✖ ✣ ✘ ✭ ✜ ✫ ✢ ✜ ✬ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✛ ✖ ✢ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✫ ✪ ✭
✳ ❢
✛ ✖ ✗ ✫ ✗ ✫ ✙ ✜ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✤ ✜ ✩ ✤
★ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✩ ✤ ✜ ✱
✶
✛ ✜ ✫ ✢ ✛ ✚ ✚ ✭ ✬ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✫ ✪ ✪ ✙ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✢ ✙ ✫ ✜ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✗ ✛
❁ ❂ ❃ ❅ ❇ ❉❂ ❊ ❋
✫ ✜
✛ ✜ ✜ ✩ ✢ ✫ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✧ ✦ ✫ ✗ ✘ ✛ ★ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✩ ✤ ✮
❢
✗ ✖ ✩ ✗ ✦ ✫ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✤ ✱ ✐ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✤
✳ ❢
✛ ✖ ✗ ✫ ✗ ✭ ✫ ✜ ✛
✳ ❢
✛ ✖ ✗ ✫ ✗ ✭ ✦ ✫ ✗ ✘ ❞ ✛ ✰ ✖ ✫ ✗
❢
✧ ✙ ✩ ✖ ✚ ✭ ✱ ✕ ✗ ✫ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✙ ✢ ✫ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✧
✢ ✩ ❞ ✣ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✛ ✜ ✫ ✖ ✰ ✚ ✙ ✖
❢
❞ ✮ ✙ ✤ ✬ ✛ ✚ ✩ ✖ ✰ ✦ ✫ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✣ ✙ ✤
❢
✖ ✫ ✗ ✱ ✉
♣
✛ ❞ ✣ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✛ ✤ ✙ ● ✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✫ ✜ ✗ ✛ ✖ ✢ ✙ ✮ ✙ ✗ ✦ ✙ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✦ ✩ ✣ ✩ ✫ ✖ ✗ ✜ ✬
❞ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✛ ✖ ✩ ✮ ✯ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✬ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✙ ❞ ✣ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✗
❢
✤ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✛ ✮ ✩ ✧ ✭ ✛ ✖ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✙
✗ ✫ ❞ ✙ ✛ ✗ ✦ ✘ ✫ ✢ ✘ ✛ ✢ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✫ ✖ ✙ ★ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✣ ✣ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✧ ✱
♠
✘ ✙ ✤
❢
✚ ✙ ✜ ✪ ✩ ✤
✢ ✩ ❞ ✮ ✫ ✖ ✫ ✖ ✰ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✤ ✜ ✛ ✤ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✤
❢
✚ ✙ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✩ ✤ ✧ ✫ ✖ ✛ ✤ ✭ ✛ ✚ ✰ ✙ ✮ ✤ ✛ ✱
❏ ✢ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✤ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✖ ✮ ✙ ✛ ✧ ✧ ✙ ✧ ✬ ✜
❢
✮ ✗ ✤ ✛ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✧ ✬ ❞
❢
✚ ✗ ✫ ✣ ✚ ✫ ✙ ✧ ✛ ✖ ✧ ✧ ✫ ★ ✫ ✧ ✙ ✧
✹ ☞ ✌
❑◆ P ◗ ❘ ❚ ❯ ❱ P ❲ ❘ ◆
✹ ☞ ✼ ❳
❱
❨ ❩ ❨
◗
❬ ❨
◆ ❚
❭ ❪
❱ P ❘ ◗
❬
✹ ☞
❫ ❴ ❯
❩
P ❲ ❵
❩
❲ ❱
❨
P ❲ ❘ ◆ ❘ ❛
❭ ❪
❱ P ❘ ◗
❬
❜ ❝
◗
❪ ❨ ❩
◆ ❯r ❜
❪
◗
❬
✹ ☞ ✹
❡❚ ❚ ❲ P ❲ ❘ ◆
❨
◆ ❚
❬
❯❜ P ◗
❨
❱ P ❲ ❘ ◆ ❘ ❛
❭ ❪
❱ P ❘ ◗
❬ ✈ ❣
◗
❨
❵
❤
❲ ❱
❨ ❩
r
❪
P
❤
❘ ❚
✹ ☞ ❥ ❦ ❪ ❬
❘
❩
❯ P ❲ ❘ ◆ ❘ ❛
❭ ❪
❱ P ❘ ◗
❬
✹ ☞
❧ ♥
❪
❱ P ❘ ◗
❨
❚ ❚ ❲ P ❲ ❘ ◆
✈ ❨
◆
❨ ❩
❝P ❲ ❱
❨ ❩
r
❪
P
❤
❘ ❚
✹ ☞
q ❴ ❘ P ❲ ❘ ◆ ❲ ◆
❨
❵
❩ ❨
◆
❪
✹ ☞ s
❴ ❘ P ❲ ❘ ◆ ❲ ◆
❨
❵
❩ ❨
◆
❪ ✇
❲ P
❤
❱ ❘ ◆
❬
P
❨
◆ P
❨
❱ ❱
❪ ❩ ❪
◗
❨
P ❲ ❘ ◆
✹ ☞ ① ❦ ❪ ❩ ❨
P ❲
❭ ❪ ❭ ❪ ❩
❘ ❱ ❲ P ❝ ❲ ◆ P
✇
❘
❚ ❲ r
❪
◆
❬
❲ ❘ ◆
❬
✹ ☞ ✌ ② ③
◗ ❘
④ ❪
❱ P ❲
❩ ❪
r ❘ P ❲ ❘ ◆
✹ ☞ ✌ ✌
⑤ ◆ ❲ ❛ ❘ ◗ r ❱ ❲ ◗ ❱ ❯
❩ ❨
◗ r ❘ P ❲ ❘ ◆
❳
❯r r
❨
◗ ❝
③
❘ ❲ ◆ P
❬
P ❘ ❵ ❘ ◆ ❚
❪
◗
⑥ ⑦ ❪
◗ ❱ ❲
❬ ❪ ❬
❡❚ ❚ ❲ P ❲ ❘ ◆
❨ ❩ ❪ ⑦ ❪
◗ ❱ ❲
❬ ❪ ❬
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✻ ✻
❥ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✆ ✑ ✒ ✡ ☞ ✝ ✯ ✳ ✓ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✡ ✗
✍
✐
✞ ✠ ✡ ✖ ✡ ✎
✘
✞ ✠ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✡ ✟ ✌ ✞ ✠ ☛
✐
✟ ☞ ✡
✙
✞ ✟ ✎
✘
✖ ✡ ✟ ☞ ✡
✶
✳
✚
✑ ✟ ✎ ✌
✚
✳
✛
✑ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✕ ✡
✙
✞ ✍
r
✡ ✖ ✏ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✞ ✝
✕ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✝ ✆ ✑ ☛
✐
✞ ✠ ✡ ✖ ✡ ✎
✘
✞ ✠ ✝ ☛
✐
✞ ✠ ✡
✐
☛ ✆ ☞ ✝ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✝ ✗
✶
✳
✚
✑
❢ ✚
✳
✛
✑
❢ ✶
✳
✚
✑
❢ ✚
✳
✛
✑
✜
✸
✳
✚
✑ ✳
✢
✠ ✡ ✖ ✡ ✎
✘
✞ ✠ ☛
✐
✡ ✟
✙
✠ ✝ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✝ ✟ ✝
✙
✟ ✖ ✟ ☞
✟ ✎ ✌ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✝ ✟ ✖ ✝ ☛ ✟ ✝
✙
✟ ✖ ✟ ☞ ✳
✢
✟
❛
✡
✟ ✎ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✡
✣
✞ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✟ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✆ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✌
✑ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✆ ✑ ✞ ✡ ✑ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✟ ✞ ✆ ☞ ✡ ✝ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✕ ✟ ☞ ✞ ✍
✙
✆ ✖ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✏
✟ ☞ ✡
✸ ✛
✳
✤ ✥ ✦
✟ ✎ ✌
✧ ★
✳
✧ ✥ ✦
☞ ✡ ✝ ✕ ✡
✙
✞ ✍
r
✡ ✖ ✏ ✳
✢
✠ ✡ ✎ ✗
✞ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✍
✐ ✐
✡ ☞ ✡ ✎
✙
✡ ✒ ✡ ✞
t
✡ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✞
t
☛ ✞ ✡ ✑ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✟ ✞ ✆ ☞ ✡ ✝
✍ ✝
✶ ✶
✳
★ ✥ ✦
✳
✩
✍ ✑ ✍ ✖ ✟ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✗ ✍
✐
✟ ✆ ✎ ✍
✐
☛ ☞ ✑ ✝ ☛ ✖ ✍ ✌
✙
✆ ✒ ✡
☛
✐
✟ ✖ ✆ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✆ ✑ ☛
✐
✝ ✍ ✌ ✡
✶ ✚ ✙
✑ ✠ ✟ ✝ ✟ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✝ ☛
✐
✧
✳
✷ ❛ ✘
✗ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✞ ✝
r
☛ ✖ ✆ ✑ ✡ ✍ ✝
✶ ✚
➊ ✪
✑
✪
✫
✟ ✝
✙
✟ ✖ ✟ ☞
✬
✟ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✌ ✡ ✎ ✝ ✍ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✝
✧
✳
✷ × ✶ ✚
✪
❛ ✘
✑
➊ ✪
✫
✟ ✝
✙
✟ ✖ ✟ ☞
✬
✳
❆ ✈ ✭ ✮ ✰✱ ✲ ✴ ✆ ✟ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✝ ✟ ✴ ✆ ✟ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✏ ✞ ✠ ✟ ✞ ✠ ✟ ✝ ✒ ☛ ✞ ✠
✟ ✑ ✟
✘
✎ ✍ ✞ ✆ ✌ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✟ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✡
✙
✞ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✎ ✌ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡
✰ ✲ ✵ ✹ ✺ ✼ ✽ ✭ ✽ ✹ ✾ ✱ ✿ ✹ ❀ ❀ ✵ ✰✵ ✱ ✺ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✴ ✆ ✍
r
✟ ✖ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✖ ✏ ✞ ✠ ✡
♣ ✹ ✲✹ ✽ ✽ ✭ ✽ ✱ ✼ ✲✹ ❁ ✽ ✹ ✾ ✱ ✿ ✹ ❀ ❀ ✵ ✰✵ ✱ ✺ ✳
✩
☛ ✗ ✟
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✝
✝ ✕ ✡
✙
✍
✐
✍ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✏
✘
✍
r
✍ ✎
✘
✍ ✞ ✝ ✑ ✟
✘
✎ ✍ ✞ ✆ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✟ ✎ ✆ ✑ ✒ ✡ ☞
✟ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✡
✙
✞ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✳
✩
☛ ✑ ✡ ✕ ✠ ✏ ✝ ✍
✙
✟ ✖ ✴ ✆ ✟ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✍ ✡ ✝ ✞ ✠ ✟ ✞
✟ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✡ ✕ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✏
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✝ ✟ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✝ ✕ ✖ ✟
✙
✡ ✑ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✗
r
✡ ✖ ☛
✙
✍ ✞ ✏ ✗ ✟
✙ ✙
✡ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✟ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✎ ✌
✐
☛ ☞
✙
✡ ✳
✢
☛ ☞ ✡ ✕ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✟
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✗
t
✡ ✆ ✝ ✡ ✟ ✒ ☛ ✖ ✌
✐
✟
✙
✡ ✞ ✏ ✕ ✡
✍ ✎ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✝ ✒ ☛ ☛
❛
✳
✢
✠ ✆ ✝ ✗ ✟
r
✡ ✖ ☛
✙
✍ ✞ ✏
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞
✙
✟ ✎ ✒ ✡
☞ ✡ ✕ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✟ ✝ ✏ ✑ ✒ ☛ ✖ ✈ ✳
✩
✍ ✎
✙
✡ ✒ ☛ ✖ ✌
✐
✟
✙
✡ ✍ ✝
✌ ✍
✐ ✐
✍
✙
✆ ✖ ✞ ✞ ☛ ✕ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✆
✙
✡ ✗
t
✠ ✡ ✎
t
☞ ✍ ✞ ✞ ✡ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✠ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✗ ✟
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✝ ☛
✐
✞ ✡ ✎ ☞ ✡ ✕ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✟ ✎ ✟ ☞ ☞ ☛
t
✕ ✖ ✟
✙
✡ ✌
☛
r
✡ ☞ ✟ ✖ ✡ ✞ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✗ ✝ ✟ ✏
❂
❃
✳
✢
✠ ✆ ✝ ✗ ✒ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✈ ✟ ✎ ✌
❄
❅
☞ ✡ ✕ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✞ ✠ ✡
r
✡ ✖ ☛
✙
✍ ✞ ✏
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✳
✢
✠ ✡ ✑ ✟
✘
✎ ✍ ✞ ✆ ✌ ✡ ☛
✐
✟
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✝ ☛
✐
✞ ✡ ✎
✙
✟ ✖ ✖ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✟ ✒ ✝ ☛ ✖ ✆ ✞ ✡
r
✟ ✖ ✆ ✡ ✗
✍ ✎ ✌ ✍
✙
✟ ✞ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✏
❇
✈
❇ ✜ ❈
✳
✢
✠ ✆ ✝ ✗ ✟
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✝
☞ ✡ ✕ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✟ ✒ ☛ ✖ ✌
✐
✟
✙
✡ ✗ ✡ ✳
✘
✳ ✒ ✏
❉ ❊
✹
❊
♣
❊ ❋ ❊
✲
❊ ● ● ●
①
❊
❍ ✗
t
✍ ✞ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✕ ✡
✙
✞ ✍
r
✡ ✑ ✟
✘
✎ ✍ ✞ ✆ ✌ ✡ ✝ ✌ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✖ ✍
✘
✠ ✞
✐
✟
✙
✡ ■ ❏ ❑ ❏ ▲ ❏ ▼ ❏ ◆ ❏ ❖ ❖ ❖ ◗ ❏ ❘ ✳
❙
●
❚
●
❯ ❱ ✱ ❲ ✵ ✰✵ ✱ ✺ ✹ ✺ ❀ ❳ ✵ ❲ ♣ ✽ ✹ ✮ ✭ ❁ ✭ ✺ ✰ ❨ ✭ ✮ ✰ ✱ ✲ ❲
✢
☛ ✌ ✡ ✝
✙
☞ ✍ ✒ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✝ ✍ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✎ ☛
✐
✟ ✎ ☛ ✒ ❥ ✡
✙
✞ ✑ ☛
r
✍ ✎
✘
✍ ✎
✟ ✕ ✖ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✗
t
✡ ✎ ✡ ✡ ✌ ✞ ☛
✙
✠ ☛ ☛ ✝ ✡ ✟
✙
☛ ✎
r
✡ ✎ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✕ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✞ ✗
✝ ✟ ✏ s ✟ ✝ ☛ ☞ ✍
✘
✍ ✎ ✳ ❩ ✡ ✞ ❬ ✟ ✎ ✌ ❬ ❭ ✒ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✝ ✍ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✝ ☛
✐
✞ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✒ ❥ ✡
✙
✞ ✟ ✞ ✞ ✍ ✑ ✡ ❪ ✟ ✎ ✌ ❪ ❭ ✗ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✕ ✡
✙
✞ ✍
r
✡ ✖ ✏ ❫ ✓ ✍
✘
✳
★
✳
✶ ✫
✟
✬
❴ ✳
❵
✡ ❥ ☛ ✍ ✎ s ✟ ✎ ✌ ❬ ✒ ✏ ✟ ✝ ✞ ☞ ✟ ✍
✘
✠ ✞ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✳
✢
✠ ✡ ✎ ✗
❜
❱ ✍ ✝
✞ ✠ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✝ ✍ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✎
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ☛
✐
✞ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✒ ❥ ✡
✙
✞ ✟ ✞ ✞ ✍ ✑ ✡ ❪ ✳ ❆ ✎
✟ ☞ ☞ ☛
t
✍ ✝ ✑ ✟ ☞
❛
✡ ✌ ✟ ✞ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✌ ☛
✐
✞ ✠ ✍ ✝ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✳ ❝ ✞ ✍ ✝
☞ ✡ ✕ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✟ ✝ ✏ ✑ ✒ ☛ ✖ ✲ ✗ ✍ ✳ ✡ ✳
❜
❱
✜
✲ ✳ ❬ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✞ ❬ ❭ ✍ ✝
☞ ✡ ✕ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✟ ✎ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✕ ☛ ✝ ✍ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✎
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✗
❜
❱ ❭
✌ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✲ ❭ ✳
✢
✠ ✡ ✖ ✡ ✎
✘
✞ ✠ ☛
✐
✞ ✠ ✡
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✲
☞ ✡ ✕ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✟
✘
✎ ✍ ✞ ✆ ✌ ✡ ☛
✐
✞ ✠ ✡
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✝
✌ ✍ ☞ ✡
✙
✞ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✡
✙
✞ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✎
t
✠ ✍
✙
✠ ❬ ✖ ✍ ✡ ✝ ✟ ✝ ✝ ✡ ✡ ✎
✐
☞ ☛ ✑ s ✳ ❝
✐
✞ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✒ ❥ ✡
✙
✞ ✑ ☛
r
✡ ✝
✐
☞ ☛ ✑ ❬ ✞ ☛ ❬ ❭ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✡
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ❱ ❱ ❭
✫ t
✍ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✖ ✟ ✞ ❬ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✕ ✟ ✞ ❬ ❭
✬
✍ ✝
✙
✟ ✖ ✖ ✡ ✌
✞ ✠ ✡ ❀ ✵ ❲ ♣ ✽ ✹ ✮ ✭ ❁ ✭ ✺ ✰ ✈ ✭ ✮ ✰ ✱ ✲
✙
☛ ☞ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✕ ☛ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✎
✘
✞ ☛
✑ ☛ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✎
✐
☞ ☛ ✑ ✕ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✞ ❬
✫
✟ ✞ ✞ ✍ ✑ ✡ ❪
✬
✞ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✞ ❬ ❭
✫
✟ ✞ ✞ ✍ ✑ ✡ ❪ ❭
✬
✳
❞ ❡ ❣ ❤ ❦❤ ❧ ♠ ♥ ♦ q ✉ ✇ ② ③ ② ✉ ④ ⑤ ④ ⑥ ⑥ ② ✇ ⑦ ⑧ ⑤ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ⑩ ④ ③ ❷ ⑩ ⑨ ③ ✉ ❸ ✇ ❹
♠
❺
♦
❻
② ✇⑦ ⑧ ⑤ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ⑩ ④ ③ ❷ ⑩ ⑨ ③ ✉ ❸
❼
Q ⑤ ④ ⑥ ⑥ ②
❽❽
⑩ ❸ ⑩ ④ ③
⑨ ✉❾ ❸ ✇⑩✇ ✉
❽
❶✉③ ② ✉④ ❹
❝ ✞ ✍ ✝ ✍ ✑ ✕ ☛ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✎ ✞ ✞ ☛ ✎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✟ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✝ ✕ ✖ ✟
✙
✡ ✑ ✡ ✎ ✞
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✝ ✞ ☞ ✟ ✍
✘
✠ ✞ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✡ ❥ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✎
✘
✞ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✞ ✍ ✟ ✖ ✟ ✎ ✌
✐
✍ ✎ ✟ ✖ ✕ ☛ ✝ ✍ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✝ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✝ ✎ ☛ ✞ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✌ ☛ ✎ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✟
✙
✞ ✆ ✟ ✖
✕ ✟ ✞ ✠ ✆ ✎ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✞ ✟
❛
✡ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✞ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✒ ❥ ✡
✙
✞ ✒ ✡ ✞
t
✡ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✞
t
☛
✕ ☛ ✝ ✍ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✝ ✳ ✓ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✡ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✍
✘
✳
★
✳
✶
✒ ✗
✘
✍
r
✡ ✎ ✞ ✠ ✡
✍ ✎ ✍ ✞ ✍ ✟ ✖ ✟ ✎ ✌
✐
✍ ✎ ✟ ✖ ✕ ☛ ✝ ✍ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✝ ✟ ✝ ❬ ✟ ✎ ✌
Q
✗ ✞ ✠ ✡
✌ ✍ ✝ ✕ ✖ ✟
✙
✡ ✑ ✡ ✎ ✞
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✝ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✝ ✟ ✑ ✡ ❱
Q ✐
☛ ☞ ✌ ✍
✐ ✐
✡ ☞ ✡ ✎ ✞
✕ ✟ ✞ ✠ ✝ ☛
✐
❥ ☛ ✆ ☞ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✗ ✝ ✟ ✏ ❬ ❆ ❿
✦ Q✗ ❬ ➀ Q✗ ✟ ✎ ✌ ❬ ❿ ➁ ✓ Q✳
✢
✠ ✡ ☞ ✡
✐
☛ ☞ ✡ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✡ ❁ ✹ ✼ ✺ ✵ ✰
➂
❀ ✭ ✱ ✿ ❀ ✵ ❲ ♣ ✽ ✹ ✮ ✭ ❁ ✭ ✺ ✰ ✵ ❲
✭ ✵ ✰
➃
✭ ✲ ✽ ✭ ❲ ❲ ✱ ✲ ✭
❋ ➂
✹ ✽ ✰✱ ✰
➃
✭ ♣ ✹ ✰
➃
✽ ✭ ✺ ✼ ✰
➃
✱ ✿ ✹ ✺
✱ ➄ ➅ ✭ ✮ ✰ ➄ ✭ ✰ ✾ ✭ ✭ ✺ ✰ ✾ ✱ ♣ ✱ ✵ ✺ ✰ ❲ ❖
✢
✠ ✍ ✝
✐
✟
✙
✞
t
✟ ✝
✡ ✑ ✕ ✠ ✟ ✝ ✍ ✝ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✕ ☞ ✡
r
✍ ☛ ✆ ✝
✙
✠ ✟ ✕ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✟ ✖ ✝ ☛
t
✠ ✍ ✖ ✡
✌ ✍ ✝
✙
✆ ✝ ✝ ✍ ✎
✘
✑ ☛ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✖ ☛ ✎
✘
✟ ✝ ✞ ☞ ✟ ✍
✘
✠ ✞ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✳
❙
●
❚
●
❚
➆ ❋ ➂
✹ ✽ ✵ ✰ ❍ ✱ ✿ ❨ ✭ ✮ ✰✱ ✲ ❲
✢ t
☛
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✝
❉
✟ ✎ ✌
➇
✟ ☞ ✡ ✝ ✟ ✍ ✌ ✞ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✡ ✴ ✆ ✟ ✖ ✍
✐
✗ ✟ ✎ ✌
☛ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✍
✐
✗ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✟
r
✡ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✝ ✟ ✑ ✡ ✑ ✟
✘
✎ ✍ ✞ ✆ ✌ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✞ ✠ ✡
✝ ✟ ✑ ✡ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✡
✙
✞ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✳ ✯ ✯
✓ ✍
✘
✆ ☞ ✡
★
✳
✧ ✫
✟
✬
✝ ✠ ☛
t
✝ ✞
t
☛ ✡ ✴ ✆ ✟ ✖
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✝
❉
✟ ✎ ✌
➇
✳
❵
✡
✙
✟ ✎ ✡ ✟ ✝ ✍ ✖ ✏
✙
✠ ✡
✙ ❛
✞ ✠ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✴ ✆ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✞ ✏ ✳
✩
✠ ✍
✐
✞
➇
✕ ✟ ☞ ✟ ✖ ✖ ✡ ✖ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✡ ✖
✐
✆ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✖
Q ✙
☛ ✍ ✎
✙
✍ ✌ ✡ ✝
t
✍ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✠ ✟ ✞
☛
✐
■ ✗ ✍ ✳ ✡ ✳ Q ✙
☛ ✍ ✎
✙
✍ ✌ ✡ ✝
t
✍ ✞ ✠ s ✳
✢
✠ ✡ ✎ ✗ ✝ ✍ ✎
✙
✡ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✍ ☞
✞ ✍ ✕ ✝
✩
✟ ✎ ✌ ❬ ✟ ✖ ✝ ☛
✙
☛ ✍ ✎
✙
✍ ✌ ✡ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✞
t
☛
r
✡
✙
✞ ☛ ☞ ✝ ✟ ☞ ✡
✝ ✟ ✍ ✌ ✞ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✡ ✴ ✆ ✟ ✖ ✳ ❝ ✎
✘
✡ ✎ ✡ ☞ ✟ ✖ ✗ ✡ ✴ ✆ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✝ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✍
✙
✟ ✞ ✡ ✌
✯
➈ ⑥ ⑥ ② ③ ② ✉④ ⑤ ④ ⑥ ✇ ❾ ➉ ③ ❸ ⑤ ⑨ ③② ✉④ ✉
❽
✇ ⑨ ⑤ ⑧ ⑤ ❸ ✇ ❶⑤ ➋ ⑩ ✇⑩ ④ ✇ ⑩ ✉④ ⑧ ➌
❽
✉❸ ➍ ❾ ⑤ ④ ③ ② ③② ⑩✇ ➎② ③➏ ✇ ⑤ ❶ ⑩ ❾ ④ ② ③✇❹ ➐ ✉ ➎⑩❷⑩ ❸ ➑ ➌ ✉❾ ⑨ ⑤ ④ ❶❾ ⑧ ③ ② ⑦ ⑧ ➌
⑤ ④ ⑥ ⑥ ② ❷ ② ⑥ ⑩ ✇ ⑨ ⑤ ⑧ ⑤ ❸ ✇ ✉
❽
⑥ ②
❽❽
⑩ ❸ ⑩ ④ ③ ❾ ④ ② ③✇❹
✯ ✯ ➒
④ ✉❾ ❸ ✇③ ❾ ⑥ ➌ ➑ ❷⑩ ⑨ ③ ✉❸ ✇ ⑥ ✉ ④ ✉ ③ ➏ ⑤ ❷⑩
❽
②
➓
⑩⑥ ⑧ ✉⑨ ⑤ ③ ② ✉④ ✇❹
➔
✉ ⑥ ② ✇⑦ ⑧ ⑤ ⑨ ② ④
→
⑤ ❷ ⑩ ⑨ ③ ✉ ❸ ⑦ ⑤ ❸ ⑤ ⑧ ⑧ ⑩ ⑧ ③ ✉ ② ③ ✇⑩ ⑧
❽
⑧ ⑩ ⑤ ❷⑩ ✇ ③➏ ⑩ ❷⑩ ⑨ ③ ✉❸
❾ ④ ⑨ ➏ ⑤ ④
→
⑩ ⑥ ❹
➔
❾ ⑨ ➏ ❷⑩ ⑨ ③ ✉ ❸ ✇ ⑤ ❸ ⑩ ⑨ ⑤ ⑧ ⑧ ⑩ ⑥
❽➣ ↔ ↔ ↕ ↔ ➙ ➛ ➜ ➣ ➝ ➞
➐ ✉ ➎ ⑩❷⑩ ❸ ➑ ② ④ ✇ ✉ ❶ ⑩ ⑦ ➏ ➌ ✇ ② ⑨ ⑤ ⑧ ⑤ ⑦ ⑦ ⑧ ② ⑨ ⑤ ③ ② ✉ ④ ✇➑ ⑧ ✉⑨ ⑤ ③ ② ✉④ ✉❸ ⑧ ② ④ ⑩ ✉
❽
⑤ ⑦ ⑦ ⑧ ② ⑨ ⑤ ③ ② ✉ ④ ✉
❽
⑤ ❷ ⑩ ⑨ ③ ✉ ❸ ② ✇ ② ❶ ⑦ ✉❸ ③ ⑤ ④ ③❹
➔
❾ ⑨ ➏ ❷⑩ ⑨ ③ ✉❸ ✇ ⑤ ❸ ⑩ ⑨ ⑤ ⑧ ⑧ ⑩⑥ ➟
➜ ➙
♥ ➟ ➠
➝ ↔
➡
↕ ↔ ➙ ➛ ➜ ➣ ➝ ➞
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎ ✄ ✞ ✻ ✟
❛ ✠ ❆ ✥ ❇ ✳ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✍ ❛ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✳ ✓ ✳ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✠ ❆ ✜ ❛ ✏ ✢
❇ ✜ ✍ ❛ ✙ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✠ ❛ ✣ ✌ ✣ ❛ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✢ ✌ ✖ ✤ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✦ ❛ ✛ ✌ ✏ ☛ ☞
✌ ❡ ✤ ❛ ✧ ✖ ✌ ✚ ❛ ✤ ✠ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✦ ✍ ❛ ✙ ✌ ✢ ✎ ★ ★ ✌ ✛ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✢ ✎ ✛ ✌ ✚ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✠ ✳
❊
✙ ✌ ✏ ✎ ★
✩
✌ ✠ ✍ ✎ ★ ☞ ❇ ✜
✪
❛ ✛ ❛ ✧ ✧ ✌ ✧ ☞ ☛ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✌ ✧ ★ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✍ ❛ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✠ ☞ ❛ ✎ ✧
Q✜ ✚ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✢ ✌ ✠
✩
✎ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✌ ☞ ❛ ✎ ✧
✫
✜ ☛ ★ ❆ ✜ ✘ ☞ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✎
✪ ✱
✜ ☛ ★ ❇ ✜
✢ ☛ ✌ ✠ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✚ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✢ ✌
✩
✎ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✎
✪ ❞
✜ ☛ ★ ❆ ✜ ✳
✹ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ❚ ✲ ✴ ✰ ✲ ✵❆ ❚ ✲ ✶ ✷ ✶ ✸ ✺ ✼ ✵❚ ✶ ✽ ✾ ❇ ✿ ✽ ✼ ❆ ✰
✷✯ ✮ ❇ ✼ ✽ ✾
❀
✤ ✧ ☞ ✎
✪
✧ ✦ ✎ ✏ ✒ ❛ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ❆
✩
✎ ☞ ✍ ❛
✪
☛ ✠ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✙ ✌ ✏ ✤ ✣ ✖ ✌ ✛
❁
✒ ✎ ✙ ✌ ✠ ❛ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛
✩
✍ ☛ ✠ ✌ ✣ ❛ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✢ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✚ ✍ ❛ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✢ ✖ ✦
☞ ✍ ✌ ★ ❛ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛
❁
✖ ✤ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✢ ✎ ✛ ✌ ✚ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✠ ❛ ✣ ✌ ❛ ✠ ☞ ✍ ❛ ☞
☛ ★ ❆ ❂
❃ ❁
❆
❃
✥
❁ ❃
❆
❃
✎ ★
❁ ❄ ❅
✳
✑ ☛ ✛ ✌ ❋ ❛ ✣
✪
✧ ✌ ✘ ✎ ★ ❆ ✎ ✠ ✣ ✤ ✧ ☞ ✎
✪
✧ ✎ ✌ ✢ ✖ ✦ ✔ ✘ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✛ ✌ ✠ ✤ ✧ ☞ ❛ ✏ ☞
✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✔ ❆ ✎ ✠ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✠ ❛ ✣ ✌ ✢ ✎ ✛ ✌ ✚ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ❛ ✠ ❆ ❛ ✏ ✢ ✍ ❛ ✠
❛ ✣ ❛ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✢ ✌ ☞
✩
✎ ✚ ✌ ☛ ★ ❈ ❆ ❈ ❛ ✠ ✠ ✍ ☛
✩
✏ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✳ ✓ ✳ ⑤ ✕ ❛ ✗ ✳
❀
✤ ✧ ☞ ✎
✪
✧ ✦ ✎ ✏ ✒ ❛ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ❆ ✖ ✦ ❛ ✏ ✌ ✒ ❛ ☞ ✎ ✙ ✌ ✏ ✤ ✣ ✖ ✌ ✛
❁
✒ ✎ ✙ ✌ ✠ ❛ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛
❁
❆
✩
✍ ☛ ✠ ✌ ✢ ✎ ✛ ✌ ✚ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✠ ☛
✪ ✪
☛ ✠ ✎ ☞ ✌
☞ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✢ ✎ ✛ ✌ ✚ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☛ ★ ❆ ❛ ✏ ✢
✩
✍ ☛ ✠ ✌ ✣ ❛ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✢ ✌ ✎ ✠
➊ ❁
☞ ✎ ✣ ✌ ✠ ❈ ❆ ❈ ✳
❀
✤ ✧ ☞ ✎
✪
✧ ✦ ✎ ✏ ✒ ❛ ✒ ✎ ✙ ✌ ✏ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ❆ ✖ ✦ ✏ ✌ ✒ ❛ ☞ ✎ ✙ ✌
✏ ✤ ✣ ✖ ✌ ✛ ✠ ✘ ✠ ❛ ✦
➊ ♥
❛ ✏ ✢
➊ ♥
✳
❉
✘ ✒ ✎ ✙ ✌ ✠ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✠ ❛ ✠
✠ ✍ ☛
✩
✏ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✳ ⑤ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✳
●
✍ ✌ ★ ❛ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛
❁
✖ ✦
✩
✍ ✎ ✚ ✍ ❛ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ❆ ✎ ✠ ✣ ✤ ✧ ☞ ✎
✪
✧ ✎ ✌ ✢
✚ ☛ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✖ ✌ ❛ ✠ ✚ ❛ ✧ ❛ ✛ ✍ ❛ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✠ ☛
✩
✏
✪
✍ ✦ ✠ ✎ ✚ ❛ ✧
✢ ✎ ✣ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✳
●
✍ ✌ ✏ ✘ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✢ ✎ ✣ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☛ ★
❁
❆ ✎ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✌
✪
✛ ☛ ✢ ✤ ✚ ☞ ☛ ★ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✢ ✎ ✣ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✠ ☛ ★
❁
❛ ✏ ✢ ❆ ✳ ✑ ☛ ✛
✌ ❋ ❛ ✣
✪
✧ ✌ ✘ ✎ ★
✩
✌ ✣ ✤ ✧ ☞ ✎
✪
✧ ✦ ❛ ✚ ☛ ✏ ✠ ☞ ❛ ✏ ☞ ✙ ✌ ✧ ☛ ✚ ✎ ☞ ✦ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛
✖ ✦ ✢ ✤ ✛ ❛ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✕ ☛ ★ ☞ ✎ ✣ ✌ ✗ ✘
✩
✌ ✒ ✌ ☞ ❛ ✢ ✎ ✠
✪
✧ ❛ ✚ ✌ ✣ ✌ ✏ ☞
✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✳
✹ ✬ ✹ ❆ ❍ ❍ ✲ ❚ ✲ ✶ ✷ ❆ ✷ ❍ ✾ ✯ ❇ ❚ ✽ ❆ ✵ ❚ ✲ ✶ ✷ ✶ ✸
✺ ✼ ✵❚ ✶ ✽ ✾ ❱ ■ ✽ ❆ ✴ ❏ ✲ ✵❆ ✰ ✮ ✼ ❚ ❏ ✶ ❍
❑
✠ ✣ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✌ ✚ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✳ ✔ ✘ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✘ ✖ ✦
✢ ✌ ★ ✎ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✘ ☛ ✖ ✌ ✦ ☞ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✛ ✎ ❛ ✏ ✒ ✧ ✌ ✧ ❛
✩
☛ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✤ ✎ ✙ ❛ ✧ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✧ ✦ ✘
☞ ✍ ✌
✪
❛ ✛ ❛ ✧ ✧ ✌ ✧ ☛ ✒ ✛ ❛ ✣ ✧ ❛
✩
☛ ★ ❛ ✢ ✢ ✎ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✳
t
✌ ✠ ✍ ❛ ✧ ✧ ✏ ☛
✩
✢ ✌ ✠ ✚ ✛ ✎ ✖ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✧ ❛
✩
☛ ★ ❛ ✢ ✢ ✎ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✤ ✠ ✎ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✛ ❛
✪
✍ ✎ ✚ ❛ ✧
✣ ✌ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✢ ✳
♠
✌ ☞ ✤ ✠ ✚ ☛ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✢ ✌ ✛ ☞
✩
☛ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✠ ❆ ❛ ✏ ✢ ❇ ☞ ✍ ❛ ☞
✧ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✏ ❛
✪
✧ ❛ ✏ ✌ ❛ ✠ ✠ ✍ ☛
✩
✏ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✳ ✓ ✳ ✓ ✕ ❛ ✗ ✳
●
✍ ✌ ✧ ✌ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✍ ✠
☛ ★ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✒ ✣ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✠ ✛ ✌
✪
✛ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✠
❛ ✛ ✌
✪
✛ ☛
✪
☛ ✛ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ❛ ✧ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✣ ❛ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✢ ✌ ☛ ★ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✳
●
☛ ★ ✎ ✏ ✢ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✠ ✤ ✣ ❆ ▲ ❇ ✘
✩
✌
✪
✧ ❛ ✚ ✌ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ❇ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✍ ❛ ☞
✎ ☞ ✠ ☞ ❛ ✎ ✧ ✎ ✠ ❛ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✌ ❛ ✢ ☛ ★ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ❆ ✘ ❛ ✠ ✎ ✏
✑ ✎ ✒ ✳ ✓ ✳ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✳
●
✍ ✌ ✏ ✘
✩
✌ ◆ ☛ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✌ ☞ ❛ ✎ ✧ ☛ ★ ❆ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✌ ❛ ✢
☛ ★ ❇ ✳
●
✍ ✎ ✠ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✌
✫
Q ✛ ✌
✪
✛ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✠ ❛ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✽ ❘ ☞ ✍ ❛ ☞ ✎ ✠ ✘
☞ ✍ ✌ ✠ ✤ ✣ ☛ ★ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✠ ❆ ❛ ✏ ✢ ❇ ✳
✱
✎ ✏ ✚ ✌ ✘ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✠
✪
✛ ☛ ✚ ✌ ✢ ✤ ✛ ✌ ☛ ★ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ❛ ✢ ✢ ✎ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✌ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✠ ❛ ✛ ✌
❖ P ◗ ❙ ❯❙❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫❴ ❵ ❜ ❝ ❢❫❣ ❤ ❪✐ ❥ ❦ ❜ ❧ ♦ ♣ q ❳ r ❩ ❬ ❭ ❪
❢❫ ❣ ❤ ❪✐ ❥ ❦ ✜ ❜ ❧ ♦ ♣ ✜ ❜ ✐ ❫ ❵ ❧ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❜ ❝ ❤
s
❪ ❵
✉ s
❤
s
❫
✈
❜ ✐ ❫ ❪
✇
❤
s
❫ ❥❜
①
❫ ❝ ❫❧
✉
❤
s ②
❖ P ◗ ❙ ❯❙
③
❳ ❨ ❩
④
❫ ❣ ❤ ❪✐ ❦ ❜ ❧ ♦ ❤
s
❫ ✐ ❫ ❥ ❵ ❝ ❤❜ ❧ ❤ ❢❫❣ ❤ ❪✐ ❜
✇
❤ ❫✐
①
❵ ❝ ❤ ⑥ ⑦ ❝
✈
⑥ ❧
✉
❦ ⑧
✈
❜ ⑦ ❪❥ ⑥ ❤ ⑥ ❢ ❫ ❧ ❵
①
⑧ ❫ ✐ ⑨ q
❳ r ❩
④
❫❣ ❤ ❪✐ ❦ ❜ ❧ ♦ ✐ ❫❥❵ ❝ ❤ ❜ ❧ ❤ ❢ ❫❣ ❤ ❪ ✐ ❥ ❜
✇
❤ ❫ ✐
①
❵ ❝ ❤ ⑥ ⑦ ❝
✈
⑥ ❧
✉
⑥ ❤ ⑧
✈
❜ ❧ ❫
✉
❜ ❤ ⑥ ❢ ❫ ❧ ❵
①
⑧ ❫ ✐
⑩ ❶
❜ ❧ ♦ ❷
❶
q ❸
②
❳
❹
❩ ❳
❺
❩
❖ P ◗ ❙ ❯❙❯ ❳ ❨ ❩
④
❫ ❣ ❤ ❪✐ ❥ ❦ ❜ ❧ ♦ ♣ q ❳ r ❩
④
❫ ❣ ❤ ❪✐ ❥ ❦ ❜ ❧ ♦ ♣
❜ ♦ ♦ ❫♦
✉
✐ ❜ ⑦
s
⑥ ❣ ❜ ❝ ❝
✈
q ❳
❹
❩
④
❫❣ ❤ ❪ ✐ ❥ ♣ ❜ ❧ ♦ ❦
❜ ♦ ♦ ❫ ♦
✉
✐ ❜ ⑦
s
⑥ ❣ ❜ ❝ ❝
✈
q ❳
❺
❩ ❻ ❝ ❝ ❵ ❥ ❤ ✐ ❜ ❤ ⑥ ❧
✉
❤
s
❫
❜ ❥ ❥ ❪ ❣ ⑥ ❜ ❤ ⑥ ❢❫ ❝ ❜ ❭ ❪
✇
❢❫ ❣ ❤ ❪✐ ❜ ♦ ♦ ⑥ ❤ ⑥ ❪ ❧ q
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✻ ✆
❛ ✝ ✝ ❛ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✠ ❛ ✡ ☞ ✌ ☞ ❛ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✑ ✟ ✝ ❛ ✒ ☛ ✍ ✓ ❛ ✎ ✔ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✑
✓ ❛ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✠ ❤ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙✚ ✘ ✙✖ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✕ ✙❤ ✚ ✗ ✳ ✣ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✤ ✌ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑
❛ ✞ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✝ ✝ ✠ ✑ ✦ ✎ ☞ ❛ ✞ ☞ ✧ ✌ ✝ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✝ ✠ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✧ ❛ ☞ ✝ ✍ ❛ ✞ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✏
✑ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✑ ✔ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✑ ❛ ✎ ✑ ✌ s ✞ ✌ ✤ ✞ ❛ ✑ ✙t ✛ ✖ ★ ✩ ✜ ✕ ✢ ✕ ✙ ❤ ✚ ✗
✚ ♦ ✪ ✕ ✫ ✙ ✚ t ✖ ✗ ✗ ✛ ✙✛ ✚ ★ ✳ ✬ ✧ ✤ ✠ ✧ ✍ ✞ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✝ ✠ ✑ ✦ ✎ ☞ ❛ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✧
❇ ✰ ❆ ❛ ✑ ✍ ✞ ✭ ✍ ✟ ✳ ✮ ✳ ✮ ✯ ✓ ✱ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✑ ❛ ✔ ✠ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ❘ ✍ ✑
✌ ✲ ☞ ❛ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✳ ✣ ☛ ✦ ✑ ✏ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ❛ ✡ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✑ ✫ ✚ ✢ ✢ ❝ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✛ ✪ ✕ ✿
❆ ✰ ❇
❂
❇ ✰ ❆ ✯ ✮ ✳
✴
✱
✣ ☛ ✠ ❛ ✡ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✧ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑ ❛ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✌ ✲ ✠
❚
✑ ☞ ☛ ✠ ❛ ✑ ✑ ✌ ✓ ✍ ❛ ☞ ✍ ✥ ✠
✎ ❛ ✤ ❛ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✦ ✑ ☞ ✝ ❛ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✭ ✍ ✟ ✳ ✮ ✳ ✮ ✯ ✡ ✱ ✳ ✣ ☛ ✠ ✝ ✠ ✑ ✦ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✧
❛ ✡ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✟ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑ ❆ ❛ ✞ ✡ ❇ ✧ ✍ ✝ ✑ ☞ ❛ ✞ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✞ ❛ ✡ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✟
✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝
❈
✍ ✑ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✑ ❛ ✔ ✠ ❛ ✑ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✝ ✠ ✑ ✦ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✧ ❛ ✡ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✟ ❇
❛ ✞ ✡
❈
✧ ✍ ✝ ✑ ☞ ❛ ✞ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✞ ❛ ✡ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✟ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ❆ ✿
✯ ❆ ✰ ❇ ✱ ✰
❈ ❂
❆ ✰ ✯ ❇ ✰
❈
✱ ✯ ✮ ✳ ✵ ✱
❲ ☛ ❛ ☞ ✍ ✑ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✝ ✠ ✑ ✦ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✧ ❛ ✡ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✟ ☞ ✤ ✌ ✠ ✶ ✦ ❛ ✎ ❛ ✞ ✡
✌ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑ ✷ ✸✌ ✞ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✠ ✝ ☞ ✤ ✌ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑ ❆ ❛ ✞ ✡
➊ ❆ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✤ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✭ ✍ ✟ ✳ ✮ ✳ ✹ ✯ ✲ ✱ ✳ ✣ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✝ ✑ ✦ ✔ ✍ ✑ ❆ ✰ ✯ ➊ ❆ ✱ ✳
❙ ✍ ✞ ✓ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✔ ❛ ✟ ✞ ✍ ☞ ✦ ✡ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✧ ☞ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✤ ✌ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑ ❛ ✝ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✠
✑ ❛ ✔ ✠ ✏ ✲ ✦ ☞ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✝ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✞ ✑ ❛ ✝ ✠ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✠
✝ ✠ ✑ ✦ ✎ ☞ ❛ ✞ ☞ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ☛ ❛ ✑ r ✠ ✝ ✌ ✔ ❛ ✟ ✞ ✍ ☞ ✦ ✡ ✠ ❛ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✑
✝ ✠ ✒ ✝ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✲
❚
✺ ✓ ❛ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✡ ❛ ★ ❝ ✜ ✜ ✪ ✕ ✫ ✙ ✚ t ✌ ✝ ❛ ③ ✕ t ✚
✪ ✕ ✫ ✙ ✚ t ✿
❆ ➊ ❆
❂
✺ ⑤ ✺ ⑤
❂
✼ ✯ ✮ ✳ ✹ ✱
❙ ✍ ✞ ✓ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✔ ❛ ✟ ✞ ✍ ☞ ✦ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✧ ❛ ✞ ✦ ✎ ✎ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✍ ✑ r ✠ ✝ ✌ ✏ ✍ ☞ ✑
✡ ✍ ✝ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✞ ✓ ❛ ✞ ✞ ✌ ☞ ✲ ✠ ✑ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✧ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✳
✣ ☛ ✠ ✞ ✦ ✎ ✎ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ❛ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✝ ✠ ✑ ✦ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✤ ☛ ✠ ✞ ✤ ✠ ✔ ✦ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✒ ✎
❚
❛ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ❆ ✲
❚
☞ ☛ ✠ ✞ ✦ ✔ ✲ ✠ ✝ r ✠ ✝ ✌ ✳ ✣ ☛ ✠ ✔ ❛ ✍ ✞
✒ ✝ ✌ ✒ ✠ ✝ ☞ ✍ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✧ ✺ ❛ ✝ ✠ ✿
❆ ✰ ✺
❂
❆
✽ ✺
❂
✺
✼ ❆
❂
✺ ✯ ✮ ✳ ✮ ✱
❋ ✾ ❀ ❁ ❃❁ ❄ ❅ ❉ ❊ ● ❍■ ❏❑▲ ▼ ■◆ ❖ ◗ ❯ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❨ ✐ ❖ ❯ ❭ ❖■ ❖❪ ■❍ ❱ ❫ ❅ ❴ ❊ ❵ ❜ ❞ ▼ ◆ ❯ ▲ ▼✐ ❱ ❡ ❏❑▲ ▼ ■◆ ❨ ❢ ◆ ■ ❣ ❏❑▲ ▼ ■◆ ◗ ❬ ▼ ❪ ❑ ◆ ❑ ❖ ❜ ❭ ▼ ✐ ❖ ❥
❦
❫ ❧ ■ ◆
▲ ■❣
♠
❯ ◆ ✐ ❖■ ❱
♥
❯ ❳ ❳ ✐ ▼✐ ■ ❱ ■❢ ❏❑▲ ▼ ■◆ ❖ ◗ ❯ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❩ ✐ ❫ ❑❫ ❥
♣
✐ ❖ ❯ ❭ ❖ ■ ❖❪ ■❍ ❱ ❫
❲ ☛ ❛ ☞ ✍ ✑ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✒ ☛
❚
✑ ✍ ✓ ❛ ✎ ✔ ✠ ❛ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✟ ✌ ✧ ❛ r ✠ ✝ ✌ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✷
✸✌ ✞ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✠ ✝ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✞ ❛ ✞ ✡ ✡ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✎ ❛ ✓ ✠ ✔ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑
✍ ✞ ❛ ✒ ✎ ❛ ✞ ✠ ❛ ✑ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✤ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✭ ✍ ✟ ✳ ✮ ✳
✴
✯ ❛ ✱ ✳ q✌ ✤ ✑ ✦ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✑ ✠
☞ ☛ ❛ ☞ ❛ ✞ ✌ ✲ ✉ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✤ ☛ ✍ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✑ ❛ ☞ ✈ ❛ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✔ ✠ ✇ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✥ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✌
✈ ① ❛ ✞ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✞ ✓ ✌ ✔ ✠ ✑ ✲ ❛ ✓ s ☞ ✌ ✈ ✳ ✣ ☛ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✤ ☛ ❛ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✑
✡ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✎ ❛ ✓ ✠ ✔ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✷ ❙ ✍ ✞ ✓ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✍ ☞ ✍ ❛ ✎ ❛ ✞ ✡ ✧ ✍ ✞ ❛ ✎
✒ ✌ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✞ ✑ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✓ ✍ ✡ ✠ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✎ ❛ ✓ ✠ ✔ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✑ ❛ ② ✞ ✦ ✎ ✎
✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ④ ✳
⑥
❝
⑦
✙ t ✖ ✫ ✙✛ ✚ ★ ✚ ♦ ✪ ✕ ✫ ✙ ✚ t
⑧
✓ ❛ ✞ ✲ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✧ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✞ ☞ ✠ ✝ ✔ ✑
✌ ✧ ❛ ✡ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✧ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑ ✳ ❲ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✧ ✍ ✞ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✧ ✧ ✠ ✝ ✠ ✞ ✓ ✠
✌ ✧ ☞ ✤ ✌ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑ ❆ ❛ ✞ ✡ ❇ ❛ ✑ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✦ ✔ ✌ ✧ ☞ ✤ ✌ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑
❆ ❛ ✞ ✡ ➊ ❇ ✿
❆ ➊ ❇
❂
❆ ✰ ✯ ➊ ❇ ✱ ✯ ✮ ✳
⑨
✱
✬ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✤ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✭ ✍ ✟ ✮ ✳
⑨
✳ ✣ ☛ ✠ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ➊ ❇ ✍ ✑ ❛ ✡ ✡ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✌
✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ❆ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✠ ☞ ❘
⑩
❂
✯ ❆ ➊ ❇ ✱ ✳ ✣ ☛ ✠ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ❘
❶
❂
❆ ✰ ❇
✍ ✑ ❛ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✤ ✞ ✍ ✞ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✑ ❛ ✔ ✠ ✧ ✍ ✟ ✦ ✝ ✠ ✧ ✌ ✝ ✓ ✌ ✔ ✒ ❛ ✝ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✞ ✳
❲ ✠ ✓ ❛ ✞ ❛ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✦ ✑ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✠ ❷ ✖ t ✖ ✜ ✜ ✕ ✜ ✚ ✩ t ✖ ✢ ✢ ✕ ✙ ❤ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✌
✧ ✍ ✞ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✦ ✔ ✌ ✧ ☞ ✤ ✌ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑ ✳ ❙ ✦ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✤ ✠ ☛ ❛ ✥ ✠
☞ ✤ ✌ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑ ❆ ❛ ✞ ✡ ❇ ✳ ✣ ✌ ❛ ✡ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑ ✏ ✤ ✠
✲ ✝ ✍ ✞ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✝ ☞ ❛ ✍ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✌ ❛ ✓ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✝ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✞
❸
❛ ✑
✑ ☛ ✌ ✤ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✭ ✍ ✟ ✳ ✮ ✳
❹
✯ ❛ ✱ ✳ ✣ ☛ ✠ ✞ ✤ ✠ ✡ ✝ ❛ ✤ ❛ ✎ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✧ ✝ ✌ ✔
☞ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✠ ❛ ✡ ✌ ✧ ❆ ✒ ❛ ✝ ❛ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✎ ☞ ✌ ❇ ❛ ✞ ✡ ❛ ✞ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✝ ✎ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✧ ✝ ✌ ✔
☞ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✠ ❛ ✡ ✌ ✧ ❇ ✒ ❛ ✝ ❛ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✎ ☞ ✌ ❆ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✌ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✠ ☞ ✠ ❛
✒ ❛ ✝ ❛ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✎ ✌ ✟ ✝ ❛ ✔
❸ Q
❙ ✈ ✳ q✌ ✤ ✤ ✠ ✉ ✌ ✍ ✞ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✧
☞ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✞ ☞ ✠ ✝ ✑ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✧ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✤ ✌ ✎ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✌ ✝ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✞
❸
✳ ✣ ☛ ✠ ✝ ✠ ✑ ✦ ✎ ☞ ❛ ✞ ☞ ✥ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✝ ❘ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✍ ✝ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✧ ✝ ✌ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✠
✓ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✝ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✞
❸
❛ ✎ ✌ ✞ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✍ ❛ ✟ ✌ ✞ ❛ ✎ ✯
❸
❙ ✱ ✌ ✧ ☞ ☛ ✠
✒ ❛ ✝ ❛ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✎ ✌ ✟ ✝ ❛ ✔ ❺ ✭ ✍ ✟ ✳ ✮ ✳
❹
✯ ✲ ✱ ❻ ✳ ✬ ✞ ✭ ✍ ✟ ✳ ✮ ✳
❹
✯ ✓ ✱ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✠
☞ ✝ ✍ ❛ ✞ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✎ ❛ ✤ ✍ ✑ ✦ ✑ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✲ ☞ ❛ ✍ ✞ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✝ ✠ ✑ ✦ ✎ ☞ ❛ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✧ ❆
❛ ✞ ✡ ❇ ❛ ✞ ✡ ✤ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✠ ☞ ☛ ❛ ☞ ☞ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✤ ✌ ✔ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✑
❚
✍ ✠ ✎ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✠
✑ ❛ ✔ ✠ ✝ ✠ ✑ ✦ ✎ ☞ ✳ ✣ ☛ ✦ ✑ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✤ ✌ ✔ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✑ ❛ ✝ ✠
✠ ✶ ✦ ✍ ✥ ❛ ✎ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✳
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎ ✄ ✞ ✻ ✟
✠
❊ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ❘ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✘ ✔ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✔ ✣ ✓ ✘ ✘ ✤ ✥ ✔ ✢ ✦
✓ ✖ ❛ ✛ ✛ ✧ ★ ✗ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✖
➊ ✬
✳ ✭ ✔ ✕ ✧ ✖ ✖ ✢ ✓ ✜ ✢ ✖ ✮ ✘ ★ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✙
✓ ✗ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✖ ★ ✫ ✛ ✢ ✔ ✫ ✛ ✥ ✔ ✢ ✦ ✓ ✖ ❛ ✛ ✛ ✧ ★ ✗ ✯ ✰ ✫ ✖
➊ ✬
✔ ✕
✛ ✓ ✖ ✢ ✢ ★ ✥ ✛ ✖ ✢ ✧ ✔ ✜ ✛ ✣ ✢ ✔ ★ ✕ ✳ ❡ ✕ ✥ ✦ ✔ ✣ ✦ ✧ ✔ ✜ ✛ ✣ ✢ ✔ ★ ✕
✖ ✦ ★ s ✘ ✧ ✓ ✮ ★ ✤ ✥ ✓ ✔ ✢ ✔ ✕ ✙ ✓ ✢ ✓ ✮ s ✖ ✖ ✢ ★ ❛ ✦ ★ ✘ ✧
✦ ✔ ✖ s ✫ ✮ ✜ ✛ ✘ ✘ ✓ ❤
❋ ✱ ✲ ✴ ✵ ✴ ✶
❆ ✷ ✸ ✹ ✎ ✺ ✼ ✦ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✘ ★ ✣ ✔ ✢ ✤ ★ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✧ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✧
✓ ✜ ✛ ✜ ✛ ❛ ✜ ✛ ✖ ✛ ✕ ✢ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✢ ★ ✜ ✖ ✈
r
✓ ✕ ✧ ✈
✇
✔ ✕ ✽ ✔ ✙ ✳
✾ ✳ ✿ ✓ ✕ ✧ ✓ ✜ ✛ ✔ ✕ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✧ ✔ ✜ ✛ ✣ ✢ ✔ ★ ✕ ✖ ❛ ✛ ✣ ✔ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✛
❛ ✜ ★ ✮ ✘ ✛ ✫ ✳ ♣ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✜ s ✘ ✛ ★ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✢ ★ ✜ ✓ ✧ ✧ ✔ ✢ ✔ ★ ✕ ❀ ✥ ✛
✖ ✛ ✛ ✢ ✦ ✓ ✢ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✜ ✛ ✖ s ✘ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✢ ★ ✗ ✈
r
✓ ✕ ✧ ✈
✇
✔ ✖ ❁ ✓ ✖ ✖ ✦ ★ ✥ ✕
✔ ✕ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✗ ✔ ✙ s ✜ ✛ ✳ ✼ ✦ ✛ ✫ ✓ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✢ s ✧ ✛ ★ ✗ ❁ ✔ ✖
❂ ❃ ❃
❄
❅
❇
❅
❈ ❉ ❈ ❉ ❈
❾ ❾
● ❍ ■ ❏ ♠ ❑ ● ▲ ♠ ❑
◆ ◆ ❖ ❖
✼ ✦ ✛ ✧ ✔ ✜ ✛ ✣ ✢ ✔ ★ ✕
P
✢ ✦ ✓ ✢
◗
✫ ✓
❙
✛ ✖ ✥ ✔ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✔ ✣ ✓ ✘
✔ ✖ ✙ ✔ ✚ ✛ ✕ ✮ ✤
❚ ❯
t ❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❩
❩ ❭
❪
❫
❴
❴
❵ ❜ ❜ ❜
❝
✜ ❀
❞ ❢
❣ ✐ ✐ ➦❥ ❦ ♥
❧
♦
q
✉ ① ② ① ③ ④
✼ ✦ ✛ ✜ ✛ ✗ ★ ✜ ✛ ❀ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✮ ★ ✤ ✖ ✦ ★ s ✘ ✧ ✦ ★ ✘ ✧ ✦ ✔ ✖ s ✫ ✮ ✜ ✛ ✘ ✘ ✓
✔ ✕ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✔ ✣ ✓ ✘ ❛ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✛ ✓ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✙ ✘ ✛ ★ ✗ ✓ ✮ ★ s ✢ ✯ ⑤
⑥
✥ ✔ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✔ ✣ ✓ ✘ ✢ ★ ✥ ✓ ✜ ✧ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✛ ✓ ✖ ✢ ✳ ⑦
❋ ✱ ✲ ✴ ✵✴
⑧ ⑨ ❦ ⑩ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❹❺❻ ❼❸❽ ❿ ➀ ➁ ➂ ➃ ➄ ❷➅ ❼➆ ❼➆ ❺➅ ❽ ❼➁ ➅ ➇ ❿ ➈ ❽ ❸➉ ➋ ➆ ❼ ❼❸ ➁ ❻ ❸➌➌ ❸➂ ❸ ❽ ➅ ➋ ➅ ➂ ♦ ⑨ ➍ ⑩ ❶ ➆ ❺ ❿ ➉ ➌ ➀ ➎ ➄ ❸ ➈ ❼ ➁ ➅ ➂ ❺➃ ➉ ❿ ➅ ➂ ➋
❼➆ ❺
➏
➁ ❽ ➁ ➇ ➇ ❺ ➇ ❸➋ ❽ ➁ ➌ ➌❺ ❼➆ ❸ ➃ ♦ ⑨
➐
⑩ ❶ ➆ ❺
➏
➁ ❽ ➁ ➇ ➇ ❺ ➇ ❸ ➋ ❽ ➁ ➌ ➌ ❺ ❼➆ ❸ ➃ ❸
➑
❹ ❺❻ ❼❸ ❽ ➁ ➃ ➃ ➅ ❼ ➅ ❸➂ ➅ ❿ ❺
➒
➉ ➅ ❹➁ ➇ ❺ ➂ ❼ ❼❸ ❼➆ ❺ ❼ ❽ ➅ ➁ ➂ ➋ ➇ ❺
➌❺ ❼ ➆ ❸ ➃ ♦
➓ ➔ → ❁ ➣ ↔ ↕ ➙ ➛➜ ➝ ↕ ➞ ↕ ➟ ➠ ➣ ➡ ➜ ↕ ❁ ↔
➢ ✛ ✢ ➤ ✓ ✕ ✧ ➥ ✮ ✛ ✓ ✕ ✤ ✢ ✥ ★ ✕ ★ ✕ ➧ ➨ ✛ ✜ ★ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✢ ★ ✜ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✓
❛ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✛ ✥ ✔ ✢ ✦ ✧ ✔ ✗ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✛ ✕ ✢ ✧ ✔ ✜ ✛ ✣ ✢ ✔ ★ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✧ ✘ ✛ ✢ ➩ ✮ ✛
✓ ✕ ★ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✜ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✢ ★ ✜ ✔ ✕ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✖ ✓ ✫ ✛ ❛ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✛ ➫ ✽ ✔ ✙ ✳ ✾ ✳ ➭ ➯ ✳ ➩ ✣ ✓ ✕
✮ ✛ ✛ ➲ ❛ ✜ ✛ ✖ ✖ ✛ ✧ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✖ s ✫ ★ ✗ ✢ ✥ ★ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✢ ★ ✜ ✖ ➳ ★ ✕ ✛
★ ✮ ✢ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✤ ✫ s ✘ ✢ ✔ ❛ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✕ ✙ ➤ ✮ ✤ ✓ ✜ ✛ ✓ ✘ ✕ s ✫ ✮ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✕ ✧
✢ ✦ ✛ ★ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✜ ★ ✮ ✢ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✤ ✫ s ✘ ✢ ✔ ❛ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✕ ✙ ➥ ✮ ✤ ✓ ✕ ★ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✜
✜ ✛ ✓ ✘ ✕ s ✫ ✮ ✛ ✜ ✳ ✼ ★ ✖ ✛ ✛ ✢ ✦ ✔ ✖ ❀ ✘ ✛ ✢
❝
✓ ✕ ✧ ➵ ✮ ✛ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✢ ✓ ✔ ✘
✓ ✕ ✧ ✦ ✛ ✓ ✧ ★ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✢ ★ ✜ ➩ ✳ ✼ ✦ ✛ ✕ ❀ ✢ ✦ ✜ ★ s ✙ ✦
❝
❀ ✧ ✜ ✓ ✥
✓ ✖ ✢ ✜ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✦ ✢ ✘ ✔ ✕ ✛ ❛ ✓ ✜ ✓ ✘ ✘ ✛ ✘ ✢ ★ ➤ ❀ ✓ ✕ ✧ ✢ ✦ ✜ ★ s ✙ ✦ ➵ ❀ ✓
✖ ✢ ✜ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✦ ✢ ✘ ✔ ✕ ✛ ❛ ✓ ✜ ✓ ✘ ✘ ✛ ✘ ✢ ★ ➥ ✳ ➢ ✛ ✢ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✫ ✔ ✕ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✖ ✛ ✣ ✢ ✓ ✢
Q✳ ✼ ✦ ✛ ✕ ❀ ✥ ✛ ✦ ✓ ✚ ✛
➩ ➸ ↕ ➺ ➸ ↕ Q ➻ Q➺ ➫ ✾ ✳ ➼ ➯
➽
s ✢ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✣ ✛ ↕ Q ✔ ✖ ❛ ✓ ✜ ✓ ✘ ✘ ✛ ✘ ✢ ★ ➤ ❀ ✓ ✕ ✧ Q➺ ✔ ✖ ❛ ✓ ✜ ✓ ✘ ✘ ✛ ✘
✢ ★ ➥ ❀ ✥ ✛ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✥ ✜ ✔ ✢ ✛
➾
↕ Q ➸ ➚ ➤ ❀ ✓ ✕ ✧ Q➺ ➸ ➪ ➥ ➫ ✾ ✳ ✿ ➯
✥ ✦ ✛ ✜ ✛ ➚ ✓ ✕ ✧ ➪ ✓ ✜ ✛ ✜ ✛ ✓ ✘ ✕ s ✫ ✮ ✛ ✜ ✖ ✳
✼ ✦ ✛ ✜ ✛ ✗ ★ ✜ ✛ ❀ ➩ ➸ ➚ ➤ ➻ ➪ ➥ ➫ ✾ ✳ ➭ ➯
❋ ✱ ✲ ✴ ✵ ✴ ➶
⑨ ❦ ⑩ ❶ ❷ ❸ ➂ ❸ ➂
➹
❻ ❸ ➇ ➅ ➂ ❺ ➁ ❽ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❸ ❽ ❿
➘
➁ ➂ ➃
➴
♦
⑨ ➍ ⑩ ➷ ❺❿ ❸ ➇ ❹ ➅ ➂ ➋ ➁ ❹❺❻ ❼❸❽ ➀ ➅ ➂ ❼ ❺ ❽ ➌❿ ❸
➑
❹ ❺❻ ❼❸ ❽ ❿
➘
➁ ➂ ➃
➴ ➬
✭ ✛ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✓ ✢ ➩ ✦ ✓ ✖ ✮ ✛ ✛ ✕ ✜ ✛ ✖ ★ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✧ ✔ ✕ ✢ ★ ✢ ✥ ★
✣ ★ ✫ ❛ ★ ✕ ✛ ✕ ✢ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✢ ★ ✜ ✖ ➚ ➤ ✓ ✕ ✧
➮
➥ ✓ ✘ ★ ✕ ✙ ➤ ✓ ✕ ✧ ➥
✜ ✛ ✖ ❛ ✛ ✣ ✢ ✔ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✤ ✳ ♣ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✔ ✖ ✫ ✛ ✢ ✦ ★ ✧ ★ ✕ ✛ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✛ ✖ ★ ✘ ✚ ✛
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✼ ✆
❋ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠✟ ✡ ✭ ☛ ☞ ❯ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏✑ ✒ ✎✓✔ ✕
✖
✐
✱
✗
❥
✥ ✘ ✙
✖
❦
❧ ✍ ✑ ✚ ❧ ✓✌ ✛ ✎✜ ✑ ✢✣ ✤ ✦ ✣ ✤ ✚ ✌ ✧ ★ ✣ ✚ ✢✑ ✕✩ ✭ ✪ ☞ ✫ ✏✑ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✔ ❆ ✍ ✕ ✔ ✑ ✕ ✓ ❧ ✏ ✑ ✧ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✬✮ ✓ ✣
✌ ✑ ✌ ✎✕ ❆
✶
✚ ✌ ✧ ❆
✷
✚ ❧ ✓ ✌ ✛ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✚ ✌ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✚ ✢ ✑ ✕✩ ✭
✯
☞ ❆
✶
✚ ✌ ✧ ❆
✷
✑ ✢✮ ✔ ✑ ✕✕ ✑ ✧ ✍ ✌ ✎✑✔ ✬ ✕ ✓
❡
✖
✐
✚ ✌ ✧
✗
❥
✩
✥ ❛ ✰ ✲ ✳ ✘ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✰ ✘ ✵ ✸ ✵ ✺ ✸ ✴ ✸ ✻ ✽ ✸ ✘ ✳ ✘ ✵ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✾ ✥ ✿ ✸ ✘ ❛
✥ ✾ ✳ ✵ ✸ ❀ ✵ ✺ ✸ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✾ ❁ ✥ ✿ ✿ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✵ ❂ ✹ ✳ ✳ ✿ ✰ ✳ ✰ ✘ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✾ ✥ ✻ ✳
✽ ✿ ✥ ✘ ✳ ♣ ❃ ✵ ✰ ✾ ✴ ✸ ✘ ✲ ✳ ✘ ✰ ✳ ✘ ✵ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✳ ✾ ✸ ✿ ✲ ✳ ✥ ❛ ✳ ✘ ✳ ✹ ✥ ✿ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹
✥ ✿ ✸ ✘ ❛ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✥ ❄ ✳ ✾ ✸ ❀ ✥ ✹ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✥ ✘ ❛ ❅ ✿ ✥ ✹ ✴ ✸ ✸ ✹ ✙ ✰ ✘ ✥ ✵ ✳
✾ s ✾ ✵ ✳ ✻ ❅ ✾ ✰ ✘ ❛ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✾ ✸ ❀ ❅ ✘ ✰ ✵ ✻ ✥ ❛ ✘ ✰ ✵ ❅ ✙ ✳ ♣ ❇ ❂ ✳ ✾ ✳
✥ ✹ ✳ ✴ ✥ ✿ ✿ ✳ ✙ ❅ ✘ ✰ ✵ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✾ ✵ ❂ ✥ ✵ ✺ ✳ ✙ ✰ ✾ ✴ ❅ ✾ ✾ ✘ ✸ ✺ ♣
❈❉ ❊ ● ❍ ■ ❏ ● ❑ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖ ❅ ✘ ✰ ✵ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✰ ✾ ✥ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✸ ❀ ❅ ✘ ✰ ✵
✻ ✥ ❛ ✘ ✰ ✵ ❅ ✙ ✳ ✥ ✘ ✙ ✽ ✸ ✰ ✘ ✵ ✾ ✰ ✘ ✥ ✽ ✥ ✹ ✵ ✰ ✴ ❅ ✿ ✥ ✹ ✙ ✰ ✹ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✰ ✸ ✘ ♣
❃ ✵ ❂ ✥ ✾ ✘ ✸ ✙ ✰ ✻ ✳ ✘ ✾ ✰ ✸ ✘ ✥ ✘ ✙ ❅ ✘ ✰ ✵ ♣ ❃ ✵ ✰ ✾ ❅ ✾ ✳ ✙ ✵ ✸ ✾ ✽ ✳ ✴ ✰ ❀ s
✥ ✙ ✰ ✹ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✰ ✸ ✘ ✸ ✘ ✿ s ♣ ◗ ✘ ✰ ✵ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✾ ✥ ✿ ✸ ✘ ❛ ✵ ❂ ✳ ① ❘ ❙ ② ❚
✥ ✘ ✙ ③ ❘ ✥ ❄ ✳ ✾ ✸ ❀ ✥ ✹ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✥ ✘ ❛ ❅ ✿ ✥ ✹ ✴ ✸ ✸ ✹ ✙ ✰ ✘ ✥ ✵ ✳ ✾ s ✾ ✵ ✳ ✻
✥ ✹ ✳ ✙ ✳ ✘ ✸ ✵ ✳ ✙ ❱ s
❲
❼
❙
❳
❨
✥ ✘ ✙
❩
❬
❙ ✹ ✳ ✾ ✽ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✰ ✲ ✳ ✿ s ❙ ✥ ✾
✾ ❂ ✸ ✺ ✘ ✰ ✘
❭
✰ ❛ ♣
❪
♣
❫ ❴
✥
❵
♣
❜ ✰ ✘ ✴ ✳ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✾ ✳ ✥ ✹ ✳ ❅ ✘ ✰ ✵ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✾ ❙ ✺ ✳ ❂ ✥ ✲ ✳
❝
❞
❢
❝ ❣ ❝
❤
♠
❝ ❣ ❝
♥
♦
❝ ❣ q
❴ ❪
♣
❫ ❵
❇ ❂ ✳ ✾ ✳ ❅ ✘ ✰ ✵ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✾ ✥ ✹ ✳ ✽ ✳ ✹ ✽ ✳ ✘ ✙ ✰ ✴ ❅ ✿ ✥ ✹ ✵ ✸ ✳ ✥ ✴ ❂
✸ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✹ ♣ ❃ ✘ ✵ ❂ ✰ ✾ ✵ ✳ ❄ ✵ ❙ ✵ ❂ ✳ s ✥ ✹ ✳ ✽ ✹ ✰ ✘ ✵ ✳ ✙ ✰ ✘ ❱ ✸ ✿ ✙ ❀ ✥ ✴ ✳
✺ ✰ ✵ ❂ ✥ ✴ ✥ ✽
❴
✇
❵
✵ ✸ ✙ ✰ ✾ ✵ ✰ ✘ ❛ ❅ ✰ ✾ ❂ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✻ ❀ ✹ ✸ ✻ ✸ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✹
✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✾ ♣ ❜ ✰ ✘ ✴ ✳ ✺ ✳ ✥ ✹ ✳ ✙ ✳ ✥ ✿ ✰ ✘ ❛ ✺ ✰ ✵ ❂ ✻ ✸ ✵ ✰ ✸ ✘ ✰ ✘ ✵ ✺ ✸
✙ ✰ ✻ ✳ ✘ ✾ ✰ ✸ ✘ ✾ ✰ ✘ ✵ ❂ ✰ ✾ ✴ ❂ ✥ ✽ ✵ ✳ ✹ ❙ ✺ ✳ ✹ ✳
r
❅ ✰ ✹ ✳ ❅ ✾ ✳ ✸ ❀
✸ ✘ ✿ s ✵ ✺ ✸ ❅ ✘ ✰ ✵ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✾ ♣ ❃ ❀ ✺ ✳ ✻ ❅ ✿ ✵ ✰ ✽ ✿ s ✥ ❅ ✘ ✰ ✵ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ❙
✾ ✥ s t ❱ s ✥ ✾ ✴ ✥ ✿ ✥ ✹ ❙ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✹ ✳ ✾ ❅ ✿ ✵ ✰ ✾ ✥ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹
✉✉ ✉
✉
❣ ✈
④
♣ ❃ ✘ ❛ ✳ ✘ ✳ ✹ ✥ ✿ ❙ ✥ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ⑤ ✴ ✥ ✘ ❱ ✳ ✺ ✹ ✰ ✵ ✵ ✳ ✘ ✥ ✾
⑤ ❣
⑥
⑤
⑥
⑦
❴ ❪
♣ q
⑧ ❵
✺ ❂ ✳ ✹ ✳
⑨
✰ ✾ ✥ ❅ ✘ ✰ ✵ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✥ ✿ ✸ ✘ ❛ ⑤ ♣
⑩ ✳ ✴ ✥ ✘ ✘ ✸ ✺ ✹ ✳ ✾ ✸ ✿ ✲ ✳ ✥ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ⑤ ✰ ✘ ✵ ✳ ✹ ✻ ✾
✸ ❀ ✴ ✸ ✻ ✽ ✸ ✘ ✳ ✘ ✵ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✾ ✵ ❂ ✥ ✵ ✿ ✰ ✳ ✥ ✿ ✸ ✘ ❛ ❅ ✘ ✰ ✵ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✾
❶
❷
✥ ✘ ✙
❸
❹
♣ ❺ ✸ ✘ ✾ ✰ ✙ ✳ ✹ ✥ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ⑤ ✵ ❂ ✥ ✵ ✿ ✰ ✳ ✾ ✰ ✘ ① ❚ ②
✽ ✿ ✥ ✘ ✳ ✥ ✾ ✾ ❂ ✸ ✺ ✘ ✰ ✘
❭
✰ ❛ ♣
❪
♣
❫ ❴
❱
❵
♣ ⑩ ✳ ✙ ✹ ✥ ✺ ✿ ✰ ✘ ✳ ✾ ❀ ✹ ✸ ✻
✵ ❂ ✳ ❂ ✳ ✥ ✙ ✸ ❀ ⑤ ✽ ✳ ✹ ✽ ✳ ✘ ✙ ✰ ✴ ❅ ✿ ✥ ✹ ✵ ✸ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✴ ✸ ✸ ✹ ✙ ✰ ✘ ✥ ✵ ✳
✥ ❄ ✳ ✾ ✥ ✾ ✰ ✘
❭
✰ ❛ ♣
❪
♣
❫ ❴
❱
❵
❙ ✥ ✘ ✙ ❛ ✳ ✵ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✾ ⑤
❻
✥ ✘ ✙ ⑤
❽
✾ ❅ ✴ ❂ ✵ ❂ ✥ ✵ ⑤
❻
❾ ⑤
❽
❣ ⑤ ♣ ❜ ✰ ✘ ✴ ✳ ⑤
❻
✰ ✾ ✽ ✥ ✹ ✥ ✿ ✿ ✳ ✿ ✵ ✸
❿
➀
✥ ✘ ✙ ⑤
❽
✰ ✾ ✽ ✥ ✹ ✥ ✿ ✿ ✳ ✿ ✵ ✸
❸
❹
❙ ✺ ✳ ❂ ✥ ✲ ✳ ◆
⑤
❻
❣
➁
➂
❿
➀
❙ ⑤
❽
❣
➁
➃
➄
➅
❴ ❪
♣ q q
❵
✺ ❂ ✳ ✹ ✳
➁
➂
✥ ✘ ✙
➁
➃
✥ ✹ ✳ ✹ ✳ ✥ ✿ ✘ ❅ ✻ ❱ ✳ ✹ ✾ ♣
❇ ❂ ❅ ✾ ❙ ⑤ ❣
➁
➂
❿
➀
❾
➁
➃
➄
➅
❴ ❪
♣ q ➆
❵
❇ ❂ ✰ ✾ ✰ ✾ ✹ ✳ ✽ ✹ ✳ ✾ ✳ ✘ ✵ ✳ ✙ ✰ ✘
❭
✰ ❛ ♣
❪
♣
❫ ❴
✴
❵
♣ ❇ ❂ ✳
r
❅ ✥ ✘ ✵ ✰ ✵ ✰ ✳ ✾
➁
➂
✥ ✘ ✙
➁
➃
✥ ✹ ✳ ✴ ✥ ✿ ✿ ✳ ✙ ① ❚ ❙ ✥ ✘ ✙ ② ❚ ✴ ✸ ✻ ✽ ✸ ✘ ✳ ✘ ✵ ✾ ✸ ❀ ✵ ❂ ✳
✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ⑤ ♣ ➇✸ ✵ ✳ ✵ ❂ ✥ ✵
➁
➂
✰ ✾ ✰ ✵ ✾ ✳ ✿ ❀ ✘ ✸ ✵ ✥ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ❙ ❱ ❅ ✵
➁
➂
❿
➀
✰ ✾ ✥ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ❙ ✥ ✘ ✙ ✾ ✸ ✰ ✾
➁
➃
➄
➅ ♣ ◗ ✾ ✰ ✘ ❛ ✾ ✰ ✻ ✽ ✿ ✳
✵ ✹ ✰ ❛ ✸ ✘ ✸ ✻ ✳ ✵ ✹ s ❙ ✺ ✳ ✴ ✥ ✘ ✳ ❄ ✽ ✹ ✳ ✾ ✾
➁
➂
✥ ✘ ✙
➁
➃
✰ ✘ ✵ ✳ ✹ ✻ ✾
✸ ❀ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✻ ✥ ❛ ✘ ✰ ✵ ❅ ✙ ✳ ✸ ❀ ⑤ ✥ ✘ ✙ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✥ ✘ ❛ ✿ ✳
➈
✰ ✵ ✻ ✥
➉
✳ ✾
✺ ✰ ✵ ❂ ✵ ❂ ✳ ① ❘ ✥ ❄ ✰ ✾ ◆
➁
➂
❣
➁
✴ ✸ ✾
➈
➁
➃
❣
➁
✾ ✰ ✘
➈ ❴ ❪
♣ q
➊ ❵
❖ ✾ ✰ ✾ ✴ ✿ ✳ ✥ ✹ ❀ ✹ ✸ ✻ ➋
r
♣
❴ ❪
♣ q
➊ ❵
❙ ✥ ✴ ✸ ✻ ✽ ✸ ✘ ✳ ✘ ✵ ✸ ❀ ✥
✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✴ ✥ ✘ ❱ ✳ ✽ ✸ ✾ ✰ ✵ ✰ ✲ ✳ ❙ ✘ ✳ ❛ ✥ ✵ ✰ ✲ ✳ ✸ ✹ ➌ ✳ ✹ ✸
✙ ✳ ✽ ✳ ✘ ✙ ✰ ✘ ❛ ✸ ✘ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✲ ✥ ✿ ❅ ✳ ✸ ❀
➈
♣
➇✸ ✺ ❙ ✺ ✳ ❂ ✥ ✲ ✳ ✵ ✺ ✸ ✺ ✥ s ✾ ✵ ✸ ✾ ✽ ✳ ✴ ✰ ❀ s ✥ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✸ ✹ ⑤
✰ ✘ ✥ ✽ ✿ ✥ ✘ ✳ ♣ ❃ ✵ ✴ ✥ ✘ ❱ ✳ ✾ ✽ ✳ ✴ ✰ ❀ ✰ ✳ ✙ ❱ s ◆
❴
✰
❵
✰ ✵ ✾ ✻ ✥ ❛ ✘ ✰ ✵ ❅ ✙ ✳
➁
✥ ✘ ✙ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✙ ✰ ✹ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✰ ✸ ✘ ➍ ✰ ✵ ✻ ✥
➉
✳ ✾
✺ ✰ ✵ ❂ ✵ ❂ ✳ ① ❘ ✥ ❄ ✰ ✾ ➎ ✸ ✹
❴
✰ ✰
❵
✰ ✵ ✾ ✴ ✸ ✻ ✽ ✸ ✘ ✳ ✘ ✵ ✾
➁
➂
✥ ✘ ✙
➁
➃
❃ ❀ ❖ ✥ ✘ ✙ ➍ ✥ ✹ ✳ ❛ ✰ ✲ ✳ ✘ ❙
➁
➂
✥ ✘ ✙
➁
➃
✴ ✥ ✘ ❱ ✳ ✸ ❱ ✵ ✥ ✰ ✘ ✳ ✙
❅ ✾ ✰ ✘ ❛ ➋
r
♣
❴ ❪
♣ q
➊ ❵
♣ ❃ ❀
➁
➂
✥ ✘ ✙
➁
➃
✥ ✹ ✳ ❛ ✰ ✲ ✳ ✘ ❙
➁
✥ ✘ ✙
➈
✴ ✥ ✘ ❱ ✳ ✸ ❱ ✵ ✥ ✰ ✘ ✳ ✙ ✥ ✾ ❀ ✸ ✿ ✿ ✸ ✺ ✾ ◆
✫ ✫ ✫ ✫
➏
➐
➑
➐ ➐ ➐ ➐ ➐
➒ ➓ ➒✯ ➔ → → ➣ ↔↕ ↕
❣
➁
➙
➛ ✹ ❙
➜ ➜ ➜
➏
➐
➑
➐
➝ ➞
❴ ❪
♣ q
❪ ❵
❖ ✘ ✙
➟ ➠ ➡ ➟ ➠ ➡
➢
➢
➤
➢
➢
➥
➦
➧
➥
➦
➨ ➨➩ ➩
➫
❴ ❪
♣ q ➭
❵
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎ ✄ ✞ ✼ ✟
✠
❇ ✡ ❥❂ ☛☞ ☞
① ✌
✍ ✍
▲ ✎ ✏ ❘ ❜ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✙ ✎
❘ ✚ ❆ ✥ ✛
✭ ✜ ✭ ✜
✢ ✣ ✣ ✣✤ ✤ ✦ ✦
✧ ★ ✧ ★
✩ ✩ ✩ ✩
✐ ✪ ✐ ✪
✫ ✬ ✗ ✮ ✯ ❡ ✰
❙ ✒ ✱ ✲ ✎ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓ ✔ ✳ ❜ ✎ ✴ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✲ ✳ ✖ ✖ ✕ ✏ ❡ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✎ ❡ ✱ ✵
❡ ✔ ✔ ✳ ✲ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✎
❛
❡
✶
✔
✷ ✶
✎ ✲ ❡ ✱ ❡ ✓ ✓ ❡ ✱
✸
✎ ❡ ✱ ✵ ✓ ✎
✸
✓ ✳ ✕
✹
✏ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✱
t ✺
✗ ✫ ✬ ✗ ✮ ✯ ❡ ✰ ❡ ✔ ✲ ✳ ✱ ✙ ✎ ✱ ✒ ✎ ✱ ✏ ✏ ✳ ✕ ✔
✻
✽ ✾
✿ ❀
❁ ❃ ❄❅ ❈ ❈ ❈❉ ❊ ❉ ❊
✧ ✧ ★ ★
❋ ❋
✫ ✬ ✗ ✮ ✯ ❜ ✰
❙ ✒ ✱ ✲ ✎ ● ❍ ■❏ ❑◆ ◆
❖ P
◗ ◗
✫ ✬ ✗ ❚ ❯ ✰
✶
✎ ✑ ❡ ✙ ✎
✷
❱ ❱ ❱ ② ② ②
❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❲ ❳ ❨❬ ❭ ❬ ❭
✫ ✬ ✗ ❚ ✮ ✰
❪ ✑ ✕ ✔
✷
✎ ❡ ✲ ✑ ✲ ✳ ✖
✹
✳ ✱ ✎ ✱ ✏ ✳ ❫ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✔ ✕
❛
✏ ❡ ✱ ✏
✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓ ❘ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✳ ❫ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✲ ✳ ✓ ✓ ✎ ✔
✹
✳ ✱ ✵ ✒ ✱
✸
✲ ✳ ✖
✹
✳ ✱ ✎ ✱ ✏ ✔ ✳ ❫ ❆ ❡ ✱ ✵ ✛ ✗
❴
✱ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✎ ✵ ✒ ✖ ✎ ✱ ✔ ✒ ✳ ✱ ✔
✷ ✶
✎ ✑ ❡ ✙ ✎
❵
❍ ■
❦
❏ ❑ ❑
❝ ❝ ❝
❖ P
③
◗ ◗ ◗
❞ ❍ ■
❦
❏ ❑ ❑❢ ❢ ❢
❖ P
③
◗ ◗ ◗
●
❵
❞ ❍ ■
❦
❏ ❑ ❏ ❑ ❑◆ ◆ ◆
❖ P
③
◗ ◗ ◗
✶
✒ ✏ ✑
❣ ❤ ❧
♠ ♠ ♠
♥ ♦
◆
❝
❢
P P P
❏ ❑
❣ ❤ ❧
♣ ♣ ♣
♥ ♦
✫ ✬ ✗ ❚ ❚ ✰
❪ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✳ ✵ ✲ ❡ ✱ ❜ ✎ ✎
q
✏ ✎ ✱ ✵ ✎ ✵ ✏ ✳ ❡ ✵ ✵ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✳ ✱ ❡ ✱ ✵
✔ ✕ ❜ ✏ ✓ ❡ ✲ ✏ ✒ ✳ ✱ ✳ ❫ ❡ ✱ ✴ ✱ ✕ ✖ ❜ ✎ ✓ ✳ ❫ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓ ✔ ✗
s
✳ ✓
✎
q
❡ ✖
✹ ❛
✎
✷
✒ ❫ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓ ✔
r ✷ ✉
❡ ✱ ✵
✈
❡ ✓ ✎
✸
✒ ✙ ✎ ✱ ❡ ✔
✇ ❍ ■
❦
❏ ❑ ❑④ ④ ④
❖ P
③
◗ ◗ ◗
⑤
❍ ■
❦
❏ ❑ ❑
⑥ ⑥ ⑥
❖ P
③
◗ ◗ ◗
⑦
❍ ■
❦
❏ ❑ ❑
⑧ ⑧ ⑧
❖ P
③
◗ ◗ ◗
✫ ✬ ✗ ❚
⑨
❡ ✰
✏ ✑ ✎ ✱
✷
❡ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓
⑩
✚
r
✥
✉ ❶ ✈
✑ ❡ ✔ ✲ ✳ ✖
✹
✳ ✱ ✎ ✱ ✏ ✔
✻
❷ ❸ ❹ ❺
❻ ❻ ❻ ❻
❼ ❽ ❾
❿
④
⑥ ⑧
P P P P
❏ ❑
➀
✫ ✬ ✗ ❚
⑨
❜ ✰
➁ ➂ ➃ ➄
♣ ♣ ♣ ♣
♥ ♦ ➅
✗
➆ ➇ ➈ ➉ ➊ ➋ ➌ ➍ ➎ ➏ s
✒ ✱ ✵ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✖ ❡
✸
✱ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✵ ✎ ❡ ✱ ✵
✵ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✒ ✳ ✱ ✳ ❫ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✔ ✕
❛
✏ ❡ ✱ ✏ ✳ ❫ ✏
✶
✳ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓ ✔ ❆
❡ ✱ ✵ ✛ ✒ ✱ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✳ ❫ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✖ ❡
✸
✱ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✵ ✎ ✔ ❡ ✱ ✵
❡ ✱
✸ ❛
✎
➐
❜ ✎ ✏
✶
✎ ✎ ✱ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✖ ✗
➑ ➒ ➓ ➔ →➔➣ ↔ ↕ ➙ ➛ ➜ ➝ ➞ ➟ ➠ ➡ ➢ ➡ ➝ ➤➠ ➥ ➜ ➝ ➦ ➧ ➨ ➟ ➠ ➞ ➠ ➩ ➫ ➠ ➨ ➝ ➨ ➟ ➤ ➭ ➥ ➠ ➨ ➯
➲➳ ➵ ➸ ➳ ➵ ➭ ➨ ➦ ➺ ➳ ➭ ➲➝ ➤
➻ ➼
➠➟➝ ➟
➽
➭ ➟ ➭ ➨ ➯ ➥ ➝ ➤
➾
➵
➚
➵ ➭ ➨ ➦
➪
➭ ➡ ➝ ➭ ➨ ➯ ➥ ➝ ➤ ➧ ➨ ➤➫ ➭ ➞ ➝
➶ ➹ ➽
➝ ➸ ➭ ➡ ➝
➘
➝➟
➴
➝➝ ➨ ➫ ➭ ➧ ➡ ➤ ➠
➷
➥ ➧ ➨ ➝ ➤ ➵
➴➽
➧ ➞
➽
➭ ➡ ➝ ➨ ➠➟ ➞ ➠ ➫ ➥ ➭ ➨ ➭ ➡
➶
❙ ✳ ❫ ❡ ✓
✶
✎ ✑ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✳ ✱ ✔ ✒ ✵ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✵ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓
❛
✴ ✒ ✱
✸
✒ ✱
❡ ✱ ➬ ➮ ➱
✹ ❛
❡ ✱ ✎ ✗ ❪ ✑ ✎ ✔ ❡ ✖ ✎
✹
✓ ✳ ✲ ✎ ✵ ✕ ✓ ✎ ✲ ❡ ✱ ❜ ✎ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✵
✏ ✳ ✓ ✎ ✔ ✳
❛
✙ ✎ ❡
✸
✎ ✱ ✎ ✓ ❡
❛
✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓ ❆ ✒ ✱ ✏ ✳ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✎
✲ ✳ ✖
✹
✳ ✱ ✎ ✱ ✏ ✔ ❡
❛
✳ ✱
✸
➬ ➮
✷
➱ ➮ ✃ ❡ ✱ ✵ ❐ ❒ ❡
q
✎ ✔ ✒ ✱ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✎
✵ ✒ ✖ ✎ ✱ ✔ ✒ ✳ ✱ ✔ ✗
❴
❫ ❮
✷
❰
✷
❡ ✱ ✵ Ï ❡ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✎ ❡ ✱
✸ ❛
✎ ✔ ➻
❜ ✎ ✏
✶
✎ ✎ ✱ ❆ ❡ ✱ ✵ ✏ ✑ ✎ ➬ ❒
✷
➱ ❒
✷
❡ ✱ ✵ ❐ ❒ ❡
q
✎ ✔
✷
✓ ✎ ✔
✹
✎ ✲ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✎
❛
✴
s
✒
✸
✗ ✬ ✗ ✯ ✫ ✵ ✰
✷ ✶
✎ ✑ ❡ ✙ ✎
↔ ↕ ➙
Ð Ñ Ò
Ó Ó Ô Õ Ö × Ó Ó Ô Õ Ö × Ó Ó Ô Õ ÖØ Ù Ú❬ ❬ ❬
✫ ✬ ✗ ✮
Û
❡ ✰
❴
✱
✸
✎ ✱ ✎ ✓ ❡
❛ ✷ ✶
✎ ✑ ❡ ✙ ✎
Ü Ü Ü
Ý Þ ß
à à àá â âã ä å æ
✫ ✬ ✗ ✮
Û
❜ ✰
❪ ✑ ✎ ✖ ❡
✸
✱ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✵ ✎ ✳ ❫ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓ ❆ ✒ ✔
ç çè
é ê ë
❝ ❝ ❝ ❝
❏ ❑ ❑
✫ ✬ ✗ ✮
Û
✲ ✰
ì ✹
✳ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✳ ✱ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓
í
✲ ❡ ✱ ❜ ✎ ✎
q ✹
✓ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✎ ✵ ❡ ✔
î ï ð ñò ó óô õ ö
÷ ÷ ÷
✫ ✬ ✗ ✮ ø ✰
✶
✑ ✎ ✓ ✎ ➬ ✃ ➱
✷
❡ ✱ ✵ ❐ ❡ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✲ ✳ ✖
✹
✳ ✱ ✎ ✱ ✏ ✔ ✳ ❫
í
❡
❛
✳ ✱
✸
➬ ➮ ✃ ➱ ➮ ✃ ❐ ➮ ❡
q
✎ ✔
✷
✓ ✎ ✔
✹
✎ ✲ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✎
❛
✴ ✗
ù ú û ü ý þ ⑩ ÿ
❘ ❆
❱ ❱   ⑩   ÿ ✁ ✂
❆
✁
❆
✄ ☎ ⑩   þ
❆
✄
▼
ý ⑩
✆
ÿ ❱
ì ❛
✏ ✑ ✳ ✕
✸
✑ ✏ ✑ ✎
✸
✓ ❡
✹
✑ ✒ ✲ ❡
❛
✖ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✳ ✵ ✳ ❫ ❡ ✵ ✵ ✒ ✱
✸
✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓ ✔
✑ ✎
❛ ✹
✔ ✕ ✔ ✒ ✱ ✙ ✒ ✔ ✕ ❡
❛
✒ ✔ ✒ ✱
✸
✏ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✱ ✵ ✏ ✑ ✎
✓ ✎ ✔ ✕
❛
✏ ❡ ✱ ✏ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓
✷
✒ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✔ ✳ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✖ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✵ ✒ ✳ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✱ ✵ ✑ ❡ ✔
❛
✒ ✖ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✵ ❡ ✲ ✲ ✕ ✓ ❡ ✲ ✴ ✗
❴
✏ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✕ ✲ ✑ ✎ ❡ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✏ ✳ ❡ ✵ ✵ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓ ✔
❜ ✴ ✲ ✳ ✖ ❜ ✒ ✱ ✒ ✱
✸
✏ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✓ ✎ ✔
✹
✎ ✲ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✳ ✖
✹
✳ ✱ ✎ ✱ ✏ ✔ ✗
❈
✳ ✱ ✔ ✒ ✵ ✎ ✓ ✏
✶
✳ ✙ ✎ ✲ ✏ ✳ ✓ ✔ ❆ ❡ ✱ ✵ ✛ ✒ ✱ ➬ ❒ ➱
✹ ❛
❡ ✱ ✎
✶
✒ ✏ ✑
✲ ✳ ✖
✹
✳ ✱ ✎ ✱ ✏ ✔ ❆
①
✷
❆
②
❡ ✱ ✵ ❇
①
✷
❇
②
✻
✝
✡ ❥❂ ☛
✞ ✞
① ✌
✍ ✍
✫ ✬ ✗ ✮ ✭ ✰
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✼ ✆
✝
❋ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡✠☛ ☞
❆ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✓ ❖ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ❖ Q ✘ ✒ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✒ ✤ ✓ ✢ ✘ ✚
✦
✕ ✖ ✗
❇ ✧
✕
★ ✩
✖
✪
✕ ✖ ✕ ✖
✪ ✫
✒
✬ ✭ ✮ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✯ ✴
✛ ✒ ✖
✵
✉
✚
✩
✖
✪
✓ ✛ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✘ ✕
✫ ✫
✒
✫
✢
✪
✘ ✕
✧ ✧
✒ ✓ ✛ ✢ ✗ ✢
✶
✣ ✒ ✤ ✓ ✢ ✘
✕ ✗ ✗
✩
✓
✩
✢ ✖
✵
❖
✷
✘ ✒ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✚ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✚
✉ ✫
✓ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✣ ✒ ✤ ✓ ✢ ✘
❘ ✿
❘
❂
✦
✸
❇
❙ ✹ ✩
✚ ✖ ✢ ✘
✧
✕
✫
✓ ✢
✺ ✻
✕ ✖ ✗
✻ ✽ ✩
✚ ✖ ✢ ✘
✧
✕
✫
✓ ✢
✺ ❙ ✯
✮
✘ ✢
✧
✓ ✛ ✒
✪
✒ ✢
✧
✒ ✓ ✘ ✾ ✢
✶
✓ ✛ ✒
✶ ✩ ✪ ✉
✘ ✒
✵
✺ ❙
❀
❂
✺ ✹
❀
✸
❙ ✹
❀
❜
✉
✓
✺ ✹
❂
✺ ✻
✸
✻ ✹
❂ ❁ ✸ ❃ ✤ ✢ ✚
✬
❙ ✹
❂ ❃ ✚
✩
✖
✬
✺ ❙
❀
❂
✭
❁ ✸ ❃ ✤ ✢ ✚
✬ ✳
❄
✸
✭
❃ ✚
✩
✖
✬ ✳
❄
✢ ✘
✵ ❅
❀
❂ ❁
❀
✸ ❃
❀
✸
❈
❁ ❃ ✤ ✢ ✚
✬
❉ ❊ ● ❍ ❊ ●
■ ■
❏ ❑ ❑ ❝ ▲ s ▼
✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰
✕
✳
◆
✖
◗ ❚ ❯ ❱ ✵ ❙ ✹
❂
✺ ❙
✚
✩
✖
❲
❂
❅
✚
✩
✖
❲ ❳
✕ ✖ ✗
✩
✖
◗ ❨ ❯ ❱✵ ❙ ✹
❂
✻ ❙
✚
✩
✖
✬
❂ ❃ ✚
✩
✖
✬
✴
✛ ✒ ✘ ✒
✶
✢ ✘ ✒
✵ ❅
✚
✩
✖
❲
❂ ❃ ✚
✩
✖
✬
✢ ✘
✵
❩ ❬
❭❪❫ ❭❪❫❴ ❵
❛
✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰
❜
✳
❯ ✩ ✧ ✩ ✫
✕ ✘
✫
✾
✵
❨
❞ ❂ ❁ ✚
✩
✖
❲
❂ ❃ ✚
✩
✖ ❡
✢ ✘
✵
❢ ❣
❤ ✐❥ ❤ ✐❥❦ ❧
♠
✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰
✤
✳
♥ ✢
✧
❜
✩
✖
✩
✖
✪
♦ ♣ ✚
✯ ✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰
❜
✳
✕ ✖ ✗
✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰
✤
✳ ✵
✜ ✒
✪
✒ ✓
q r
t ✈ ✇ t ✈ ✇ t ✈ ✇① ② ③
④ ④
⑤
✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰
✗
✳
⑥ ✚
✩
✖
✪
♦ ♣
✯ ✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰
✗
✳ ✵
✜ ✒
✪
✒ ✓
✿
⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨⑩ ❶❷
❸
❹
✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰
✒
✳
✜ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✒
❅ ✩
✚
✪ ✩
✣ ✒ ✖ ❜ ✾ ♦ ♣
✯ ✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰
✕
✳ ✯
✢ ✘
✵
❺ ❻ ❼
❽ ❾ ❼
❿ ➀
❺
➁ ➂ ➃
➄ ➅ ➅
➂
➆
➃
➇
➈
➇
➉ ➉
➊ ➊
✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰ ✶ ✳
♦ ♣
✉
✕ ✓
✩
✢ ✖
✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰
✕
✳ ✪ ✩
✣ ✒ ✚ ✓ ✛ ✒
✧
✕
✪
✖
✩
✓
✉
✗ ✒ ✢
✶
✓ ✛ ✒
✘ ✒ ✚
✉ ✫
✓ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✗ ♦ ♣ ✚
✯ ✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰
✒
✳
✕ ✖ ✗
✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰ ✶ ✳ ✩
✓ ✚ ✗
✩
✘ ✒ ✤ ✓
✩
✢ ✖
✯
♦ ♣
✉
✕ ✓
✩
✢ ✖
✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰
✕
✳ ✩
✚
★
✖ ✢ ✜ ✖ ✕ ✚ ✓ ✛ ✒
➋ ➌ ➍ ➎ ➏ ➐ ➎ ➑ ➒ ➓ ➔ ➑
✕ ✖ ✗ ♦ ♣
✯ ✭ ✰ ✯ ❈ ✰
✗
✳
✕ ✚ ✓ ✛ ✒
➋ ➌ ➍ ➎ ➏ ➑ ➒ ➓ ➔ ➑ ✯ →
➣ ↔ ↕ ➙ ➛ ➜ ✏ ➝ ➞ ➟ ➠
✧
✢ ✓ ✢ ✘ ❜ ✢ ✕ ✓
✩
✚ ✘ ✕ ✤
✩
✖
✪
✓ ✢ ✜ ✕ ✘ ✗ ✚ ✖ ✢ ✘ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✓
❈
➡
★ ✧
➢ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✜ ✕ ✓ ✒ ✘
✤
✉
✘ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✓
✩
✖ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✓ ✘ ✒
✪ ✩
✢ ✖
✩
✚
✱ ✲ ★ ✧
➢ ✛
✩
✖ ✓ ✛ ✒
✗
✩
✘ ✒ ✤ ✓
✩
✢ ✖ ✢
✶
➤
✲
➥ ✒ ✕ ✚ ✓ ✢
✶
✚ ✢
✉
✓ ✛
✯ ✮ ✩
✖ ✗ ✓ ✛ ✒
✘ ✒ ✚
✉ ✫
✓ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✣ ✒
✫
✢ ✤
✩
✓ ✾ ✢
✶
✓ ✛ ✒ ❜ ✢ ✕ ✓
✯
❆ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑
✴
✛ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✤ ✓ ✢ ✘ ➦
➧
✘ ✒ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✓
✩
✖
✪
✓ ✛ ✒ ✣ ✒
✫
✢ ✤
✩
✓ ✾
✢
✶
✓ ✛ ✒
✧
✢ ✓ ✢ ✘ ❜ ✢ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✤ ✓ ✢ ✘ ➦
➨
✘ ✒ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✓
✩
✖
✪
✓ ✛ ✒ ✜ ✕ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✤
✉
✘ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✜ ✖
✩
✖
✮ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✱ ✱ ✩
✖
✗
✩
✘ ✒ ✤ ✓
✩
✢ ✖ ✚ ✚ ✙ ✒ ✤
✩ ✶ ✩
✒ ✗ ❜ ✾ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✙ ✘ ✢ ❜
✫
✒
✧ ✯
⑥ ✚
✩
✖
✪
✓ ✛ ✒
✙ ✕ ✘ ✕
✫ ✫
✒
✫
✢
✪
✘ ✕
✧ ✧
✒ ✓ ✛ ✢ ✗ ✢
✶
✕ ✗ ✗
✩
✓
✩
✢ ✖
✵
✓ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✚
✉ ✫
✓ ✕ ✖ ✓
❘ ✩
✚ ✢ ❜ ✓ ✕
✩
✖ ✒ ✗
✩
✖ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✗
✩
✘ ✒ ✤ ✓
✩
✢ ✖ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✜ ✖
✩
✖ ✓ ✛ ✒
✶ ✩ ✪ ✉
✘ ✒
✯
❋ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠☛☛
➩
✒ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✢ ❜ ✓ ✕
✩
✖ ✓ ✛ ✒
✧
✕
✪
✖
✩
✓
✉
✗ ✒ ✢
✶ ❘ ✉
✚
✩
✖
✪
✓ ✛ ✒ ✥ ✕ ✜
✢
✶
✤ ✢ ✚
✩
✖ ✒
✿
➫ ➭ ➭ ➭ ➭➯
➲
➳
➵
➳
➲ ➵
➸ ➺ ➻ ➼ ➽ ➸ ➾➚ ➚
➪
➶ ➹ ➘ ➴ ➷ ➹ ➹ ➘ ➴ ➷ ➬ ➴ ➮ ➹ ➹ ➹ ➱ ✃ ➮ ❐
❒ ❒
❮ ❮ × ×
❰ Ï
Ð
✴
✢ ✢ ❜ ✓ ✕
✩
✖ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✗
✩
✘ ✒ ✤ ✓
✩
✢ ✖
✵
✜ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✙
✫
✾ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✥ ✕ ✜ ✢
✶
✚
✩
✖ ✒ ✚
Ñ Ò
Ó
Ô Õ Ö Ô Õ ÖØ Ù
Ú
✢ ✘
✵
⑦ ⑧ ⑨ Û ❶❷
Ü
❹
Ý
⑦ ⑧ ⑨
Þ
ß à á â ã ß ä à
ä ß å æ
ß à ç
ä ä ß å æ
à å ç
è é
ê
Þ
ê
ë
ì
Û
í î ï ð ñ
ò
→
ó ô õ ö ❖ ÷ ø ❖ ù ø ù
✦
✔
➋ ✦
ùú
◆
✖ ✓ ✛
✩
✚ ✚ ✒ ✤ ✓
✩
✢ ✖ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✛ ✕
✫ ✫
✚ ✒ ✒ ✛ ✢ ✜ ✓ ✢ ✗ ✒ ✚ ✤ ✘
✩
❜ ✒
✧
✢ ✓
✩
✢ ✖
✩
✖ ✓ ✜ ✢ ✗
✩ ✧
✒ ✖ ✚
✩
✢ ✖ ✚
✉
✚
✩
✖
✪
✣ ✒ ✤ ✓ ✢ ✘ ✚
✯
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎ ✄ ✞ ✼ ✟
✹ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☛ P ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✏ ✑ ❡ ✒ ✎☞ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✗ ✘ ✔ ✒ ❡ ✙ ❡ ✏ ✎
❚ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✧ ✛ ★ ✥ ✢ ✩
✓
✢ ✪ ✫ ✜ ✫ ✩ ✥ ✤ ★ ✬ ✛ ✭ ✬ ✢ ★ ✫ ✥ ✛ ❧ ✤ ✦ ✫
✜ ✬ ✫ ✦ ✛ ♣ ✤ ✥ ✚ ✩ ✛ ✪ ✛ ✩ ✛ ✦ ★ ✛ ✥ ✢ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✩ ✤ ✮ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✪ ✫ ✦ ① ✯ ✰
✩ ✛ ✪ ✛ ✩ ✛ ✦ ★ ✛ ✪ ✩ ✫ r ✛ ✱ ✲ ✤ ✮ ✳ ✴ ✳ ✵ ✶ ✷ ✤ ✣ ✮ ✤ ✧ ✛ ✦ ✸ ✺
✻ ✽ ❥❂ ✾✿ ❀
❁ ❁
♣ ✚ ✛ ✩ ✛ ① ✫ ✦ ❧ ✰ ✫ ✩ ✛ ★ ✢ r ✜ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✣ ✢ ✪
✓
✫ ✬ ✢ ✦ ✮ ①
❃ ❄
✫ ✦ ❧
✰
❃
✫
❅
✛ ✣ ✢ ✩ ✣ ✤ r ✜ ✬ ✺ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✺ ✫ ✩ ✛ ✥ ✚ ✛ ★ ✢ ✢ ✩ ❧ ✤ ✦ ✫ ✥ ✛ ✣ ✢ ✪
✥ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✸
t
✛ ★ ✥ ✳
❆ ❇ ❈
❆ ❉ ❈
❋ ❊ ● ❍ ■❍❏ ❑ ❆ ❇ ❈ ▲ ◆❖◗ ❘◗ ◆❙ ❯❱❲ ❘ ◆❳ ❨ ❩ ❆ ❉ ❈ ❬ ◗ ❖❭ ❪ ❫ ❲ ❱ ❴❱ ❙ ❘ ❵ ❨ ❫ ❙ ❛
❫ ❯ ❱❳ ❫ ❜ ❱ ❯ ❱❪ ◆ ❲ ◗ ❘ ❝ ✈ ◆ ♦ ❫ ❭ ❫ ❳ ❘ ◗ ❲ ❪ ❱ ❩
❞ ❢ ✜ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✛ ✫ ✜ ✫ ✩ ✥ ✤ ★ ✬ ✛ r ✢ ✧ ✛ ✣ ✫ ✬ ✢ ✦ ✮ ✥ ✚ ✛ ★ ❢ ✩ ✧ ✛ ✣ ✚ ✢ ♣ ✦
✸ ✺ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✥ ✚ ✤ ★ ❣ ✬ ✤ ✦ ✛ ✫ ✦ ❧ ✤ ✣ ✫ ✥ ✭ ✫ ✥ ✥ ✤ r ✛ ❤ ✫ ✦ ❧ ✭ ✐ ✫ ✥
✥ ✤ r ✛ ❤ ✐
❦
✲ ✤ ✮ ✳ ✴ ✳ ✵ ✶ ✱ ✸ ✷
♠
✳ ❚ ✚ ✛ ✦
❄
✥ ✚ ✛ ❧ ✤ ✣ ✜ ✬ ✫ ★ ✛ r ✛ ✦ ✥ ✤ ✣
♥
q ✓ s ✓
✐
✉ ✓
✱ ✴ ✳ ✶
✇
✷
✫ ✦ ❧ ✤ ✣ ❧ ✤ ✩ ✛ ★ ✥ ✛ ❧ ✪ ✩ ✢ r ✭ ✥ ✢ ✭ ✐ ✳
② ✛ ★ ✫ ✦ ♣ ✩ ✤ ✥ ✛ ③ ④ ✳ ✱ ✴ ✳ ✶
✇
✷ ✤ ✦ ✫ ★ ✢ r ✜ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✪ ✢ ✩ r
♥
q ✓
⑤ ⑥ ⑤ ⑥
⑦ ⑧ ❾ ⑧⑨ ⑩ ❶ ⑩ ⑨
❷ ❷ ❷ ❷
❸ ❹ ❸ ❹ ❺
❻ ❼
❽ ❽
❿ ➀➁ ➁➂ ➃
♣ ✚ ✛ ✩ ✛
q
①
s
① ✐
✉
①
❄ q
✰
s
✰ ✐
✉
✰ ✱ ✴ ✳ ✶
➄
✷
✑ ❡ ✘ ☞ ✒ ✍ ✎
➅
❚ ✚ ✛ ✫ ✧ ✛ ✩ ✫ ✮ ✛ ✧ ✛ ✬ ✢ ★ ✤ ✥ ✺
➆ ➇
➈
✢ ✪ ✫ ✦ ✢ ✸
t
✛ ★ ✥ ✤ ✣ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✩ ✫ ✥ ✤ ✢
✢ ✪ ✥ ✚ ✛ ❧ ✤ ✣ ✜ ✬ ✫ ★ ✛ r ✛ ✦ ✥ ✫ ✦ ❧ ✥ ✚ ✛ ★ ✢ ✩ ✩ ✛ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✦ ❧ ✤ ✦ ✮ ✥ ✤ r ✛
✤ ✦ ✥ ✛ ✩ ✧ ✫ ✬
♥
✈
❨
➉ ➊
➉ ➊➋ ➋
➌
➋ ➌
❵
❵
❵ ❵
❵
❵
❵
❵
❵❘
➍
❝
❘
➍
❘
❝
❘
➎ ➎
➎ ➎
✱ ✴ ✳ ✶
➏
✷
➐
✩
❄
µ
➑
➒ ➓
➔ ➔
⑦ ⑧
→
❸ ❹
❞ ✤ ✦ ★ ✛
✈
❨
➋
❵
❵ ❘
❄
✥ ✚ ✛ ❧ ✤ ✩ ✛ ★ ✥ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✪ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✫ ✧ ✛ ✩ ✫ ✮ ✛ ✧ ✛ ✬ ✢ ★ ✤ ✥ ✺
✤ ✣ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✫ r ✛ ✫ ✣ ✥ ✚ ✫ ✥ ✢ ✪
q ✓
✱ ✲ ✤ ✮ ✳ ✴ ✳ ✵ ✶ ✷ ✳ ❚ ✚ ✛
➣ ❡ ✘ ☞ ✒ ✍ ✎
➅
✱ ✤ ✦ ✣ ✥ ✫ ✦ ✥ ✫ ✦ ✛ ✢ ❢ ✣ ✧ ✛ ✬ ✢ ★ ✤ ✥ ✺ ✷ ✤ ✣ ✮ ✤ ✧ ✛ ✦ ✸ ✺ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✬ ✤ r ✤ ✥ ✤ ✦ ✮
✧ ✫ ✬ ❢ ✛ ✢ ✪ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✫ ✧ ✛ ✩ ✫ ✮ ✛ ✧ ✛ ✬ ✢ ★ ✤ ✥ ✺ ✫ ✣ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✥ ✤ r ✛ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✛ ✩ ✧ ✫ ✬
✫ ✜ ✜ ✩ ✢ ✫ ★ ✚ ✛ ✣
↔
✛ ✩ ✢
♥
↕
➙ ➙
➛ ➛
➜
➝➞➟
➠ ➠
➡ ➢
➤
➤
➥
➦
➦
✱ ✴ ✳ ✶ ➧ ✷
❚ ✚ ✛ r ✛ ✫ ✦ ✤ ✦ ✮ ✢ ✪ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✬ ✤ r ✤ ✥ ✤ ✦ ✮ ✜ ✩ ✢ ★ ✛ ✣ ✣ ★ ✫ ✦ ✸ ✛ ✛ ✫ ✣ ✤ ✬ ✺
❢ ✦ ❧ ✛ ✩ ✣ ✥ ✢ ✢ ❧ ♣ ✤ ✥ ✚ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✬ ✜ ✢ ✪ ✲ ✤ ✮ ✴ ✳ ✵ ➨ ✱ ✫ ✷ ✥ ✢ ✱ ❧ ✷ ✳ ➩ ✦
✥ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✪ ✤ ✮ ❢ ✩ ✛ ✣
❄
✥ ✚ ✛ ✥ ✚ ✤ ★ ❣ ✬ ✤ ✦ ✛ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✩ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✣ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✫ ✥ ✚
✢ ✪ ✫ ✦ ✢ ✸
t
✛ ★ ✥
❄
♣ ✚ ✤ ★ ✚ ✤ ✣ ✫ ✥ ✭ ✫ ✥ ✥ ✤ r ✛ ❤ ✳ ✭
➫
❄
✭
➭
✫ ✦ ❧
✭
➯
✩ ✛ ✜ ✩ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✣ ✢ ✪ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✸
t
✛ ★ ✥ ✫ ✪ ✥ ✛ ✩
✥ ✤ r ✛ ✣ ➲ ❤
➫
❄
➲ ❤
➭
❄
✫ ✦ ❧ ➲ ❤
➯
✳ ➲
✓
➫
❄
➲
✓
➭
❄
✫ ✦ ❧ ➲
✓
➯
✫ ✩ ✛ ✥ ✚ ✛
❧ ✤ ✣ ✜ ✬ ✫ ★ ✛ r ✛ ✦ ✥ ✣ ✢ ✪ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✸
t
✛ ★ ✥ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✤ r ✛ ✣ ➲ ❤
➫
❄
➲❤
➭
❄
✫ ✦ ❧
❋ ❊ ● ❍ ■ ❍ ❏➳ ➵ ❖ ❘➸ ❱ ❘ ◗ ❴ ❱ ◗ ❙ ❘ ❱ ❳ ❯❫ ❪ ❵ ❘ ❫ ❭ ❭ ❳ ◆❫ ❲ ➸ ❱ ❖ ➺ ❱❳ ◆ ➻ ❘➸ ❱ ❫ ❯ ❱❳ ❫ ❜ ❱ ❯ ❱❪ ◆ ❲ ◗ ❘ ❝ ❫ ❭ ❭ ❳ ◆❫ ❲ ➸ ❱❖ ❘➸ ❱ ❯ ❱ ❪ ◆ ❲ ◗ ❘ ❝ ✈ ❩ ➼ ➸ ❱ ❛ ◗ ❳ ❱❲ ❘ ◗ ◆ ❙
◆ ♦
➽
◗ ❖ ❭ ❫ ❳ ❫ ❪ ❪ ❱❪ ❘ ◆ ❘➸ ❱ ❪ ◗ ❙ ❱ ❘❫ ❙ ❜ ❱❙ ❘ ❘◆ ❘ ➸ ❱ ❭ ❫ ❘➸ ❩
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✼ ✆
✠t
✸
✱ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✡ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✞ ✔ ✌ ✝ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✗ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✘ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✘ ✙ ✞
✍ ✞ ✎ ✕ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✏
✈
✌ ✟ ✟ ✓ ✕ ✥ ✖ ✌ ✖ ✗ ✌ ✙ ✚ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✛ ✘ ✜ ✱ ✛ ✢ ✜ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✛ ☛ ✜ ✗ ✕ ✝
☞ ✓ ✝ ✞ ✞ ✔ ✞ ☛ ✝ ✞ ✘ ✟ ✌ ✖ ✙ ✍ ✘ ✎ ✚ ✞ ✟ ✕ ✗ ✣ t ✱ ✌ ✑ ✞ ✑ ✣ t
✶
✱ ✣ t
✷
✱ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✣ t
✸
✱
✛ ✣ t
✶
❃ ✣ t
✷
❃ ✣ t
✸
✜ ✑ ✮ ✟ ✣ t
✤
✤ ✦ ✱ ✣ r
✤✤ ✦
✘ ✖ ✔ ✌ ✟ ✘ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✙ ☞ ✓ ✞ ☞ ✘ ✖ ✙ ✞ ✖ ☞ ☞ ✕ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✘ ☞ ✓ ❛ ✧ ✌ ✙ ✑ ★ ✑ ✩ ✪ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✭ ✑
✒ ✓ ✞ ✝ ✞ ✗ ✕ ✝ ✞ ✱
✫ ✬ ✯ ✰ ✲
r
✯ ✳ ✫✲ ✴ ✵ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✯ ✻ ✴ ✳ ✲ ✫ ✽ ✾ ✫ ✾ ✵ ✽ ✿ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✫
✴ ✵ ✫✬ ✯ ✿ ✾ ✫✬ ✴ ✹ ✾ ✵ ✴ ♦ ❀ ✯ ✳ ✫ ✲ ❁ ✫ ✾ ✵ ❂ ✯ ✵ ✫✲ ✾ ✻ ✫ ✴ ✫ ✬ ✯
✿ ✾ ✫✬ ✾ ✫ ✫ ✬ ✾ ✫ ✿ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✫ ✾ ✵ ✰ ✲ ❁ ✲ ✵ ✫✬ ✯ ✰ ✲
r
✯ ✳ ✫✲ ✴ ✵ ✴ ✹
♠ ✴ ✫✲ ✴ ✵
✑
❲ ✞ ☛ ✘ ✖ ✞ ❡ ✡ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✟
✺
✌ ✖ ✘ ☛ ✕ ✐ ✡ ✕ ✖ ✞ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✕ ✝ ✐ ❄
✈
❅
❆
❞
❞ ❇
❆
❈
❉
❊
❋
●
❍
■
❏
❧ ❑ ▲
①
❇
②
❇▼ ◆
❖
❖
❖
❖
◗
❘ ❘
❙ ❚
✛ ★ ✑
❯ ❱
✜
❆
❈
❏ ❏
❘ ❘
❙ ❚❧ ❑ ▲
①
❇
❧ ❑ ▲
②
❇▼ ▼◆ ◆
❖
❖
❖
❖
◗ ◗
❳
✝ ✱ ❨ ❩ ❥ ❩ ❥❬ ❭ ❬ ❭
❪ ❪ ❪ ❪
❫
❫
❫
❫
❴
❵
❜
❵
❝ ❝
❢ ❣
✑
✥ ✓ ✞ ✝ ✞ ❝
❴
❵
❝
❜
❵
❢ ❣
❬ ❬
❫
❫
❫
❫
❤ ✛ ★ ✑ ✪ ✦ ✘ ✜
❦
✕ ✱ ✌ ✗ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✞ ❡ ✡ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✟ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✟ ✗ ✕ ✝ ☞ ✓ ✞ ☛ ✕ ✕ ✝ ✔ ✌ ✖ ✘ ☞ ✞ ✟
♥
✘ ✖ ✔
♣
✘ ✝ ✞
q
✖ ✕ ✥ ✖ ✘ ✟ ✗ ✚ ✖ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✟ ✕ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✐ ✞ ✱ ✥ ✞ ☛ ✘ ✖ ✚ ✟ ✞
☞ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✞
s
✚ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✟ ☞ ✕ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✔
✉
✇
✘ ✖ ✔
✉
③
✑
✒ ✓ ✞ ✐ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✌ ☞ ✚ ✔ ✞ ✕ ✗
✺
✌ ✟ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✖
④ ④ ④
⑤
⑥
⑦
⑥
⑧ ⑨
✛ ★ ✑ ✪ ✦ ✢ ✜
✘ ✖ ✔ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✔ ✌ ✝ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✗
✺
✌ ✟ ✙ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✖ ✢ ✏ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✘ ✖ ✙ ✎ ✞
⑩
❄
❶ ❷ ❸ ❶ ❷ ❸
❹
❺ ❺
❆ ❆
❉
❊
❋
❋
●
❍
■
■
❾
❻
❻
❻
❻
y
x
y
x
,
✛ ★ ✑ ✪ ✦ ☛ ✜
✉
✇
❼
✉
③
✘ ✖ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✙ ✎ ✞
⑩
✘ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✕ ✥ ✖ ✌ ✖ ✧ ✌ ✙ ✑ ★ ✑ ✩ ★ ✗ ✕ ✝ ✘
✍ ✞ ✎ ✕ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✕ ✝
✺
✑
❽ ✳ ✳ ✯ ✻ ✯
r
✾ ✫ ✲ ✴ ✵
✒ ✓ ✞
✾ ✺ ✯
r
✾ ❂ ✯ ✾ ✳ ✳ ✯ ✻ ✯
r
✾ ✫ ✲ ✴ ✵ ✾
✕ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✕ ✢ ❿ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✗ ✕ ✝ ✘
☞ ✌ ✐ ✞ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✝ ✍ ✘ ✎ ✠ t ✐ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✙ ✌ ✖
♥
➀
♣
✡ ✎ ✘ ✖ ✞ ✌ ✟ ☞ ✓ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✘ ✖ ✙ ✞
✌ ✖ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✕ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✞ ✔ ✢ ✏ ☞ ✓ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✐ ✞ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✝ ✍ ✘ ✎ ❄
➁ ➂
➃
➄
➅ ➆
➅ ➆
➇ ➇
➈
➇
➈
➉
➉
➉
➉
➉
➉
➉
➉
➊
➋ ➋
➌
➋
➌
➋
➌
➍ ➎
➍
➎
➏ ➏
➏ ➏
✛ ★ ✑ ✪ ✩ ✘ ✜
❳
✝ ✱
➐ ➑ ➒➓ ➔→ →
➣ ↔
↕ ↕
✑ ✛ ★ ✑ ✪ ✩ ✢ ✜
✒ ✓ ✞
✾ ✳ ✳ ✯ ✻ ✯
r
✾ ✫ ✲ ✴ ✵
✛ ✌ ✖ ✟ ☞ ✘ ✖ ☞ ✘ ✖ ✞ ✕ ✚ ✟ ✘ ☛ ☛ ✞ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✜
✌ ✟ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✎ ✌ ✐ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✖ ✙ ✍ ✘ ✎ ✚ ✞ ✕ ✗ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✘ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✘ ✙ ✞ ✘ ☛ ☛ ✞ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖
✘ ✟ ☞ ✓ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✐ ✞ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✝ ✍ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✡ ✡ ✝ ✕ ✘ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✟ ➙ ✞ ✝ ✕ ❄
➛
➜
➝
➞
➟ ➠ ➡
➢➤ ➥
➦
➦
➧
✛ ★ ✑ ✪
❯
✘ ✜
❦
✌ ✖ ☛ ✞
➨ ➨ ➨➩ ➫ ➭➯ ➯ ➲
➳ ➵
➸ ➸
➺ ➻
✥ ✞ ✓ ✘ ✍ ✞
➼ ➽ ➾➚ ➪
➶ ➶
➹ ➹
➘ ➴ ➷
➬
➮
➘ ➴ ➷
➬
➮➱
✃
➱
❐
❒ ❒
❮
❮
❮
❮❰ ❰
❳
✝ ✱ Ï ❩ ❥❬ ❭Ð Ð
❢ ❣
❪ ❪
✛ ★ ✑ ✪
❯
✢ ✜
✥ ✓ ✞ ✝ ✞ ✱
Ñ
Ò
Ó
Ô Ñ
Ò
Ó
Õ
Õ
Ö
Ö
× ×
Ø
Ø
Ø
Ø
✛ ★ ✑ ✪
❯
☛ ✜
Ù
✮ ✟ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✓ ✞ ☛ ✘ ✟ ✞ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✕ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✱ ✥ ✞ ☛ ✘ ✖ ✚ ✖ ✔ ✞ ✝ ✟ ☞ ✘ ✖ ✔
✙ ✝ ✘ ✡ ✓ ✌ ☛ ✘ ✎ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✎ ✌ ✐ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✖ ✙ ✡ ✝ ✕ ☛ ✞ ✟ ✟ ✚ ✟ ✞ ✔ ✌ ✖ ✔ ✞ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✌ ✖ ✙
✘ ☛ ☛ ✞ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✝ ✘ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✓ ✕ ✥ ✌ ✖ ✙ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✘ ☞ ✓ ✕ ✗ ☞ ✓ ✞
✕ ✢ ❿ ✞ ☛ ☞
Ú
✟ ✐ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✟ ✓ ✕ ✥ ✖ ✌ ✖ ✧ ✌ ✙ ✟ ✑ ★ ✑ ✩
Û
✛ ✘ ✜ ☞ ✕
✛ ✔ ✜ ✑
Ü
✝ ✞ ✡ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✖ ☞ ✟ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✕ ✟ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✗ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✕ ✢ ❿ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✘ ☞
☞ ✌ ✐ ✞ t ✘ ✖ ✔
Ü
Ý
✱
Ü
Þ
✱
Ü
ß
✡ ✕ ✟ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✟
 
✘ ✗ ☞ ✞ ✝ ☞ ✌ ✐ ✞ ✠t
Ý
✱ ✠t
Þ
✱
✠ t
ß
✱ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✡ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✠ t
Ý
❃ ✠ t
Þ
❃ ✠ t
ß
✜ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✕ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✏
✍ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✕ ✝ ✟ ✘ ☞ ✡ ✕ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✟
Ü
✱
Ü
Ý
✱
Ü
Þ
✱
Ü
ß
✘ ✝ ✞ ✘ ✎ ✟ ✕ ✟ ✓ ✕ ✥ ✖ ✌ ✖
✧ ✌ ✙ ✟ ✑ ★ ✑ ✩
Û
✛ ✘ ✜ ✱ ✛ ✢ ✜ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✛ ☛ ✜ ✑ à ✖ ✞ ✘ ☛ ✓ ☛ ✘ ✟ ✞ ✕ ✗ ✠ t ✱ ✠
✺
✌ ✟
✕ ✢ ☞ ✘ ✌ ✖ ✞ ✔ ✚ ✟ ✌ ✖ ✙ ☞ ✓ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✌ ✘ ✖ ✙ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✘ ✥ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✕ ✝ ✘ ✔ ✔ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✑
á
✏ ✔ ✞ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✱ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✔ ✌ ✝ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✘ ✙ ✞
✘ ☛ ☛ ✞ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✌ ✟ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✘ ✐ ✞ ✘ ✟ ☞ ✓ ✘ ☞ ✕ ✗ ✠
✺
✑ ❲ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✞
☞ ✓ ✘ ☞ ✘ ✟ ✠ t ✔ ✞ ☛ ✝ ✞ ✘ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✱ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✔ ✌ ✝ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✠
✺
☛ ✓ ✘ ✖ ✙ ✞ ✟
✘ ✖ ✔ ☛ ✕ ✖ ✟ ✞
s
✚ ✞ ✖ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✱ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✔ ✌ ✝ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✗ ☞ ✓ ✞
✘ ☛ ☛ ✞ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ☛ ✓ ✘ ✖ ✙ ✞ ✟ ✑ ✧ ✌ ✖ ✘ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✱ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✎ ✌ ✐ ✌ ☞ ✠t â ✦
ã ä å æ çæèç é ê ë ì í▲ î íï ëï
❇
ð ❻
ñ
ò ï ó ❻
ô
í õ ❻ ë ❧ íì ❑
❇
②
✈
ò ï ó
❇
ê ë ò ï ö ❧ ë ÷ ❑
❇
▲ò ø ë ð ù ❑
❇
ê ① ú ò ① ❑ ðû ü í
❇
ë
❇
ê ò
❇
❻
ñ
ý
❻
þ ÿ ❝
÷
✱
❻
ô
ý
❻
❝ s
❸ ÷
✳
Ù
■
ï
❇
ë
 
▲ ð í õ ① ò ï ó ②
✁
ò
ñ
ò ï ó ò
ô
ì ò ï
✥
ë ë ①î
 
ë ðð ë ó ò ð
✷ ✷
❞ ❞ ❞ ❞ ❞ ❞
✂ ✄ ✂
✷ ✷
❞ ❞ ❞ ❞
❞ ❞
① ① ② ②
t t t t
t t
❂ ❂
✌ ☎ ✌ ☎
✎ ✆ ✎ ✆
✍ ✝ ✍ ✝
aaxy
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎ ✄ ✞ ✼ ✟
✠
✥ ✡ ☛ ☞
❋ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✜ ✚ ✍ ✙ ✚ ✢ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✙ ✜ ✚ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✙ ✢ ✤ ★ ✙ ✩
✗ ✘ ✙ ✌ ✦ ✩ ✗ ✚ ✦ ✗ ✚ ✦ ✙ ✤ t ✩ ✚ ✢ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✙ ✜ ✚ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✦ ✚ ✦ ✔ ✘ ✚ ✩ ✗ ✘ ✙
✔ ✌ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✦ ✚ ✩ ✩ ✘ ✤ ❞ ✦ ✎
◆ ✪ ✫✬ ✫✭ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✰ ✪ ✰ ✬ ✱ ✯ ✲ ✬ ✰ ✳ ✯ ✪ ✰ ✴ ✫✭ ✬ ✵ ✬ ✶ ✪ ✷ ✯ ✫✸ ✮ ✰ ✱
✫✭ ✬ ✮ ✷ ✷ ✬ ✶ ✬ ✹✮ ✫ ✯ ✪ ✰ ✪ ✺ ✮ ✰ ✪ ✻ ✽ ✬ ✷ ✫ ✮ ✹✬ ✮ ✶ ✾ ✮ ✸ ✳ ✮ ✶ ✪ ✰ ✿
✫✭ ✬ ✳ ✮ ✲ ✬ ✳ ✫✹ ✮ ✯ ✿ ✭ ✫ ✶ ✯ ✰ ✬ ❧ ✬ ✯ ✫✭ ✬ ✹ ✯ ✰ ✫✭ ✬ ✳ ✮ ✲ ✬ ✱ ✯ ❀
✹ ✬ ✷ ✫ ✯ ✪ ✰ ✪ ✹ ✯ ✰ ✫ ✭ ✬ ✪
❡ ❡
✪ ✳ ✯ ✫ ✬ ✱ ✯ ✹ ✬ ✷ ✫✯ ✪ ✰
❁ ❂ ❃
✪ ✾ ✬ ✵ ✬ ✹ ✴
✺ ✪ ✹ ✲ ✪ ✫✯ ✪ ✰ ✯ ✰ ✫✾ ✪ ✪ ✹ ✫✭ ✹✬ ✬ ✱ ✯ ✲ ✬ ✰ ✳ ✯ ✪ ✰ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✬ ✶ ✪ ✷ ❀
✯ ✫✸ ✮ ✰ ✱ ✮ ✷ ✷ ✬ ✶ ✬ ✹✮ ✫ ✯ ✪ ✰ ✵ ✬ ✷ ✫ ✪ ✹✳ ✲ ✮ ✸ ✭ ✮ ✵ ✬ ✮ ✰ ✸
✮ ✰ ✿ ✶ ✬ ✻ ✬ ✫✾ ✬ ✬ ✰
❛ ❄
✮ ✰ ✱
❅ ❆ ❛ ❄
✻ ✬ ✫✾ ✬ ✬ ✰ ✫✭ ✬ ✲
❂
❊ ❇ ❈ ❉ ● ❍ ■ ❏ ❑ ❏ ❚
✘ ✙
▲
✤ ✩ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✦ ✤
❖
✚
▲
✚ ✜ ✗ ✌ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✌ ✩
✍ ✌ ✛ ✙ ✦ ✧
❣
 r i  j  k  
P ◗ ◗
3.0t
❼
❘
❼
❘
❼
❙ ❯ ❱ ❯
❲
❳
❞ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✙
❨
✌ ✩ ✌ ✦ ✩ ✙ ✢ ✤ ✦ ✔ ✩ ✚ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✤ ✙
❖ ❖
✌ ✢ ✌ ✙ ✦ ✗ ✩
✘ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✙
▲
✜ ✤
▲
✙ ✜ t ✦ ✌ ✗ ✩
❖
✤ ✜ ✹ ✗ ✤ ✧ ✙ ✌ ✦ ★ ✙ ✗ ✜ ✙ ✩ ✎
✓ ✚ ✕ ❋ ✌ ✦ ✔ ✵ ✓
❨
✕ ✚ ✦ ✔ ✮ ✓
❨
✕ ✤
❖
✗ ✘ ✙
▲
✚ ✜ ✗ ✌ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✎ ✓ ✧ ✕ ❋ ✌ ✦ ✔
✗ ✘ ✙ ★ ✚ ✍ ✦ ✌ ✗ t ✔ ✙ ✚ ✦ ✔ ✔ ✌ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✦ ✤
❖
✵ ✓
❨
✕ ✚ ✗
❨ ❩
✑ ✎
❬
✩ ✎
❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ■ ❵
❜ ❝
❢ ❤
✈
r
✐ ❥ ❦♠
♠ ♠
♠ ♠
♥
♦ ♦ ♣ ♣
q
q
q
q
s ✉ ✇ ① ✉ ✇ ② ✉ ✇
③ ③ ③
④ ⑤⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑦ ⑧
⑨ ⑨
⑩ ❶❷ t 
❜ ❝
❸
✈
❥♠
♠
♦
q
q
❹ ❺ ❻
✉ ✇
③
❽
❩
✏ ✎
❬
★ ✩
➊ ❾
✚ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✍ ❿ ➀ ✔ ✌ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✦
➁ ✗
❨ ❩
✑ ✎
❬
✩ ✖
➂ ➂
➃ ➄ ➅ ➆ ➄ ➅➇ ➈ ➉ ➋ ➌
➍ ✗ ➎ ✩ ★ ✚ ✍ ✦ ✌ ✗ t ✔ ✙ ✌ ✩
➏ ➏ ➐ ➑
➒ ➓ ➔ → ➣ ↔ ↕ ➙➛ ➜ ➝
✚ ✦ ✔ ✔ ✌ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✦ ✌ ✩
➞ ➟ ➟
➠
➡ ➢ ➤ ➥ ➢ ➤ ➥ ➦ ➧
➧
➨
➩
➫
➫
➭
➯
➲ ➳
➲ ➳
➵
➸ ➺
➻ ➼
➻ ➼
➽ ➾
➽ ➾
❞ ✌ ✗ ✘ ➚ ➀ ✚ ➪ ✌ ✩ ✎
➶
➹
❂ ❆
➘ ➴ ➷ ➬ ➴ ◆ ➬ ◆ ➮ ➱ ✃ ➮ ◆❐ ❒ ➬ ➷
❃
❮ ➴ ◆❰ ➷ ➮ ◆ ➷
➮ ❮ ❮ ❐ ✃ ❐ Ï ➮ ➷ ➬ ➴ ◆
Ð
t
▲ ▲
✤ ✩ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✗ ✚ ✦ ✤ ✧
Ñ
✙ ✢ ✗ ✌ ✩ ★ ✤ ✛ ✌ ✦ ✍ ✌ ✦ ➚
Ò
❿
▲
✣ ✚ ✦ ✙
✚ ✦ ✔ ✌ ✗ ✩ ✚ ✢ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✙ ✜ ✚ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✦ ✮ ✌ ✩ ✢ ✤ ✦ ✩ ✗ ✚ ✦ ✗ ✎
Ó
✛ ✙ ✜ ✚ ✦
✌ ✦ ✗ ✙ ✜ ✛ ✚ ✣ ✤
❖
✗ ✌ ★ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✜ ✚ ✍ ✙ ✚ ✢ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✙ ✜ ✚ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✦ ❞ ✌ ✣ ✣
✙ Ô t ✚ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✌ ✩ ✢ ✤ ✦ ✩ ✗ ✚ ✦ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✣ t ✙ ✎ Õ ✤ ❞ ✖ ✣ ✙ ✗ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✌ ✗
❣
✤
❖
✗ ✘ ✙ ✤ ✧
Ñ
✙ ✢ ✗ ✧ ✙ ✵
Ö
✚ ✗ ✗ ✌ ★ ✙
❨ ❩ ❬
✚ ✦ ✔ ✵ ✚ ✗ ✗ ✌ ★ ✙
❨
✎
❚
✘ ✙ ✦ ✖ ✧
❣
✔ ✙
❖
✌ ✦ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✦
×
Ø Ø Ø Ø
Ù Ù
➸
Ú
Ú
➸
Ú
Û ÛÜ
Ó
✜ ✖
✈ ✈
❸
Ù
♦ ♣ ♠
✓ ✏ ✎
Ý Ý
✚ ✕
➍ ✦ ✗ ✙ ✜ ★ ✩ ✤
❖
✢ ✤ ★
▲
✤ ✦ ✙ ✦ ✗ ✩ Þ
ß ß à á
â ã â â
ä å
æ æ ç è
é ê é é
ë ì
✓ ✏ ✎
Ý Ý
✧ ✕
í
✙ ✗ t ✩ ✦ ✤ ❞
❖
✌ ✦ ✔ ✘ ✤ ❞ ✗ ✘ ✙
▲
✤ ✩ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✦ ✹ ✢ ✘ ✚ ✦ ✍ ✙ ✩ ❞ ✌ ✗ ✘
✗ ✌ ★ ✙ ✎ î ✙
❖
✤ ✣ ✣ ✤ ❞ ✗ ✘ ✙ ★ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✤ ✔ t ✩ ✙ ✔ ✌ ✦ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✙ ➀
✔ ✌ ★ ✙ ✦ ✩ ✌ ✤ ✦ ✚ ✣ ✢ ✚ ✩ ✙ ✎
í
✙ ✗ ✹
ï
✚ ✦ ✔ ✹ ✧ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✙
▲
✤ ✩ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✦
✛ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✤ ✜ ✩ ✤
❖
✗ ✘ ✙
▲
✚ ✜ ✗ ✌ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✗ ✌ ★ ✙
❬
✚ ✦ ✔
❨
✚ ✦ ✔ ✣ ✙ ✗ ✗ ✘ ✙
✛ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✙ ✩ ✚ ✗ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✩ ✙ ✌ ✦ ✩ ✗ ✚ ✦ ✗ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✵
ï
✚ ✦ ✔ ✵ ✎
❚
✘ ✙ ✦ ✖
✤ ✛ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✘ ✌ ✩ ✗ ✌ ★ ✙ ✌ ✦ ✗ ✙ ✜ ✛ ✚ ✣
❨
✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✜ ✚ ✍ ✙ ✛ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✌ ✗
❣
✌ ✩
✓ ✵
ï
ð ✵ ✕ ñ ò ✎
❚
✘ ✙ ✔ ✌ ✩
▲
✣ ✚ ✢ ✙ ★ ✙ ✦ ✗ ✌ ✩ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✜ ✚ ✍ ✙
✛ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✌ ✗
❣
★ t ✣ ✗ ✌
▲
✣ ✌ ✙ ✔ ✧
❣
✗ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✌ ★ ✙ ✌ ✦ ✗ ✙ ✜ ✛ ✚ ✣ Þ
ó ô
õ õ
ö
ö ö
÷ ø
ù ù
ù
÷ ø
ú û û
ü ý
ü ý
þ ÿ
þ ÿ
✵ ✵
✵
✵
✈   ✈
✈ ✈
r r
❋ ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✄ ✆✝ ❚ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✌ ✟✍ ✟ ☛ ✠ ♠ ✎ ✏✑ ✒✏☛ ♠ ✞ ☛ ✟✟ ♠ ✎ ✓✟ ✎ ✑ ♠ ✟ ☛ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✔ ✭ ✕ ✖ ✗ ♠
✶
✱ ✭ ✘ ✖ ✗ ♠
✷
✱ ✠ ✑ ✙ ✭ ✚ ✖ ✗ ♠
✸
✱ ✛ ✗ ♠
✶
❃ ✗ ♠
✷
❃ ✗ ♠
✸
✮ ✜ ✭ q ✖ ■ ✑ ♠ ✞ ✟
✍ ✎ ✓ ✎ ♠ ✗ ♠
✢ ✣
✱ ♠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡✟ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✌ ✟✍ ✟ ☛ ✠ ♠ ✎ ✏✑
✤
✟✌ ✏ ✓✟ ✔ ♠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✌ ✟✍ ✟ ☛ ✠ ♠ ✎ ✏✑ ✜
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✼ ✆
✝
✝
✷
✶
✞
t t❂ ✟
✵
✈ ✠
❖ ✡ ✱ r r ✈ ✠
☛ ☛
❂ ✟ ✟ t t
✶
✞
☞
✭ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑
■ ✒ ✓
✏
✔ ✕ ✖ ✖
✏
✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✖
✡
✘ ✜ ✘ ✖ ✢ ✒ ✣
✏
✒ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✢ ✖
✡
✘ ✛
✏
✒ ✘ ✛ ✖ ✤ ✜
❊ ✥
✍ ✭ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✱
✘
✍
✖
✍
❞
❞
r
t
✦ ✘ ✛ ✖ ✗ ❊ ✥
✍ ✭ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✏
✔ ✢ ✘ ✒
✏
✙ ✗ ✤
✗
✏
✒ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✒ ✣
✏
✒
✏
✒ ✧ ★ ✩
✱
✪ ★ ✪
♦
✍
❊ ✥ ✫
✏
✒ ✘ ✤ ✔
✭ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑
✓
✏
✔ ✕ ✖ ✬
✡
✘ ✒ ✒ ✖ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✓ ✤ ✮ ✯ ✤ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✒
✜ ✤
✡
✮
✏
✗
① ① ✰ ✲ ❛ ✲
✳ ✴ ✴
✸ ✹ ✹
✺
✻
✽
✾
✷
✶
✞
✿ ❀ ② ②
❁ ❁ ❃
t
❄
t❂ ✟ ✟
✭ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌
✕
✑
❖
✔ ✖ ✘ ✮ ✮ ✖ ✢ ✘
✏
✒ ✖ ✘ ✔ ✒ ✖
✡
✯
✡
✖ ✒
✏
✒ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✤ ✜ ❊ ✥
✍ ✭ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌
✕
✑
✘ ✗ ✒ ✣
✏
✒
✒ ✣ ✖ ✮ ✤ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✔ ❅ ❆
✏
✔ ✢ ❇ ❈ ✢ ✘
✡
✖ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✓
✏
✔ ✕ ✖ ✒
✡
✖
✏
✒ ✖ ✢
✘ ✔ ✢ ✖ ✯ ✖ ✔ ✢ ✖ ✔ ✒ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✜ ✖
✏
✓ ✣ ✤ ✒ ✣ ✖
✡ ✍
❉ ✣
✏
✒ ✘ ✗
✱
♠ ❋ ●❍ ❋ ❏ ❍ ❏
❑ ▲ ▼ ❑ ❏ ◆ ◗ ● ❘ ❋ ❙ ❚ ❍ ♠ ◆ ❏ ❯ ❍ ❋ ❏ ❯ ❱ ❲ ❑ ❏ ❳ ◆ ● ✪ ◆ ❑ ● ◆ ❚ ❑ ❯ ● ❘ ❋
❯ ◆ ▲ ❑ ✪ ❑ ●◆ ❯ ❍ ♠ s ▼ ● ❑ ❏ ◆ ❋ s ❯ ❋ ❏ ◆ ❙ ❚ ❍ ♠ ◆ ❏ ❯ ❍ ❋ ❏ ❑ ▼
♠ ❋ ● ❍ ❋ ❏ ❯ ❘ ❍ ● ❨ ❲ ❋ ❏ ❯ ● ❑ ❏ ● ❑ ❲ ❲ ◆ ▼ ◆ ✪ ❑ ●❍ ❋ ❏ ❑ ▼ ❋ ❏ ❩ ● ❘ ❋
▲ ◆ ✪▲ ◆ ❏ ❚ ❍ ❲ s ▼ ❑ ✪ ❚ ❍ ✪ ◆ ❲ ●❍ ❋ ❏ ❯
✍
❉ ✣ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✗
✏
✔ ✘ ✮ ✯ ✤
✡
✒
✏
✔ ✒
✡
✖ ✗ ✫ ✙ ✒
✏
✔ ✢ ✘ ✗ ✫ ✗ ✖ ✜ ✫ ✙ ✘ ✔
✏
✔
✏
✙ ✚ ✗ ✘ ✔ ✦ ✮ ✤ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✤ ✜ ✤ ✕ ❬ ✖ ✓ ✒ ✗
✘ ✔ ✒ ✬ ✤ ✢ ✘ ✮ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✗ ❭ ❪ ✗ ✘ ✮ ✘ ✙
✏ ✡ ✡
✖ ✗ ✫ ✙ ✒ ✣ ✤ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✜ ✤
✡
✒ ✣
✡
✖ ✖
✢ ✘ ✮ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✗
✍
❉ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✣ ✤ ✘ ✓ ✖ ✤ ✜ ✯ ✖
✡
✯ ✖ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✓ ✫ ✙
✏ ✡
✢ ✘
✡
✖ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✤ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✔ ✮
✏
✔ ✚ ✯ ✣ ✚ ✗ ✘ ✓
✏
✙
✗ ✘ ✒ ✫
✏
✒ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✗
✱ ✏
✗ ✬ ✖ ✗ ✣
✏
✙ ✙ ✗ ✖ ✖ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔
✌ ✍ ❫
✩ ✜ ✤
✡
✯
✡
✤ ❬ ✖ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✮ ✤ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔
✍
❴ ❵ ❜ ❝ ❡ ❢ ❣ ❤ ✐ ❥ ❪ ✯
✏ ✡
✒ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✒
✏ ✡
✒ ✗ ✜
✡
✤ ✮ ✤
✡
✘ ✦ ✘ ✔
✏
✒ ✧ ★ ✩ ✬ ✘ ✒ ✣
✏
✛ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✚ ❦
✍
✩ î ✮ ❧ ✗
✏
✔ ✢ ✮ ✤ ✛ ✖ ✗
✘ ✔ ❅ ❆ ❇ ✯ ✙
✏
✔ ✖ ✫ ✔ ✢ ✖
✡ ✏
✓ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✤ ✜
✏
✜ ✤
✡
✓ ✖ ✬ ✣ ✘ ✓ ✣
✯
✡
✤ ✢ ✫ ✓ ✖ ✗
✏
✓ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✒
✏
✔ ✒
✏
✓ ✓ ✖ ✙ ✖
✡ ✏
✒ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✤ ✜
♥ ♣ q ♣✉ ✉✇ ③
④
⑤
⑥
⑦
✮ ❧ ✗
⑧
✍ ✭ ✏ ✑ ⑨
✣
✏
✒ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✣ ✖
❇ ❆ ✓ ✤ ✤
✡
✢ ✘ ✔
✏
✒ ✖ ✤ ✜ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✯
✏ ✡
✒ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✖
✏
✒ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✒
✏
✔ ✒
✘ ✒ ✗ ❅ ❆ ✓ ✤ ✤
✡
✢ ✘ ✔
✏
✒ ✖ ✘ ✗
⑩ ✌
✮
❶ ✭
✕
✑ ⑨
✣
✏
✒ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✣ ✖
✗ ✯ ✖ ✖ ✢ ✤ ✜ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✯
✏ ✡
✒ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✖
✏
✒ ✒ ✣ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✮ ✖
❶
❷ ❸ ❹ ❺
❣
❻
❉ ✣ ✖ ✯ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✤ ✜ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✯
✏ ✡
✒ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✖ ✘ ✗ ✦ ✘ ✛ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✚
❼ ❽
✷
✶
✞
t t t❂ ✟
✵
r ✈ ✠
❼ ❽
❾ ❿
✷
➀ ➀ ➀
➁ ➂ ➃ ✶ ➄ ✞ ➅ ➂ ➃ ✞ ➂ ➃
t t❂ ✟ ✟
➆ ➆ ➇
➈ ➉
➊ ➊
➋ ➋
➌ ➍ ➎ ➏ ➍ ➌ ➏ ➍ ➎➐ ➐ ➐➑ ➒ ➒ ➓ ➔
❉ ✣ ✖
✡
✖ ✜ ✤
✡
✖
✱
→ ➣
↔
↕ ➙ ➛ ➜ ➙ ↕➝ ➞ ➞ ➞➟ ➠
➡
➢
➤
➥ ➦ ➧➨ ➩ ➩➫ ➭
➯ ✘ ✛ ✖ ✔ ❅
✭
✧
✑
★
⑩ ✌
✮
✱
✧ ★
❶
❦
✍
✩ ✧ ➲
❫ ✍
❦ ✧
⑧
★
⑩ ✌
➳ ✧ ★ ➵ ✗
❪ ✒ ✧ ★ ➵ ✗
✱
❇ ★
❫ ✍
✩
✭
➵
✑
⑧
★
✎
➵
✍
✩ ✮
➸ ✤ ✬
✱
✒ ✣ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✚
➺ ➻
➼
➽ ➽
➾ ➚ ➪ ➶ ➚ ➪ ➹ ➚ ➪
➼
➘ ➘
➘
➴ ➴ ➷ ➷
➬
➮ ➱ ✃
❪ ✒ ✧ ★ ➵ ✗
✱
❐ ❒ ❮❰ ÏÐÑ Ò
Ó Ó
Ô ÕÐÒ Ô
✗ ✯ ✖ ✖ ✢
Ö Ö ×
Ø Ù Ú Ø Ø Û Ü Ý
Þ
ß ß à áâ
✍
ã
ä å æ ç è é ê ë ì í è í è é ï ðì ë ñ ì ò ë ó ï
ô ì õ è òö ì ï ò ö
❉ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✔ ✓ ✖ ✯ ✒ ✤ ✜
✡
✖ ✙
✏
✒ ✘ ✛ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✚
✱
✘ ✔ ✒
✡
✤ ✢ ✫ ✓ ✖ ✢ ✘ ✔
✗ ✖ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔
✎ ✍ ÷
✜ ✤
✡
✮ ✤ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔
✏
✙ ✤ ✔ ✦
✏
✗ ✒
✡ ✏
✘ ✦ ✣ ✒ ✙ ✘ ✔ ✖
✱
✓
✏
✔
✕ ✖ ✖
✏
✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✖
ø
✒ ✖ ✔ ✢ ✖ ✢ ✒ ✤ ✘ ✔ ✓ ✙ ✫ ✢ ✖ ✮ ✤ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✘ ✔
✏
✯ ✙
✏
✔ ✖
✤
✡
✘ ✔ ✒ ✣
✡
✖ ✖ ✢ ✘ ✮ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✗
✍ ù
✫ ✯ ✯ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✣
✏
✒ ✒ ✬ ✤ ✤ ✕ ❬ ✖ ✓ ✒ ✗
❪
✏
✔ ✢
ú ✏ ✡
✖ ✮ ✤ ✛ ✘ ✔ ✦ ✬ ✘ ✒ ✣ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✗
û
ü
✏
✔ ✢
û
ý
✭
✖
✏
✓ ✣ ✬ ✘ ✒ ✣
✡
✖ ✗ ✯ ✖ ✓ ✒ ✒ ✤ ✗ ✤ ✮ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✮ ✮ ✤ ✔ ✜
✡ ✏
✮ ✖ ✤ ✜
✡
✖ ✜ ✖
✡
✖ ✔ ✓ ✖
✱
✗
✏
✚ ✦
✡
✤ ✫ ✔ ✢
✍ ✑ ✍
❉ ✣ ✖ ✔
✱
✛ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✤ ✜ ✤ ✕ ❬ ✖ ✓ ✒
❪ ✪ ◆ ▼ ❑ ● ❍
û
◆ ● ❋ ●❨ ❑ ● ❋
þ ÿ
❍ ❯
✥
û
❆  
★
û
❆
➊
û
 
✭ ✌ ✍ ✎
❦
✏ ✑
✏
✔ ✢ ✗ ✘ ✮ ✘ ✙
✏ ✡
✙ ✚
✱
✒ ✣ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✤ ✜ ✤ ✕ ❬ ✖ ✓ ✒
ú
r ✁ ✂✄ ✧ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✧ ✝
✧ t ✄ ✧ ✝ ✞ ❪ ✘ ✗
✥
û
  ❆
★
û
 
➊
û
❆
❉ ✣ ✖
✡
✖ ✜ ✤
✡
✖
✱ û
❆  
★ ➊
û
  ❆
✭ ✌ ✍ ✎
❦ ✕
✑
✏
✔ ✢
✱
✈ ✈
✟ ✠ ✠ ✟
➫
✭ ✌ ✍ ✎
❦ ✓
✑
❴ ❵ ❜ ❝ ❡ ❢ ❣ ❤ ✐ ❊ ✡
✏
✘ ✔ ✘ ✗ ✜
✏
✙ ✙ ✘ ✔ ✦ ✛ ✖
✡
✒ ✘ ✓
✏
✙ ✙ ✚ ✬ ✘ ✒ ✣
✏
✗ ✯ ✖ ✖ ✢ ✤ ✜
✎
❦ ✮ ✗
☛ ☞
✍
❪ ✬ ✤ ✮
✏
✔
✡
✘ ✢ ✖ ✗
✏
✕ ✘ ✓ ✚ ✓ ✙ ✖
✬ ✘ ✒ ✣
✏
✗ ✯ ✖ ✖ ✢ ✤ ✜
❫
✇ ✮ ✗
☛ ☞
✘ ✔ ✖
✏
✗ ✒ ✒ ✤ ✬ ✖ ✗ ✒
✢ ✘
✡
✖ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔
✍ ⑨
✣
✏
✒ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✢ ✘
✡
✖ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✬ ✣ ✘ ✓ ✣
✗ ✣ ✖ ✗ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✖
✡
✫ ✮ ✕
✡
✖ ✙ ✙
✏ ❶
❷ ❸ ❹ ❺
❣
❻
■ ✔
✌
✘ ✦
✍ ✌ ✍ ❫
➵
û
✍
✡
✖ ✯
✡
✖ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✒ ✗ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✚
✤ ✜
✡ ✏
✘ ✔
✏
✔ ✢
û
❜
✱
✒ ✣ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✤ ✜ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✕ ✘ ✓ ✚ ✓ ✙ ✖
✱
✒ ✣ ✖
✬ ✤ ✮
✏
✔ ✘ ✗
✡
✘ ✢ ✘ ✔ ✦
✍ ú
✤ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✗
✏ ✡
✖ ✬ ✘ ✒ ✣
✡
✖ ✗ ✯ ✖ ✓ ✒ ✒ ✤ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✦
✡
✤ ✫ ✔ ✢
✍ ù
✘ ✔ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✬ ✤ ✮
✏
✔ ✘ ✗
✡
✘ ✢ ✘ ✔ ✦
✏
✕ ✘ ✓ ✚ ✓ ✙ ✖
✱
✒ ✣ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✤ ✜
✡ ✏
✘ ✔
✏
✗ ✖
ø
✯ ✖
✡
✘ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✖ ✢ ✕ ✚
❋ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✑✓✔
✣ ✖
✡
✘ ✗ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✤ ✜
✡ ✏
✘ ✔
✡
✖ ✙
✏
✒ ✘ ✛ ✖ ✒ ✤ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✒ ✚
✤ ✜ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✕ ✘ ✓ ✚ ✓ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✘ ✗
✡
✘ ✢ ✘ ✔ ✦
✍
❉ ✣
✏
✒ ✘ ✗
û
✍ ❜
★
û
✍
➊
û
❜
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎ ✄ ✞ ✼ ✼
❚ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✠ ✎ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✡ ✡ ✟ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✠ ✕
❋ ✠ ✖ ✗ ✹ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✥ ✍ ✚ ☞ ✡ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✖ ✌ ☞ ✛ ✔ ✠ ✎ ✟ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✗ ✇ ✎ ✠ ✡
✖ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✕ ❣ ✓
t ✜ ♥
✶ ✢
✸ ✣
✵ ✳ ✸ ✤ ✸✦ ❂ ❂ ❂
✈
✈
❜
r
❖ ☛ ✱
✧ ★ ✩ ✪
✫
❚ ✟ ☞ ☛ ☞
✬
✑ ☛ ☞ ✱ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✔ ✑ ✥ ✍ ✕ ✡ ✟ ✑
✭
✌
✮
✟ ✑ ✌
✮
✟ ☞ ☛
✭
✥ ❣ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✖ ✌ ☞ ✑
✬
✍ ❣ ✑
✭
✎ ✘
✉ ✯
✔ ✠ ✎ ✟ ✎ ✟ ☞
✏ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✍ ☛
✮
✡ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✔ ☞ ✡ ✎ ✗
◆✰ ✲✴ ✷ ✺ ✻ ✴ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✿ ❀ ✲❁ ✴ ❃ ❄ ✽ ✽ ✴ ✻ ✴ ❅ ✷ ✴ ❆ ✴ ✲ ❇ ✴ ✴ ❅ ✲❁ ❄ ❈
❊ ❉ ✺ ● ❍ ✿ ✴ ✺ ❅ ❃ ✲ ❁ ✴ ❊ ❉ ✺ ● ❍ ✿ ✴ ■ ❏ ❑ ❏ ▲ ❅ ❊ ❉ ✺ ● ❍ ✿ ✴ ■ ❏ ❑ P
✲ ❁ ✴ ❆ ✰ ❀ ✴ ❉ ❍ ✴ ✻ ❄ ✴ ❅ ✷ ✴ ❈ ✲❁ ✴ ✻ ✴ ❈ ✾ ✿ ✲✺ ❅ ✲ ◗ ❘ ✴ ✷ ✲ ✰ ✻
❈ ✾ ● s ✰ ✽ ✲ ❇ ✰ ❘ ✴ ✿ ✰ ✷ ❄ ✲❄ ✴ ❈ ❇ ❁ ❄ ✿ ✴ ❄ ❅ ✲❁ ❄ ❈ ✴ ❉ ✺ ● ❍ ✿ ✴ P
✲ ❁ ✴ ❇ ✰ ● ✺ ❅ ✴ ❉ ❍ ✴ ✻ ❄ ✴ ❅ ✷ ✴ ❈ ✲❁ ✴ ❘ ✴ ✿ ✰ ✷ ❄ ✲❀ ✰ ✽ ✻✺ ❄ ❅
✻ ✴ ✿ ✺ ✲❄ ❘ ✴ ✲✰ ✲ ❁ ✴ ❆ ❄ ✷ ❀ ✷ ✿ ✴ ◗ ✲ ❁ ✴ ❘ ✴ ✷ ✲ ✰ ✻ ❃ ❄ ✽ ✽ ✴ ✻ ✴ ❅ ✷ ✴
✰ ✽ ✲❁ ✴ ✲ ❇ ✰ ❘ ✴ ✿ ✰ ✷ ❄ ✲❄ ✴ ❈ s ❏ ❙
■ ❏ ❑
❯ ❱ ❲ ❳ ❨
❊
❩❬
▲
❭
❊
❪ ❳ ❬
▲
❳
◆
❫ ✡ ✍ ✕ ✍ ❴ ❴ ✌ ✠ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✑
✬
✎ ✟ ☞ ✠
✮
☞ ✍ ✡
✮
☞ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✑ ❴ ☞
✮
✠ ✕ ✎ ✟ ☞
❴ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✑
✭
✡ ✡ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✡ ✱ ✔ ☞ ✒ ✑ ✕ ✡ ✠
✮
☞ ☛ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✑
✬
✍
❴ ☛ ✑ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✌ ☞ ✗ ❫ ✕ ✑ ❣ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✕
✬
✌ ✠ ✖ ✟ ✎ ✍
✬
✎ ☞ ☛ ❣ ☞ ✠ ✕ ✖
✎ ✟ ☛ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✑ ☛ ❴ ☛ ✑ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ☞
✮
✠ ✡ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✌ ☞
✮
✍ ❍ ✻✰ ❵ ✴ ✷ ✲❄ ✿ ✴ ✗ ❛
✭
✒ ✟
✍ ❴ ☛ ✑ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✌ ☞ ✥ ✠ ✖ ✟ ✎ ❣ ☞ ✍
✬
✑ ✑ ✎ ❣ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✱ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✚ ☞ ✎ ❣ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✱ ✍
❣ ✍ ✡ ☞ ❣ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✗ ❚ ✟ ☞ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✑
✬
✍
❴ ☛ ✑ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✌ ☞ ✥ ✍ ✓ ❣ ☞ ✎ ✟ ✑
✭
✖ ✟ ✎ ✑
✬
✍ ✡ ✎ ✟ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✡
✭
✌ ✎ ✑
✬
✎ ✔ ✑
✡ ☞ ❴ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✱ ✡ ✠ ✥
✭
✌ ✎ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✑
✭
✡ ✌ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✒
✭
☛ ☛ ✠ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✥ ❴ ✑ ✕ ☞ ✕ ✎ ✡
✑
✬
✥ ✑ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✡ ✗ ❖ ✕ ☞ ✒ ✑ ✥ ❴ ✑ ✕ ☞ ✕ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✍ ✟ ✑ ☛ ✠ ♦ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✍ ✌
✮
✠ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✠ ✎ ✟ ✑
✭
✎ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✍ ✒ ✒ ☞ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✍ ✕
✮
✎ ✟ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✟ ☞ ☛
✍ ✌ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✒ ✍ ✌
✮
✠ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✠ ✎ ✟ ✒ ✑ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✎
✍ ✒ ✒ ☞ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕
✮ ✭
☞ ✎ ✑ ✎ ✟ ☞
✬
✑ ☛ ✒ ☞ ✑
✬
✖ ☛ ✍ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✓ ✗ ✇ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✡
❝ ✍ ✌ ✠ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✔ ✟ ✑
✬
✠ ☛ ✡ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✎ ☞
✮
✎ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✕
✮
☞ ❴ ☞ ✕
✮
☞ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✑
✬
✎ ✟ ☞
✟ ✑ ☛ ✠ ♦ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✕
✮
✎ ✟ ☞ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✑ ✥ ❴ ✑ ✕ ☞ ✕ ✎ ✡ ✑
✬
❴ ☛ ✑ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✌ ☞ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✠ ✕ ✟ ✠ ✡ ❞ ❄ ✺ ✿ ✰ ❡ ✾ ✴ ✰ ❅ ✲❁ ✴ ❡ ✻ ✴ ✺ ✲
❇ ✰ ✻ ✿ ❃ ❈ ❀ ❈ ✲ ✴ ● ❈ ❢ ✘ ✙ ❤ ✐ ❥ ✗
✇ ✕ ✑
✭
☛
✮
✠ ✡ ✒
✭
✡ ✡ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✱ ✔ ☞ ✡ ✟ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✡
✭
✥ ☞ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✟ ☞
✍ ✠ ☛ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✒ ☞ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✠ ✖ ✠ ❣ ✌ ☞ ☞
✬ ✬
☞ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕
✑
✬
✎ ✟ ☞ ❴ ☛ ✑ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✌ ☞ ✗ ❛
✭
❴ ❴ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✟ ☞ ❴ ☛ ✑ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✌ ☞ ✠ ✡
✌ ✍
✭
✕ ✒ ✟ ☞
✮
✔ ✠ ✎ ✟ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✠ ✎ ✓ ❘
❦
✎ ✟ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✍ ✚ ☞ ✡ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✖ ✌ ☞
✛
❦
✔ ✠ ✎ ✟ ✎ ✟ ☞ ① ❧ ✍ ♠ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✡ ✡ ✟ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✠ ✕ ❋ ✠ ✖ ✗ ✹ ✗ ✘ q ✗
❫
✬
✎ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✑ ❣ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✡ ❣ ☞ ☞ ✕ ❴ ☛ ✑ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ☞
✮
✱ ✎ ✟ ☞
✍ ✒ ✒ ☞ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✕ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✎
✮ ✭
☞ ✎ ✑ ✖ ☛ ✍ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✓
✔ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✡
✮
✠ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✎ ☞
✮
✏ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✓
✮
✑ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✍ ☛
✮ ②
③ ④⑤ ⑥ ⑦
⑧
❖ ☛ ✱
⑨
⑩
❶ ❷
✱
⑨
❸
❹ ❺ g
❢ ✹ ✗ ❤ ✙ ❥
❚ ✟ ☞ ✒ ✑ ✥ ❴ ✑ ✕ ☞ ✕ ✎ ✡ ✑
✬
✠ ✕ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✠ ✎ ✓ ❘
❻
✍ ☛ ☞
②
❼
❽
⑩
❹ ❼
❽
✒ ✑ ✡ ✛
❽
❼
❽
❸
❹ ❼
❽
✡ ✠ ✕ ✛
❽
❢ ✹ ✗ ❤ q ❥
✇
✬
✔ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✚ ☞ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✠ ✕ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✌ ❴ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✑ ❣ ☞ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✑ ☛ ✠ ✖ ✠ ✕ ✑
✬
✎ ✟ ☞ ☛ ☞
✬
☞ ☛ ☞ ✕ ✒ ☞
✬
☛ ✍ ✥ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✡ ✟ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✠ ✕ ❋ ✠ ✖ ✗ ✹ ✗ ✘ q ✱ ✔ ☞
✟ ✍ ✏ ☞
②
①
❽
❹ ❷
✱
❾
❽
❹ ❷
❚ ✟ ☞ ✕ ✱ ❿ ➀ ✗ ❢ ✹ ✗ ✹ q ❣ ❥ ❣ ☞ ✒ ✑ ✥ ☞ ✡
②
①
❹ ❼
❽
⑩
➁
❹
❢
❼
❽
✒ ✑ ✡ ✛
❽
❥ ➁
✍ ✕
✮ ❾ ❹
❢
❼
❽
✡ ✠ ✕ ✛
❽
❥ ➁
❺
❢ ➂ ❥ ➃ ➁
➄
❢ ✹ ✗ ❤ ➅ ❥
❚ ✟ ☞ ✒ ✑ ✥ ❴ ✑ ✕ ☞ ✕ ✎ ✡ ✑
✬
✏ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✠ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✥ ☞ ➁ ✒ ✍ ✕ ❣ ☞
✑ ❣ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✕ ☞
✮ ✭
✡ ✠ ✕ ✖ ❿ ➀ ✗ ❢ ✹ ✗ ❤ ❤ ❣ ❥
②
❼
⑩
❹ ❼
❽
⑩
❹ ❼
❽
✒ ✑ ✡ ✛
❽
❼
❸
❹ ❼
❽
✡ ✠ ✕ ✛
❽
❺
➃ ➁ ❢ ✹ ✗ ❤
✉
❥
❿ ➀
✭
✍ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ❢ ✹ ✗ ❤ ➅ ❥ ✖ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✡ ✎ ✟ ☞ ① ❧ ✱ ✍ ✕
✮ ❾
❧ ✒ ✑ ✑ ☛
✮
✠ ✕ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✡
✑
✬
✎ ✟ ☞ ❴ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✑
✬
✍ ❴ ☛ ✑ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✥ ☞ ➁ ✠ ✕ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✥ ✡ ✑
✬
✎ ✔ ✑ ❴ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✥ ☞ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✡
➆
✠ ✕ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❴ ☞ ☞
✮ ❼
❦
✍ ✕
✮
❴ ☛ ✑ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕
✍ ✕ ✖ ✌ ☞ ✛
❦
➇ ➈
✑ ✎ ✠ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✒ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✒ ☞ ✑
✬
✥
✭
✎
✭
✍ ✌ ✌ ✓
❴ ☞ ☛ ❴ ☞ ✕
✮
✠ ✒
✭
✌ ✍ ☛ ① ❧ ✱ ✍ ✕
✮ ❾
❧
✮
✠ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✡
✬
✑ ☛ ✎ ✟ ☞
✍ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✑
✬
✎ ✟ ☞ ❴ ☛ ✑ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✌ ☞ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✟ ✍ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✡
✭
✌ ✎ ☞
✮
✠ ✕
✍ ✡ ✠ ✥ ❴ ✌ ✠
✬
✠ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✗ ❖ ✕ ☞ ✑
✬
✎ ✟ ☞ ✒ ✑ ✥ ❴ ✑ ✕ ☞ ✕ ✎ ✡ ✑
✬
✏ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✠ ✎ ✓ ✱ ✠ ✗ ☞ ✗ ① ❧ ✒ ✑ ✥ ❴ ✑ ✕ ☞ ✕ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✥ ✍ ✠ ✕ ✡ ✒ ✑ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✎
✎ ✟ ☛ ✑
✭
✖ ✟ ✑
✭
✎ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✍ ✕
✮
✑ ✕ ✌ ✓ ✎ ✟ ☞
❾
❧ ✒ ✑ ✥ ❴ ✑ ✕ ☞ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✟ ✍ ✕ ✖ ☞ ✡ ✱ ✌ ✠ ✚ ☞ ✍ ✕ ✑ ❣ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✕
✬
☛ ☞ ☞
✬
✍ ✌ ✌
✠ ✕ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✒ ✍ ✌
✮
✠ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✗ ❚ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✡ ✟ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✖ ☛ ✍ ❴ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✓
✍ ✎
✬
☞ ✔ ✠ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✕ ❋ ✠ ✖ ✗ ✹ ✗ ✘ ➅ ✗
➈
✑ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✟ ☞ ❴ ✑ ✠ ✕ ✎
✑
✬
✥ ✍ ♠ ✠ ✥
✭
✥ ✟ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✟ ✎ ✱
❼
❸
❹ ❷
✍ ✕
✮
✎ ✟ ☞ ☛ ☞
✬
✑ ☛ ☞ ✱
➉ ➊ ➊
➋
➌ ➍➎ ➏
➐
➑
➑
➒
➓
➔ → ➣ ↔ ↕ ➙ ➛ ➜ ➛ ➝ ➞ ↔ ↕ ➟ ➛ ➝ ↔ ➞ ➠ ➛ ➡ ➢ ➤ ↕ ➙ ➥ ➢
➦
✟ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✡ ✟ ✍ ❴ ☞ ✑
✬
✎ ✟ ☞ ❴ ✍ ✎ ✟
✬
✑ ✌ ✌ ✑ ✔ ☞
✮
❣ ✓ ✎ ✟ ☞
❴ ☛ ✑ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✌ ☞
➧
❚ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✒ ✍ ✕ ❣ ☞ ✡ ☞ ☞ ✕ ❣ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✥ ✠ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✟ ☞
✎ ✠ ✥ ☞ ❣ ☞ ✎ ✔ ☞ ☞ ✕ ✎ ✟ ☞ ☞ ♠ ❴ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✡ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✡
✬
✑ ☛ ① ✍ ✕
✮ ❾
✍ ✡
✖ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✕ ✠ ✕ ❿ ➀ ✗ ❢ ✹ ✗ ❤ ➅ ❥ ✗
➦
☞ ✑ ❣ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✕
②
➨ ➩ ➫ ➭ ➯➲➳ ➵ ➸ ➺➻ ➸➼ ➸ ➽ ➾ ➼ ➸➚ ➪ ➶➹ ➺ ➘ ➴ ➸ ➪ ➶ ➹ ➺➶➷ ➬ ➻ ➺➮
✈
➶➱ ➸ ➹ ➻ ➺✃
❐
❒
➾ ➺ ➾ ➼
❮
➱ ➶
❰
Ï
✳
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✼ ✆
✝
✝
✭ ✞
✭ ✞
✷
♦
✷
♦ ♦
t ✟ ✠
✡ ☛ ☞ s
❣
② ✌ ✌
✈
✍
✍
❂ ✎
✏ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✔
◆✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✗ ✣
✤
❛ ✚ ✥ ✦
✤
❛ ✧ ✜ ✛ ✕ ✚ ✘ ★ ❛ ✚ ★ ✘ ✗ ✩ ✪ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✔
✙ ✘ ✕ ✐ ★ ✫ ✜ ✐ ✕ ✧ ✬ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✱
✴
✗ ✙ ✚ ✖ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✫ ✰ ❛ ✚ ✥ ✳ ❛ ✧ ✜
✛ ✕ ✚ ✘ ★ ❛ ✚ ★ ✘ ✒ ❝ ✫ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✘ ★ ✫ ✜ ✜ ✪ ✵ ❛ ★ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✕ ✐ ❛ ✶ ❛ ✧ ❛ ✸ ✕ ✹ ❛ ✗
✙ ✒ ✜ ✒ ★ ✫ ✜ ✶ ❛ ★ ✫ ✕ ✐ ★ ✫ ✜ ✶ ✧ ✕ ✺ ✜ ✛ ★ ✙ ✹ ✜ ✙ ✘ ❛ ✶ ❛ ✧ ❛ ✸ ✕ ✹ ❛
✏ ✻ ✙ ✽ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✾ ✿ ✔ ✒
❋ ❀ ❁ ❃ ❄ ❃❅❆ ❇ ❈ ❉ ❊ ● ❍❈ ■❏ ● ❊ ❑ ■▲ ❉ ▼ ❍ ❖ ◗ ❉ ❖ ❘ ● ❊ ● ❑ ● ❙ ■◗ ● ❚
❯ ❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❲ ❬ ❭ ❱ ❲ ❪ ❲ ❫ ❳ ❱ ❴ ❫ ❵
❜ ✕ ✖ ✬ ✵ ✛ ✫ ★ ✙ ✬ ✜ ✥ ✕ ✜ ✘ ★ ✫ ✜ ✶ ✧ ✕ ✺ ✜ ✛ ★ ✙ ✹ ✜ ★ ❛ ❞ ✜ ★ ✕ ✧ ✜ ❛ ✛ ✫
★ ✫ ✜ ✬ ❛ ❡ ✙ ✬ ✵ ✬ ✫ ✜ ✙ ✽ ✫ ★ ❢ ❤ ✜ ★ ★ ✫ ✙ ✘ ★ ✙ ✬ ✜ ✸ ✜ ✥ ✜ ✚ ✕ ★ ✜ ✥
✸ ❥ ❦
♠
✒ ❧ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ❛ ★ ★ ✫ ✙ ✘ ✶ ✕ ✙ ✚ ★ ✗ ✦
♥
✯ ✓ ✗ ✖ ✜ ✫ ❛ ♣ ✜ ✐ ✧ ✕ ✬
✩ ✪ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✒ q r ✔ ✉
✦
♥
✯ ✦
✇
✘ ✙ ✚ ✣
✇
①
✢ ❦
♠
✯ ✓
③
✧ ✗ ❦
♠
✯ ✦
✇
✘ ✙ ✚ ✣
✇
④
✢ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✾ ❛ ✔
❝ ✫ ✜ ★ ✕ ★ ❛ ✹ ★ ✙ ✬ ✜ ⑤
⑥
✥ ✵ ✧ ✙ ✚ ✽ ✖ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✫ ★ ✫ ✜ ✶ ✧ ✕ ✺ ✜ ✛ ★ ✙ ✹ ✜ ✙ ✘
✙ ✚ ✐ ✹ ✙ ✽ ✫ ★ ✛ ❛ ✚ ✸ ✜ ✕ ✸ ★ ❛ ✙ ✚ ✜ ✥ ✸ ❥ ✶ ✵ ★ ★ ✙ ✚ ✽ ✮
⑦
✓ ✙ ✚
✩ ✪ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✒ q ✿ ✔ ✒
⑧
✜ ✽ ✜ ★ ✉
⑤
⑥
⑦ ⑨
✏ ✦
✇
✘ ✙ ✚ ✣
✇
✔
⑩
✢ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✾ ✸ ✔
⑤
⑥
✙ ✘ ❞ ✚ ✕ ✖ ✚ ❛ ✘ ★ ✫ ✜ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❻ ❼ ❷ ❽ ❾ ❶ ✕ ✐ ★ ✫ ✜ ✶ ✧ ✕ ✺ ✜ ✛ ★ ✙ ✹ ✜ ✒
⑧
✜ ✚ ✕ ★ ✜ ★ ✫ ❛ ★ ⑤
⑥
⑦ ⑨
❦
♠
✗ ✖ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✘ ✜ ❡ ✶ ✜ ✛ ★ ✜ ✥
✸ ✜ ✛ ❛ ✵ ✘ ✜ ✕ ✐ ★ ✫ ✜ ✘ ❥ ✬ ✬ ✜ ★ ✧ ❥ ✕ ✐ ★ ✫ ✜ ✶ ❛ ✧ ❛ ✸ ✕ ✹ ✙ ✛ ✶ ❛ ★ ✫ ✒
❿ ❬ ❭ ❱ ❲ ❪ ❲ ❫ ❳ ❱ ❴ ❫ ❵ ❨ ❩ ❬ ➀ ➁ ❨ ➂ ❳ ➃ ❵ ❱ ➄ ❳
❝ ✫ ✜ ✬ ❛ ❡ ✙ ✬ ✵ ✬ ✫ ✜ ✙ ✽ ✫ ★
➅
♠
✧ ✜ ❛ ✛ ✫ ✜ ✥ ✸ ❥ ★ ✫ ✜
✶ ✧ ✕ ✺ ✜ ✛ ★ ✙ ✹ ✜ ✛ ❛ ✚ ✸ ✜ ✛ ❛ ✹ ✛ ✵ ✹ ❛ ★ ✜ ✥ ✸ ❥ ✘ ✵ ✸ ✘ ★ ✙ ★ ✵ ★ ✙ ✚ ✽
❦ ✯ ❦
♠
✙ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✒ q ✿ ✔ ✉
➆ ➇
➈
❈
➉
➉
➊
➊ ➉
➊
➋ ➌
➌ ➌
➍ ➍
➎
➏
➐
➐
➑
➒
➓
➓
➔
➎
➏
➐
➐
➑
➒
➓
➓
→ ➣ ↔
→ ➣ ↔
↕
→ ➣ ↔
➙
➙ ➙
➛
➜
➜ ➜
③
✧ ✗
➝ ➞
➟
➠
➡
➢
➤
➥ ➦ ➧
➨
➩
➫
➭
g
✏ ✑ ✒ ✑
⑨
✔
➯
❨ ➁ ❱
➲
❨
➳
❵ ❬ ➄ ➁ ❬
➳
❴ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ➀ ➁ ❨ ➂ ❳ ➃ ❵ ❱ ➄ ❳
❝ ✫ ✜ ✫ ✕ ✧ ✙
➵
✕ ✚ ★ ❛ ✹ ✥ ✙ ✘ ★ ❛ ✚ ✛ ✜ ★ ✧ ❛ ♣ ✜ ✹ ✹ ✜ ✥ ✸ ❥ ❛ ✶ ✧ ✕ ✺ ✜ ✛ ★ ✙ ✹ ✜
✐ ✧ ✕ ✬ ✙ ★ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✙ ★ ✙ ❛ ✹ ✶ ✕ ✘ ✙ ★ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✏ ✱ ✯ ✮ ✯ ✓
➸
★ ✕ ★ ✫ ✜ ✶ ✕ ✘ ✙ ★ ✙ ✕ ✚
✖ ✫ ✜ ✧ ✜ ✙ ★ ✶ ❛ ✘ ✘ ✜ ✘ ✮
⑦
✓ ✥ ✵ ✧ ✙ ✚ ✽ ✙ ★ ✘ ✐ ❛ ✹ ✹ ✙ ✘ ✛ ❛ ✹ ✹ ✜ ✥ ★ ✫ ✜
❾ ❺
➺
❷
➻
❺
➼
❶
➽
❼
➺➽ ➼
❽ ❹ ✗
➾
✒
➚
★ ✙ ✘ ★ ✫ ✜ ✥ ✙ ✘ ★ ❛ ✚ ✛ ✜ ★ ✧ ❛ ♣ ✜ ✹ ✹ ✜ ✥
✥ ✵ ✧ ✙ ✚ ✽ ★ ✫ ✜ ★ ✙ ✬ ✜ ✕ ✐ ✐ ✹ ✙ ✽ ✫ ★ ⑤
➪
✒ ❝ ✫ ✜ ✧ ✜ ✐ ✕ ✧ ✜ ✗ ★ ✫ ✜ ✧ ❛ ✚ ✽ ✜
➾
✙ ✘
➾ ⑦
✏ ✦
➶
✛ ✕ ✘ ✣
➶
✔ ✏ ⑤
➪
✔
⑦
✏ ✦
➶
✛ ✕ ✘ ✣
➶
✔ ✏
⑨
✦
➶
✘ ✙ ✚ ✣
➹
✔
⑩
✢
③
✧ ✗
➘
➉
➊
➌
➴
➍
→ ➣ ↔ ↕
➙
➜
✏ ✑ ✒ ✑ q ❛ ✔
✩ ✪ ✵ ❛ ★ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✑ q ❛ ✔ ✘ ✫ ✕ ✖ ✘ ★ ✫ ❛ ★ ✐ ✕ ✧ ❛ ✽ ✙ ♣ ✜ ✚
✶ ✧ ✕ ✺ ✜ ✛ ★ ✙ ✕ ✚ ♣ ✜ ✹ ✕ ✛ ✙ ★ ❥ ✦
➹
✗
➾
✙ ✘ ✬ ❛ ❡ ✙ ✬ ✵ ✬ ✖ ✫ ✜ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚
⑨
✣
➷
✙ ✘ ✬ ❛ ❡ ✙ ✬ ✵ ✬ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✜ ✒ ✗ ✖ ✫ ✜ ✚ ✣
➷
⑦
✑ ➬
➷
✒
❝ ✫ ✜ ✬ ❛ ❡ ✙ ✬ ✵ ✬ ✫ ✕ ✧ ✙
➵
✕ ✚ ★ ❛ ✹ ✧ ❛ ✚ ✽ ✜ ✙ ✘ ✗ ★ ✫ ✜ ✧ ✜ ✐ ✕ ✧ ✜ ✗
➮
➱
✃
❐
❒
❮
❰
✏ ✑ ✒ ✑ q ✸ ✔
Ï ❭ ❬ ❲ ➀ ➄ ❳ Ð Ñ Ò Ó
❛ ✹ ✙ ✹ ✜ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✫ ✙ ✘ ✸ ✕ ✕ ❞
Ô Õ
❺
➼
❹
Õ
Ö ×
❷ ❹
➼ ×
❹
Ö Ø
✘ ★ ❛ ★ ✜ ✥ ★ ✫ ❛ ★
Ù
✐ ✕ ✧ ✜ ✹ ✜ ♣ ❛ ★ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✘ ✖ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✫
✜ ❡ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✥ ✕ ✧ ✐ ❛ ✹ ✹ ✘ ✫ ✕ ✧ ★ ✕ ✐ ✑ ➬
Ú
✸ ❥ ✜ ✪ ✵ ❛ ✹
❛ ✬ ✕ ✵ ✚ ★ ✘ ✗ ★ ✫ ✜ ✧ ❛ ✚ ✽ ✜ ✘ ❛ ✧ ✜ ✜ ✪ ✵ ❛ ✹
Û
✒
Ü
✧ ✕ ♣ ✜ ★ ✫ ✙ ✘
✘ ★ ❛ ★ ✜ ✬ ✜ ✚ ★ ✒
Ý
➳
Þ ß ❳ ➁
✻ ✕ ✧ ❛ ✶ ✧ ✕ ✺ ✜ ✛ ★ ✙ ✹ ✜ ✹ ❛ ✵ ✚ ✛ ✫ ✜ ✥ ✖ ✙ ★ ✫ ♣ ✜ ✹ ✕ ✛ ✙ ★ ❥
à
á
❛ ★ ❛ ✚ ❛ ✚ ✽ ✹ ✜ ✣
✤
✗ ★ ✫ ✜ ✧ ❛ ✚ ✽ ✜ ✙ ✘ ✽ ✙ ♣ ✜ ✚ ✸ ❥
â
ã ä å æ
ç
è
é
ê
ë
ì
í
◆✕ ✖ ✗ ✐ ✕ ✧ ❛ ✚ ✽ ✹ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✏ ✑ ➬
Ú î ï
✔ ❛ ✚ ✥ ✏ ✑ ➬
Ú ð ï
✔ ✗
⑨
✣
➹
✙ ✘
✏ r ✓
Ú î ⑨ ï
✔ ❛ ✚ ✥ ✏ r ✓
Ú ð ⑨ ï
✔ ✗ ✧ ✜ ✘ ✶ ✜ ✛ ★ ✙ ♣ ✜ ✹ ❥ ✒ ❝ ✫ ✜
♣ ❛ ✹ ✵ ✜ ✘ ✕ ✐ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✏ r ✓
Ú î ⑨ ï
✔ ❛ ✚ ✥ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✏ r ✓
Ú ð ⑨ ï
✔ ❛ ✧ ✜
★ ✫ ✜ ✘ ❛ ✬ ✜ ✗ ✜ ✪ ✵ ❛ ✹ ★ ✕ ★ ✫ ❛ ★ ✕ ✐ ✛ ✕ ✘
⑨ ï
✒ ❝ ✫ ✜ ✧ ✜ ✐ ✕ ✧ ✜ ✗
✧ ❛ ✚ ✽ ✜ ✘ ❛ ✧ ✜ ✜ ✪ ✵ ❛ ✹ ✐ ✕ ✧ ✜ ✹ ✜ ♣ ❛ ★ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✘ ✖ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✫ ✜ ❡ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✥ ✕ ✧
✐ ❛ ✹ ✹ ✘ ✫ ✕ ✧ ★ ✕ ✐ ✑ ➬
Ú
✸ ❥ ✜ ✪ ✵ ❛ ✹ ❛ ✬ ✕ ✵ ✚ ★ ✘
ï
✒
ñ
Ï ❭ ❬ ❲ ➀ ➄ ❳ Ð Ñ
ò ó ✫ ✙ ❞ ✜ ✧ ✘ ★ ❛ ✚ ✥ ✘ ✕ ✚ ★ ✫ ✜ ✜ ✥ ✽ ✜
✕ ✐ ❛ ✛ ✹ ✙ ✐ ✐ ✑ r ✓ ✬ ❛ ✸ ✕ ♣ ✜ ★ ✫ ✜ ✽ ✧ ✕ ✵ ✚ ✥ ❛ ✚ ✥
★ ✫ ✧ ✕ ✖ ✘ ❛ ✘ ★ ✕ ✚ ✜ ✫ ✕ ✧ ✙
➵
✕ ✚ ★ ❛ ✹ ✹ ❥ ✖ ✙ ★ ✫ ❛ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✙ ★ ✙ ❛ ✹
✘ ✶ ✜ ✜ ✥ ✕ ✐ ✾ ➬ ✬ ✘
ô õ
✒ ◆✜ ✽ ✹ ✜ ✛ ★ ✙ ✚ ✽ ❛ ✙ ✧ ✧ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✘ ★ ❛ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✗
✐ ✙ ✚ ✥ ★ ✫ ✜ ★ ✙ ✬ ✜ ★ ❛ ❞ ✜ ✚ ✸ ❥ ★ ✫ ✜ ✘ ★ ✕ ✚ ✜ ★ ✕ ✧ ✜ ❛ ✛ ✫
★ ✫ ✜ ✽ ✧ ✕ ✵ ✚ ✥ ✗ ❛ ✚ ✥ ★ ✫ ✜ ✘ ✶ ✜ ✜ ✥ ✖ ✙ ★ ✫ ✖ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✫ ✙ ★
✫ ✙ ★ ✘ ★ ✫ ✜ ✽ ✧ ✕ ✵ ✚ ✥ ✒ ✏ ❝ ❛ ❞ ✜ ✢
⑦
r ✒ ✿ ✬ ✘
ô
ö
✔ ✒
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎ ✄ ✞ ✼ ✟
✠
❆ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ❲ ❡ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✏ ❡ ① ✲ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✛ ② ✲
✚ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✚ ✓ ✓ ✏ ❡ ❡ ✛ ✖ ❡ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✜ ✕ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✗ ✛ t ❂ ✢ ✒ ✚ ✓ ✓ ✏ ❡
✕ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✗ ❡ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✐ ✗ ✣ ✤ ✏ ✑ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✦ ❡
✛ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✘ ① ✲ ✚ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✧ ❡ ✚ ✜ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✚ ✜ ✦ ❡ ✜ ✑ ✎ ✕ ✓ ★
✚ ✗ ✛ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✦ ❡ ✛ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✘ ② ✲ ✚ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✧ ❡ ✓ ✏ ❡
✦ ❡ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✜ ★ ✈ ✥ ✐ ✚ ✔ ✛ ✛ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✣ ✩ ✏ ❡ ① ✲ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✛ ② ✲
✎ ✑ ❝ ✥ ✑ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✏ ❡ ❝ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✚ ✗ ✧ ❡ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✚ ✓ ❡ ✛
✕ ✗ ✛ ❡ ✥ ❡ ✗ ✛ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✜ ★ ✣ ✩ ✏ ❡ ❡ ✪ ✈ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✑ ✘ ❝ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✚ ✔ ❡ ✫
① ✬ t ✭ ✮ ①
♦
✯ ✰
♦ ✱
t
② ✬ t ✭ ✮ ②
♦
✯ ✰
♦ ✳
t ✯ ✴ ✵ ✶ ✷ ✸ ✹
✺
t
✻
❍ ❡ ✔ ❡ ✙ ①
✽
✮ ②
✽
❂ ✢ ✙ ✰
✽ ✾
❂ ✢ ✙ ✹
✺
✮ ➊ ✿ ❂ ❀ ❁ ✣ ❃ ❝ ✒
❄ ❅
❇
✰
✽ ❈
❂ ✵ ❉ ❝ ✒
❄ ❊
✣
✩ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✗ ❡ ✏ ✕ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✈ ✗ ✛ ✐ ✏ ❡ ✗ ② ✬ t ✭ ❂ ❀ ❋ ❁ ✢ ❝ ✣
❀ ❋ ❁ ✢ ❝ ❂ ❀ ✴ ✵ ✶ ✷ ✸ ✴ ❁ ✣ ❃ ✸ t
❅
✣
✩ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✦ ❡ ✒ t ❂ ✵ ✢ ✒ ✣
✩ ✏ ❡ ✦ ❡ ✜ ✑ ✎ ✕ ✓ ★ ✎ ✑ ❝ ✥ ✑ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✚ ✔ ❡ ✰
✱
✮ ✰
♦ ✱
✚ ✗ ✛
✰
✳
✮ ✰
♦ ✳
➊ ✿ t
✒ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✐ ✏ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✗ ❡ ✏ ✕ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✈ ✗ ✛ ✫
✰
♦ ✱
❂ ✵ ❉ ❝ ✒
● ❊
✰
♦ ✳
❂ ✢ ❀ ❁ ✣ ❃ ■ ✵ ✢ ❂ ❀ ❁ ❃ ❝ ✒
● ❊
✩ ✏ ❡ ✔ ❡ ✘ ✑ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✥ ❡ ❡ ✛ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✗ ❡ ✕ ✒
❏ ❏
❑ ▲ ◆ ❖ ◆ ◆ ♠ P
◗ ◗ ❘
❙ ❚
❯ ❯
❾
❱ ❳ ❱ ❳ ❨
❩ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ✌ ❵ ❜ ❞ ❢ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✎ ❣ ❡ ✓ ✧ ✚ ✜ ✜ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✐ ✗ ✚ ✓ ✚
✒ ✥ ❡ ❡ ✛ ✑ ✘ ✷ ❃ ❝ ✒
❤ ❥
✕ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ❦ ✢ ❧ ✚ ✧ ✑ ✦ ❡
✓ ✏ ❡ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✕ ♥ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✤✚ ✜ ✎ ✈ ✜ ✚ ✓ ❡ ✴ ✚ ✸ ✓ ✏ ❡ ❝ ✚ ❛ ✕ ❝ ✈ ❝
✏ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✙ ✴ ✧ ✸ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✓ ✕ ❝ ❡ ✓ ✚ ❣ ❡ ✗ ✧ ★ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✧ ✚ ✜ ✜ ✓ ✑
✔ ❡ ✓ ✈ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✚ ❝ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✦ ❡ ✜ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✛ ✴ ✎ ✸ ✓ ✏ ❡
✛ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✘ ✔ ✑ ❝ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✐ ❡ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✥ ✑ ✕ ✗ ✓
✐ ✏ ❡ ✔ ❡ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✧ ✚ ✜ ✜ ✔ ❡ ✓ ✈ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✚ ❝ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✦ ❡ ✜ ✣
❆ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✴ ✚ ✸ ✩ ✏ ❡ ❝ ✚ ❛ ✕ ❝ ✈ ❝ ✏ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✦ ❡ ✗ ✧ ★
♣ q
r s
r s
✉
✉
✇
③ ④ ⑤
⑥ ⑦ ③ ④ ⑤ ⑧ ⑨
⑩
⑥ ⑥
❶ ❷
⑦
❸
❹
❺
❻
❼
❽
➦
❿ ❿
❳
×
×
❳
❑
➀
❑
➀
➁ ◆ ➂ ❖
❑ ➃ ➂ ➃ ♠
✴ ✧ ✸ ✩ ✏ ❡ ✓ ✕ ❝ ❡ ✓ ✚ ❣ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✔ ❡ ✓ ✈ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✚ ❝ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✦ ❡ ✜ ✕ ✒
➄
➅
❂ ✴ ✷ ✰
➆
✒ ✕ ✗ ➇
➆
✸ ✶ ✿ ❂ ✴ ✷ ■ ✷ ❃ ■ ✒ ✕ ✗ ❦ ✢ ❧ ✸ ✶ ❁ ✣ ❃
❂ ✷ ❃ ✶ ❁ ✣ ❃ ✒ ➈ ✷ ✣ ❁ ✒
✴ ✎ ✸ ✩ ✏ ❡ ✛ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✘ ✔ ✑ ❝ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✐ ❡ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✥ ✑ ✕ ✗ ✓
✐ ✏ ❡ ✔ ❡ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✧ ✚ ✜ ✜ ✔ ❡ ✓ ✈ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✚ ❝ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✦ ❡ ✜ ✕ ✒
➉
➋ ➌
➍
➎ ➎
➏ ➐ ➑ ➒
➒
➓
➒
➓
➏ ➐ ➑
➔ →
➔
➣ ↔
➣ ↕
➓
➙
➛
➜
➝
➞ ➞
➟ ➟ ➟
❨
➠ ➡ ➢ ➢ ➤➥ ➧ ➨ ➩ ➫ ➭ ➯ ➧ ➫ ➯➤ ➲ ➳ ➫ ➭ ➩ ➵ ➧ ➩ ➥
❲ ✏ ❡ ✗ ✚ ✗ ✑ ✧
➸
❡ ✎ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✜ ✜ ✑ ✐ ✒ ✚ ✎ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✈ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✥ ✚ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✚
✎ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✥ ❡ ❡ ✛ ✙ ✓ ✏ ❡ ❝ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✑ ✧
➸
❡ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✜ ❡ ✛
➺ ➻ ➼ ➽ ➾ ➚➪ ➶ ➼ ➚ ➶ ➺ ➹ ➘ ➚ ➪ ➾ ➴ ➼ ➾ ➻ ✣ ✩ ✏ ❡ ✐ ✑ ✔ ✛ ➷ ✈ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✑ ✔ ❝ ➬
✔ ❡ ✘ ❡ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✥ ❡ ❡ ✛ ✙ ✐ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✈ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✑ ✔ ❝ ✴ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✸
✓ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✈ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✈ ✓ ✓ ✏ ❡ ❝ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✣ ➮ ✈ ✥ ✥ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✑ ✧
➸
❡ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✒
❝ ✑ ✦ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✐ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✈ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✑ ✔ ❝ ✒ ✥ ❡ ❡ ✛ ✰ ✕ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✜ ❡ ✑ ✘ ✔ ✚ ✛ ✕ ✈ ✒
➉
✚ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✐ ✗ ✕ ✗
➱
✕ ✖ ✣ ❋ ✣ ✵ ❁ ✣ ➮ ✕ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✦ ❡ ✜ ✑ ✎ ✕ ✓ ★ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✏ ❡
✑ ✧
➸
❡ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✈ ✑ ✈ ✒ ✜ ★ ✕ ✗ ✛ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✓ ✏ ❡
✑ ✧
➸
❡ ✎ ✓ ✈ ✗ ✛ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✑ ❡ ✒ ✚ ✎ ✎ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✔ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✣
✃
❡ ✓ ✈ ✒ ✘ ✕ ✗ ✛ ✓ ✏ ❡
❝ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✓ ✈ ✛ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✛ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✛ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✚ ✎ ✎ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✔ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✣
➥ ❐ ❒
➹
❐
➶ ➴ ➼ ➻
❒
➘ ➼ ➚ ➚
❐ ❮
➼
❮
➴ ➘ ➻ ➶
❐ ❰ Ï Ð
➘ ➴
Ñ
➾
❐ ❮
➴
Ð ❐
➘
❮ ❮
➺ ➪
Ò
➴ ➼ ➾ ➻ ➚
❐
➘ ➹ ➹
Ó
➪
❐
➘ ➻
Ô
❲ ✏ ✕ ✜ ❡ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✓ ✑ ✥ ✕ ✎ ✑ ✘ ✥ ✔ ✑
➸
❡ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✜ ❡ ❝ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✙
✐ ❡ ✏ ✚ ✦ ❡ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✓ ❡ ✛ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✐ ❡ ✚ ✒ ✒ ✈ ❝ ❡ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✓ ✏ ❡
✚ ✕ ✔ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✏ ✚ ✒ ✗ ✑ ❡ ✘ ✘ ❡ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✏ ❡ ❝ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗
✑ ✘ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✥ ✔ ✑
➸
❡ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✜ ❡ ✣
Õ
✑ ✈ ❝ ✈ ✒ ✓ ✈ ✗ ✛ ❡ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✛ ✐ ✏ ✚ ✓
✓ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✓ ❡ ❝ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✚ ✜ ✜ ★ ❝ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✣
➱
✔ ✕ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✎ ❡
✛ ✈ ❡ ✓ ✑ ✦ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✓ ★ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✔ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✚ ✔ ❡ ✚ ✜ ✜
✛ ✕ ✒ ✒ ✕ ✥ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✦ ❡ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✎ ❡ ✒ ✣
Ö
✗ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✥ ✔ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✑ ✘ ✚ ✗ ★ ✑ ✘
✒ ✈ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✎ ❡ ✒ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✖ ❝ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✗ ★ ✑ ✧
➸
❡ ✎ ✓ ✐ ✕ ✜ ✜
✜ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✒ ✑ ❝ ❡ ✥ ✚ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✘ ✕ ✓ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✚ ✜ ❡ ✗ ❡ ✔ ✖ ★ ✚ ✗ ✛
✎ ✑ ✗ ✒ ❡ ✪ ✈ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✜ ★ ✙ ❝ ✑ ❝ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✈ ❝ ✓ ✑ ✑ ✣ ✩ ✏ ✈ ✒ ✙ ✚
✥ ✔ ✑
➸
❡ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✜ ❡ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✦ ❡ ✔ ✒ ❡ ✒ ✚ ✥ ✚ ✔ ✚ ✧ ✑ ✜ ✕ ✎ ✥ ✚ ✓ ✏
✐ ✑ ✈ ✜ ✛ ✎ ❡ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✜ ★ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✐ ✛ ❡ ✦ ✕ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✔ ✑ ❝ ✕ ✓ ✒
✕ ✛ ❡ ✚ ✜ ✕ ✒ ❡ ✛ ✓ ✔ ✚
➸
❡ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✔ ★ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✥ ✔ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✑ ✘ ✚ ✕ ✔
✔ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✣
Ö
✓ ✐ ✕ ✜ ✜ ✗ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✕ ✓ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✈ ✗ ✛ ✐ ✕ ✓ ✏
✓ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✚ ❝ ❡ ✒ ✥ ❡ ❡ ✛ ✐ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✐ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✓ ✐ ✚ ✒ ✥ ✔ ✑
➸
❡ ✎ ✓ ❡ ✛
✘ ✔ ✑ ❝ ✕ ✓ ✣
Ö
✗ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✚ ✧ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✑ ✘ ✚ ✕ ✔ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✙ ✓ ✏ ❡
❛ ✲ ✎ ✑ ❝ ✥ ✑ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✦ ❡ ✜ ✑ ✎ ✕ ✓ ★ ✔ ❡ ❝ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✒
✎ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✛ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✑ ✗ ✜ ★ ✓ ✏ ❡ ★ ✲ ✎ ✑ ❝ ✥ ✑ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✓
✈ ✗ ✛ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✑ ❡ ✒ ✚ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✈ ✑ ✈ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✖ ❡ ✣ ❍ ✑ ✐ ❡ ✦ ❡ ✔ ✙
✕ ✗ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✥ ✔ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✑ ✘ ✚ ✕ ✔ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✙ ✧ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✘
✓ ✏ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✐ ✑ ✈ ✜ ✛ ✖ ❡ ✓ ✚ ✘ ✘ ❡ ✎ ✓ ❡ ✛ ✣ ✩ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✐ ✑ ✈ ✜ ✛ ❝ ❡ ✚ ✗
✓ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✔ ✚ ✗ ✖ ❡ ✐ ✑ ✈ ✜ ✛ ✧ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✑ ✗ ❡
✖ ✕ ✦ ❡ ✗ ✧ ★ Ø ✪ ✣ ✴ ❋ ✣ ❋ ❦ ✸ ✣ Ù ✚ ❛ ✕ ❝ ✈ ❝ ✏ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✓
✚ ✓ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✗ ❡ ✛ ✐ ✑ ✈ ✜ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✒ ✑ ✧ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✓
✥ ✔ ❡ ✛ ✕ ✎ ✓ ❡ ✛ ✧ ★ Ø ✪ ✣ ✴ ❋ ✣ ❋ ✷ ✸ ✣ ✤ ✚ ✗ ★ ✑ ✈ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✗ ✙
✚ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✥ ✚ ✓ ❡ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✖ ❡ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✓ ✕ ❝ ❡ ✑ ✘ ✘ ✜ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✓ Ú
Ö
✗ ✑ ✔ ✛ ❡ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✚ ✦ ✑ ✕ ✛ ✚ ✕ ✔ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✙ ✐ ❡ ✐ ✕ ✜ ✜
✏ ✚ ✦ ❡ ✓ ✑ ✥ ❡ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✔ ❝ ✓ ✏ ❡ ❡ ❛ ✥ ❡ ✔ ✕ ❝ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✦ ✚ ✎ ✈ ✈ ❝
✑ ✔ ✈ ✗ ✛ ❡ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✐ ✥ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✒ ✈ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✐ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✓ ❡ ✚ ✒ ★ ✣
❲ ✏ ❡ ✗ ✐ ❡ ✈ ✒ ❡ ✚ ✥ ✏ ✔ ✚ ✒ ❡ ✜ ✕ ❣ ❡ Û ✗ ❡ ✖ ✜ ❡ ✎ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✔
✔ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✎ ❡ Ü ✙ ✐ ❡ ✕ ❝ ✥ ✜ ★ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✖ ❡ ✕ ✗
✥ ✚ ✔ ✚ ❝ ❡ ✓ ❡ ✔ ✒ ✒ ✈ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✒ ✔ ✚ ✗ ✖ ❡ ✙ ✏ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✓ ❡ ✓ ✎ ✣ ✕ ✒
❝ ✈ ✎ ✏ ✒ ❝ ✚ ✜ ✜ ❡ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✕ ✔ ✦ ✚ ✜ ✈ ❡ ✒ ✐ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✈ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✔
✔ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✣ ✩ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✎ ✈ ✜ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✐ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✈ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✔
✔ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✕ ✒ ❝ ✈ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✕ ❝ ✥ ✜ ❡ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✐ ✕ ✓ ✏
✚ ✕ ✔ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✎ ❡ ✣
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✽ ✆
▲ ✝ ✞ r ✥ ✟ ✠ r ✡ ☛ ✝ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✑ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✥ ✟ ✠ ✈ ✥ ✟ ✠
✈ ✡ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✑ ✝ t ✍ ✒ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✍ ☛ ✕ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✖ ☞ ✝ ✟ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✎ ✥ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✟ ✞ ✗
✥ ✟ ✠ ✗ ✡ ✥ ✎ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✖ ✟ ✏ ✟ ✘ ✏ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✥ ✤ ✚ ✦✧ ✠ ✝ ✔ ✏ ✟ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ★
✑ ✝ t ✍ ✒ ✏ ✞ ✧ ✥ ✞ ✥ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✟ ✞ ✏ ✎ ✥ t ✍ ✟ ✙ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✞ ✥ ✟ ✙ ✝ ✟ ✞ ✥ ✞ ✞ ☞ ✥ ✞
✌ ✍ ✏ ✟ ✞ ✏ ✟ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✔
♣
✍ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✚
✩
☞ ✝ ✑ ✝ t ✍ ✒ ✏ ✞ ✧
✑ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✈ ✥ ✟ ✠ ✈ ✡ ✥ ✓ ✝ ✥ ✎ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✖ ✟ ✏ ✟ ✘ ✏ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✥ ✜ ✤ ✚
✪
✈ ✏ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✞ ✥ ✏ ✟ ✝ ✠ ✏ ✟ ✘ ✏ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✥
✫
✤
✬
✎ ✏ ✟ ✙ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✞ ✓ ✏ ✥ ✟ ✙ t ✝
t ✥ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✑ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✥ ✠ ✠ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✚ ❧ ✏ ✟ ✒ ✝ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✌ ✥ ✞ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✒
✬
t ✥ ✓ ★
✈ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✝ ✓ ✌ ✝ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✒
✬
t ✥ ✓ ✞ ✍ r ✥ ✟ ✠ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✈ ✡ ✞ ✍ r ✡ ✚
✩
☞ ✝ ✓ ✝ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✝ ★
✪
✈ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✝ ✓ ✌ ✝ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✒
✬
t ✥ ✓ ✞ ✍
✪
r✚ ❧ ✏ ✟ ✒ ✝
✥ ✑ ✝ ✓ ✥ ✙ ✝ ✥ ✒ ✒ ✝ t ✝ ✓ ✥ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✏ ✎ ✥ t ✍ ✟ ✙
✪
✈
❛
✭
❂
✮
✯
✰
✱
✲
✳
✴
✴ ✵
✶
✞ ☞ ✝
✥ ✑ ✝ ✓ ✥ ✙ ✝ ✥ ✒ ✒ ✝ t ✝ ✓ ✥ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟
❛
✏ ✎ ✌ ✝ ✓ ✌ ✝ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✒
✬
t ✥ ✓ ✞ ✍
✴ ✷ ✸ ■
✔
✖ ✝ ✌ t ✥ ✒ ✝
✪
✈ ✍ ✟ ✞ ☞ ✝ t ✏ ✟ ✝ ✞ ☞ ✥ ✞ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✥ ✟ ✙ t ✝
☛ ✝ ✞ ✖ ✝ ✝ ✟ r ✥ ✟ ✠ r ✡ ★ ✖ ✝ ✎ ✝ ✝ ✞ ☞ ✥ ✞ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✝ ✠ ✞ ✍ ✖ ✥ ✓ ✠ ✎
✞ ☞ ✝ ✒ ✝ ✟ ✞ ✓ ✝ ✍ ✔ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✒ t ✝ ✚ ✘ ✏ ✙
✬
✓ ✝ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✤ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✝
✎ ✥
♣
✝
s ✬
✥ ✟ ✞ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✎
♣
✥ t t ✝ ✓ ✞ ✏
♣
✝ ✏ ✟ ✞ ✝ ✓ ✑ ✥ t ✚
✪
✈ ✥ ✟ ✠
☞ ✝ ✟ ✒ ✝
❛
✏ ✎ ✥ ✙ ✥ ✏ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✝ ✠ ✞ ✍ ✖ ✥ ✓ ✠ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✒ ✝ ✟ ✞ ✓ ✝ ✚
■
✟ ✘ ✏ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✒ ✤ ★
✪ ✹
✺
✻
✥ ✟ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✥ ✑ ✝ ✓ ✥ ✙ ✝
✥ ✒ ✒ ✝ t ✝ ✓ ✥ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✝ ✒ ✍
♣
✝ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✏ ✟ ✎ ✞ ✥ ✟ ✞ ✥ ✟ ✝ ✍
✬
✎
✥ ✒ ✒ ✝ t ✝ ✓ ✥ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✚
■
✞ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✝ ✠ ✞ ✍ ✖ ✥ ✓ ✠ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✒ ✝ ✟ ✞ ✓ ✝ ✼ ✚
✩
☞
✬
✎ ★ ✖ ✝ ✔ ✏ ✟ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✥ ✞ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✥ ✒ ✒ ✝ t ✝ ✓ ✥ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✔ ✥ ✟ ✍ ☛ ✕ ✝ ✒ ✞
✏ ✟
✬
✟ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✓
♣
✒ ✏ ✓ ✒
✬
t ✥ ✓
♣
✍ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✏ ✎ ✥ t ✖ ✥ ✧ ✎ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✝ ✠
✞ ✍ ✖ ✥ ✓ ✠ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✒ ✝ ✟ ✞ ✓ ✝ ✍ ✔ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✒ t ✝ ✚ ▲ ✝ ✞
✬
✎ ✟ ✍ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✟ ✠
✞ ☞ ✝
♣
✥ ✙ ✟ ✏ ✞
✬
✠ ✝ ✍ ✔ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✥ ✒ ✒ ✝ t ✝ ✓ ✥ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✚
✩
☞ ✝
♣
✥ ✙ ✟ ✏ ✞
✬
✠ ✝ ✍ ✔ ✾ ✏ ✎ ★ ☛ ✧ ✠ ✝ ✔ ✏ ✟ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ★ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✝ ✟ ☛ ✧
✿
❀
❁
❃❄
❄
❄
❅ ❆
❇
▲ ✝ ✞ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✥ ✟ ✙ t ✝ ☛ ✝ ✞ ✖ ✝ ✝ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✑ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✎ r ✥ ✟ ✠
r ✡ ☛ ✝
✪
❈ ✚ ❧ ✏ ✟ ✒ ✝ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✑ ✝ t ✍ ✒ ✏ ✞ ✧ ✑ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✈ ✥ ✟ ✠ ✈ ✡ ✥ ✓ ✝
✥ t ✖ ✥ ✧ ✎ ✌ ✝ ✓ ✌ ✝ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✒
✬
t ✥ ✓ ✞ ✍ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✑ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✎ ★ ✞ ☞ ✝
✥ ✟ ✙ t ✝ ☛ ✝ ✞ ✖ ✝ ✝ ✟ ✞ ☞ ✝
♣
✏ ✎ ✥ t ✎ ✍
✪
❈ ✚
✩
☞ ✝ ✓ ✝ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✝ ★ ✞ ☞ ✝
✞ ✓ ✏ ✥ ✟ ✙ t ✝
❉❊ ❊
✡ ✔ ✍ ✓
♣
✝ ✠ ☛ ✧ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✑ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✥ ✟ ✠
✞ ☞ ✝ ✞ ✓ ✏ ✥ ✟ ✙ t ✝
❋ ● ■
✔ ✍ ✓
♣
✝ ✠ ☛ ✧ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✑ ✝ t ✍ ✒ ✏ ✞ ✧ ✑ ✝ ✒ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✎
✈ ★ ✈ ✡ ✥ ✟ ✠
✪
✈ ✥ ✓ ✝ ✎ ✏
♣
✏ t ✥ ✓ ✣ ✘ ✏ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✥ ✤ ✚
✩
☞ ✝ ✓ ✝ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✝ ★
✞ ☞ ✝ ✓ ✥ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✍ ✔ ✞ ☞ ✝ ☛ ✥ ✎ ✝ ❍ t ✝ ✟ ✙ ✞ ☞ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✝ ❍ t ✝ ✟ ✙ ✞ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✓
✍ ✟ ✝ ✍ ✔ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✞ ✓ ✏ ✥ ✟ ✙ t ✝ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✝
s ✬
✥ t ✞ ✍ ✞ ☞ ✥ ✞ ✍ ✔ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✍ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✓
✞ ✓ ✏ ✥ ✟ ✙ t ✝ ✚
✩
☞ ✥ ✞ ✏ ✎ ❏
❑
❑
▼ ◆
v R
❖
◗ ✓ ★
❘
❘
❙
❚
❯ ❱
❲
✩
☞ ✝ ✓ ✝ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✝ ★
❛
✭
✷ ✷
❂
❳
❂
❳
❂
❳✴
✴
✴
✴
✴
✴
✴
✴
✴
❨ ❩ ❩
❬ ❬
❩
✵
✵
❭
✵
❭
✵
✵
■
✔
✪
✞ ✏ ✎ ✎
♣
✥ t t ★
✪
❪ ✖ ✏ t t ✥ t ✎ ✍ ☛ ✝ ✎
♣
✥ t t ✥ ✟ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✟ ✥ ✓ ✒
✗ ✗ ❫ ✒ ✥ ✟ ☛ ✝ ✥ ✌ ✌ ✓ ✍ ❴ ✏
♣
✥ ✞ ✝ t ✧ ✞ ✥ ❵ ✝ ✟ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✝ ❜
✪
r❜ ❏
❝ ❝❞ ❡ ❢ ❣
❤
❤
✐
❥
❦ ♠
◗ ✓ ★
✴
✴
✴
✵
♥
✵
❭
❳
❂
✷
✩
☞ ✝ ✓ ✝ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✝ ★ ✞ ☞ ✝ ✒ ✝ ✟ ✞ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✝ ✞ ✥ t ✥ ✒ ✒ ✝ t ✝ ✓ ✥ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✟
♦
q
✏ ✎ ❏
✉ ✇ ① ② ③ ② ④⑤ ⑥ ⑦⑧ ⑨⑩ ❶
✵
❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❸ ⑩ ⑩ ⑦⑧ ⑦❻ ❸
✵
❶ ⑨ ❹ ⑨❼ ❸ ❹ ⑨❽ ❾ ⑦ ⑩
✵
❶ ❹ ❿ ❹ ❶ ❼ ⑨❻ ➀ ⑩ ❶ ❻ ⑩ ❿ ⑧ ❸ ❻ ➀ ⑨
✵
❶ ⑨ ❹ ➁ ➂ ➃ ⑦
✵
❶ ➀ ⑦ ❶ ❹
✵
⑦❻
❭
❸ ⑧
✴ ✵
❺ ⑦ ⑩ ❻ ⑦ ❸ ➄ ⑦➄ ❼ ❻ ⑨➀
➅ ❸ ➆
✵
⑨ ➅ ⑩ ➆ ➇➃ ⑦❻ ⑦ ❶
✵
❶ ➄ ➈ ⑦ ❻ ⑨➁ ➂ ➃ ⑦ ❸ ⑩ ⑩ ⑦ ⑧ ⑦❻ ❸
✵
❶ ⑨ ❹ ❶ ➄ ❺ ❶ ❻ ⑦ ⑩
✵
⑦ ❺ ➉ ❸
✵
⑦❸ ⑩ ➃ ➊ ⑨❶ ❹
✵
⑨ ❼
✵
➃ ⑦ ➊ ❸
✵
➃ ➉
✵
⑨ ➇ ❸ ❻ ❺ ➄
✵
➃ ⑦ ⑩ ⑦ ❹
✵
❻ ⑦ ⑨ ❼
✵
➃ ⑦ ⑩ ❶ ❻ ⑩ ⑧ ⑦➁
✼ ➋ ❹
✵
➃ ⑦ ⑧ ❶ ➀❶
✵ ✴ ✵
➌ ♥ ➉
✴ ✷
❽ ⑦ ⑩ ⑨ ➀ ⑦➄ ➊ ⑦❻ ➊ ⑦ ❹ ❺ ❶ ⑩ ❿ ⑧ ❸ ❻
✵
⑨
✷
➁ ➋ ❹
✵
➃ ❶ ➄ ⑧ ❶ ➀❶
✵ ✴
✭ ➍ ➎ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❶ ➄ ⑩ ⑨ ❹ ➄⑦ ➏ ❿ ⑦❹
✵
⑧ ❷ ❸ ⑧ ➄⑨ ➊ ⑦❻ ➊ ⑦ ❹ ❺ ❶ ⑩ ❿ ⑧ ❸ ❻
✵
⑨ ➐ ➁ ➂ ➃ ⑦❻ ⑦ ❼ ⑨❻ ⑦➉
✵
➃ ⑦ ❸ ⑩ ⑩ ⑦⑧ ⑦❻ ❸
✵
❶ ⑨ ❹ ❶ ➄ ❺ ❶ ❻ ⑦ ⑩
✵
⑦ ❺
✵
⑨ ➇❸ ❻ ❺ ➄
✵
➃ ⑦ ⑩ ⑦ ❹
✵
❻ ⑦➉ ❸
✵
⑦ ❸ ⑩ ➃ ➊ ⑨ ❶ ❹
✵
⑨ ❼
✵
➃ ⑦ ⑩ ❶ ❻ ⑩ ❿ ⑧ ❸ ❻ ➊ ❸
✵
➃ ➁
⑧ ❶ ➀
⑧ ❶ ➀⑧ ❶ ➀ ⑧ ❶ ➀
⑧ ❶ ➀
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎ ✄ ✞ ✽ ✟
✠
❛
❝
✥
✈
❘
✌ ✡
✎ ☛
✍ ☞
✏ ✥ ✏
✷
✴ ✑ ✭ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✒ ✔
❚ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✦ ★ ✛ ✧ ✦ ✩ ✪ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✫ ✦ ✬ ✤ ✧ ✮ ✯ ✤ ✙ ✕
✗ s ✚ ✚ ✰ ✏ ✤ ✧ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✚ ✦ ★ ✣ ✛ ✰ ✤ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✕ ✛ ✗ ✛ ✫ ✛ ✮ ✧ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✰ ✚
✏
✷
✴ ✑ ✛ ✧ ✰ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✯ ✛ ✱ ✗ ❞ ✲ ✳ ✵ ✶ ✸ ✵ ❞ ✸ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✳ ❞ ✼ ✸ ✾ ✵ ✶ ✵ ✿ ✸ ✳ ✵ ✓
❚ ✕ ✤ ✗ ✤ ✗ ✯ ✕ ✱ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✛ ✢ ✢ ✚ ✰ ✶ ✵ ✿ ✸ ✳ ✲
❀
✵ ✸ ✻
❁
✻ ✶ ✶ ✵
❁
✵ ✳✻ ✸✲ ✹ ✿ ✭ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✣ ✫ s ✣ ✦ s ✦ ✗ ✚ ✰ ✩ ✱ ❂✚ ✯ ✙ ✦ ✧ ✔ ✓ ❃
✙ ✕ ✦ ✣ ✦ ✖ ✮ ✕ ✛ ✧ ✛ ✢ ✱ ✗ ✤ ✗ ✦ ★ ✜ ✚ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✤ s ✚ ✙ ✛ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✛ ✗
★ ✤ ✣ ✗ ✙ s ✖ ✩ ✢ ✤ ✗ ✕ ✚ ✰ ✤ ✧ ❢ ❄ ❅ ❆ ✩ ✱ ✙ ✕ ✚ ❇ ✖ ✙ ✜ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✚ ✧ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✙
❈✕ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✛ ✧ ❉ ✖ ✱ ✮ ✚ ✧ ✗ ✭ ❢ ❄ ❊ ❋ ● ❢ ❄ ❋ ❍ ✔ ✩ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✙ ✯ ✛ ✗
s ✣ ✦ ✩ ✛ ✩ ✢ ✱
♦
✧ ✦ ✯ ✧ ✙ ✦ ❂✚ ✯ ✙ ✦ ✧ ✛ ✢ ✗ ✦ ✗ ✦ ✫ ✚ ✱ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✢ ✤ ✚ ✣ ✓
➇
❈ ✚ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✤ s ✚ ✙ ✛ ✢
■
✜ ✦ ✫ ✚ ✗ ★ ✣ ✦ ✫ ✛
❏
✣ ✚ ✚
♦
✙ ✚ ✣ ✫ ✯ ✕ ✤ ✜ ✕ ✫ ✚ ✛ ✧ ✗
➅ ✜ ✚ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✚ ● ✗ ✚ ✚
♦
✤ ✧ ✮ ❑ ✓ ▲ ✤ ✧ ✜ ✚ ✏ ✛ ✧ ✰ ✑ ✛ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✧ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✚
✫ ✛ ✮ ✧ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✰ ✚ ✦ ★ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✤ s ✚ ✙ ✛ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✗ ✦
✜ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✧ ✙ ✓ ❉ ✦ ✯ ✚ ✬ ✚ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✰ ✤ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✕ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✚ ✗
◆
s ✦ ✤ ✧ ✙ ✤ ✧ ✮ ✛ ✢ ✯ ✛ ✱ ✗ ✙ ✦ ✯ ✛ ✣ ✰ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✚ ✓ ❚ ✕ ✚ ✣ ✚ ★ ✦ ✣ ✚ ✘ ✛
✜ ✚ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✤ s ✚ ✙ ✛ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✤ ✗ ✧ ✦ ✙ ✛ ✜ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✧ ✙ ✬ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✦ ✣ ✓
❲
✚ ✕ ✛ ✬ ✚ ✛ ✧ ✦ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✣ ✯ ✛ ✱ ✦ ★ ✰ ✚ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✤ ✧ ✮ ✙ ✕ ✚
✬ ✚ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✤ ✙ ✱ ✛ ✧ ✰ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✦ ★ ✛ ✧ ✦ ✩ ✪ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✤ ✧
✖ ✧ ✤ ★ ✦ ✣ ✫ ✜ ✤ ✣ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✫ ✦ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✓ ❃ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✦ ✩ ✪ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✫ ✦ ✬ ✚ ✗
★ ✣ ✦ ✫
❖
✙ ✦
❖ P
✤ ✧ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✚
◗t
✭ ✥
t P ➊ t
✔ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✢ ✤ ✧ ✚ ❈
❖
✭
❙
✤ ✮ ✓ ✒ ✓ ❢ ❋ ✔ ✙ ✖ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✣ ✦ ✖ ✮ ✕ ✛ ✧ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✢ ✚
◗❯
✛ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✦ ✯ ✧
✤ ✧ ✙ ✕ ✚ ★ ✤ ✮ ✖ ✣ ✚ ✓
◗❯
✤ ✗ ✜ ✛ ✢ ✢ ✚ ✰ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✖ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✰ ✤ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✚ ✓
❲
✚
✰ ✚ ★ ✤ ✧ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✖ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✗ s ✚ ✚ ✰
❱
✭
❏
✣ ✚ ✚
♦
✢ ✚ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✣ ✦ ✫ ✚ ✮ ✛ ✔
✛ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✦ ★ ✜ ✕ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✚ ✦ ★ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✖ ✢ ✛ ✣
✰ ✤ ✗ s ✢ ✛ ✜ ✚ ✫ ✚ ✧ ✙
❳
❨
❩
❬
❭
❭ ❪
✭ ✒ ✓ ✒ ❍ ✔
❂ ✦ ✯ ✘ ✤ ★ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✰ ✤ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✚ ✙ ✣ ✛ ✬ ✚ ✢ ✢ ✚ ✰ ✩ ✱ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✦ ✩ ✪ ✚ ✜ ✙
✰ ✖ ✣ ✤ ✧ ✮ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✚
◗t
✤ ✗
◗
✗ ✘ ✤ ✓ ✚ ✓ ❫ ❫ ❴ ✤ ✗
◗
❵ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✧
❳
❜
❡
❣
❤
✐
✐
✩ ✖ ✙
◗
❵ ✥ ✑
◗❯
✓ ❚ ✕ ✚ ✣ ✚ ★ ✦ ✣ ✚
❳
❥ ❦
❪
❬ ❬
❭
❭
❩
❨
❧
✏ ♠ ✑
❱
✭ ✒ ✓ ✒ ❄ ✔
❲
✚ ✜ ✛ ✧ ✚
♥
s ✣ ✚ ✗ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✤ s ✚ ✙ ✛ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ❛
♣
✤ ✧
✙ ✚ ✣ ✫ ✗ ✦ ★ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✖ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✗ s ✚ ✚ ✰
❳
q
r
✉
✉
✉
✉
✇
① ① ①
② ②
②
③
③
④
⑤ ⑥
⑦
⑧ ⑨
⑩
✭ ✒ ✓ ✒ ❅ ✔
❚ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✚ ✙ ✛
♦
✚ ✧ ✩ ✱ ✛ ✧ ✦ ✩ ✪ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✙ ✦ ✫ ✛
♦
✚ ✦ ✧ ✚ ✣ ✚ ✬ ✦ ✢ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧
✤ ✗
♦
✧ ✦ ✯ ✧ ✛ ✗ ✤ ✙ ✗ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✚ s ✚ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✰ ❶ ✛ ✧ ✰ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✧ ✖ ✫ ✩ ✚ ✣ ✦ ★
✣ ✚ ✬ ✦ ✢ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✫ ✛ ✰ ✚ ✤ ✧ ✦ ✧ ✚ ✗ ✚ ✜ ✦ ✧ ✰ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✛ ✢ ✢ ✚ ✰ ✤ ✙ ✗
★ ✣ ✚ ❷ ✖ ✚ ✧ ✜ ✱ ❸ ✭ ✥ ❢ ❹ ❶ ✔ ✓ ❉ ✦ ✯ ✚ ✬ ✚ ✣ ✘ ✰ ✖ ✣ ✤ ✧ ✮ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✗ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✚
✰ ✤ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✚ ✫ ✦ ✬ ✚ ✰ ✩ ✱ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✦ ✩ ✪ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✤ ✗ ❵ ✥ ❊ ❺ ✑ ✓
❚ ✕ ✚ ✣ ✚ ★ ✦ ✣ ✚ ✘ ✏ ✥ ❊ ❺ ✑ ❹ ❶ ✥ ❊ ❺ ✑ ❸ ✭ ✒ ✓ ✒ ❻ ✔
❼ ✧ ✙ ✚ ✣ ✫ ✗ ✦ ★ ★ ✣ ✚ ❷ ✖ ✚ ✧ ✜ ✱ ❸ ✘ ✯ ✚ ✕ ✛ ✬ ✚
❱
✥ ❊ ❺ ❸
✏ ✥ ❊ ❺ ✑ ❸
❛
♣
✥ ✒ ❺
❽
❸
❽
✑ ✭ ✒ ✓ ✒ ❋ ✔
❾ ❿ ➀ ➁ ➂ ➃ ➄ ➆ ➈ ➉ ➋
❃ ✧ ✤ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✙ ✣ ✛ s s ✚ ✰ ✤ ✧ ✛
✜ ✤ ✣ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✮ ✣ ✦ ✦ ✬ ✚ ✦ ★ ✣ ✛ ✰ ✤ ✖ ✗ ❢ ❊ ✜ ✫ ✫ ✦ ✬ ✚ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✦ ✧ ✮
✙ ✕ ✚ ✮ ✣ ✦ ✦ ✬ ✚ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✰ ✤ ✢ ✱ ✛ ✧ ✰ ✜ ✦ ✫ s ✢ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✗ ❅
✣ ✚ ✬ ✦ ✢ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✤ ✧ ❢ ➌ ➌ ✗ ✓ ✭ ✛ ✔
❲
✕ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚
✛ ✧ ✮ ✖ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✗ s ✚ ✚ ✰ ✘ ✛ ✧ ✰ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✢ ✤ ✧ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✗ s ✚ ✚ ✰ ✦ ★ ✙ ✕ ✚
✫ ✦ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ➍ ✭ ✩ ✔ ❼ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✬ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✦ ✣ ✛
✜ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✧ ✙ ✬ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✦ ✣ ➍
❲
✕ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✤ ✙ ✗ ✫ ✛ ✮ ✧ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✰ ✚ ➍
➎ ➏ ➐ ➑
➄
➒ ❚ ✕ ✤ ✗ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✧ ✚
♥
✛ ✫ s ✢ ✚ ✦ ★ ✖ ✧ ✤ ★ ✦ ✣ ✫ ✜ ✤ ✣ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✛ ✣
✫ ✦ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✓ ❉ ✚ ✣ ✚ ✑ ✥ ❢ ❊ ✜ ✫ ✓ ❚ ✕ ✚ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✖ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✗ s ✚ ✚ ✰ ➓ ✤ ✗
✮ ✤ ✬ ✚ ✧ ✩ ✱
❱
✥ ❊ ❺ ❹ ❶ ✥ ❊ ❺ × ❅ ❹ ❢ ➌ ➌ ✥ ➌ ✓ ✒ ✒ ✣ ✛ ✰ ❹ ✗
❚ ✕ ✚ ✢ ✤ ✧ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✗ s ✚ ✚ ✰ ✏ ✤ ✗
❳
✏ ✥ ➓ ✑ ✥ ➌ ✓ ✒ ✒ ✗
➔ →
× ❢ ❊ ✜ ✫ ✥ ❍ ✓ ❆ ✜ ✫ ✗
➔ →
❚ ✕ ✚ ✰ ✤ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✦ ★ ✬ ✚ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✤ ✙ ✱ ➣ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✦ ✧ ✮ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✚ ✧ ✙
✙ ✦ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✜ ✤ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✬ ✚ ✣ ✱ s ✦ ✤ ✧ ✙ ✓ ❚ ✕ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✤ ✗
✰ ✤ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✚ ✰ ✙ ✦ ✯ ✛ ✣ ✰ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✚ ✦ ★ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✜ ✤ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✚ ✓ ▲ ✤ ✧ ✜ ✚
✙ ✕ ✤ ✗ ✰ ✤ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✕ ✛ ✧ ✮ ✚ ✗ ✜ ✦ ✧ ✙ ✤ ✧ ✖ ✦ ✖ ✗ ✢ ✱ ✘
✛ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✕ ✚ ✣ ✚ ✤ ✗
↔ ↕ t
✛ ✜ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✧ ✙ ✬ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✦ ✣ ✓
❉ ✦ ✯ ✚ ✬ ✚ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✫ ✛ ✮ ✧ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✰ ✚ ✦ ★ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✤ ✗
✜ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✧ ✙
❳
❛ ✥
❱
❽
✑ ✥ ✭ ➌ ✓ ✒ ✒ ✗
➙
→
✔
❽
✭ ❢ ❊ ✜ ✫ ✔
✥ ❊ ✓ ❆ ✜ ✫ ✗
➔ ❽
➛
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✽ ✆
❙ ✝ ✞ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡
✶ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ❛ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛❛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✤ ✥ ✣ ✢ ✦ ✧ ❛ ★ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✛✩ ✙ ✤ ✪ ✜ ✫ ✬ ☛ ✭ ✮ ❛ ✧ ✯ ✫ ✙ ✤ ❛ ✘ ✙ ✩ ✣ ✤ ✢ ❛ ✜ ✰ ✙ ✱ ✤ ✯ ✙ ✙ ✩ ✱
✧ ❛ ✤ ✤ ❛ ✜ ✩ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✯ ✙ ✘ ❛ ✢ ✛✘ ✙ ☛
✷
☛
❱
✖ ✌ ✔
❡
✏ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ❛ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛❛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✤ ✥ ✣ ✢ ✦ ✧ ❛ ★ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✛✩ ✙ ❛ ✜ ✩ ✩ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✜
✲
✪ ✢ ✦ ☛ ✭ ✮ ❛ ✧ ✯ ✫ ✙ ✤ ❛ ✘ ✙
✩ ✣ ✤ ✯ ✫ ❛ ✰ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✱ ❞ ✙ ✫ ✪ ✰ ✣ ✢ ✬ ❛ ✜ ✩ ❛ ✰ ✰ ✙ ✫ ✙ ✘ ❛ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✜ ☛ ✳ ✦ ✙ ✬ ✪
✲
✙ ✬ ✤ ✯ ✙ ✰ ✣ ❛ ✫ ✘ ✛✫ ✙ ✤ ✪ ✴ ❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘ ❛ ✫ ★✙
✲
✘ ❛ ☛
✸
☛
❆
❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘
✟
✧ ✛ ✫ ✢ ✣ ✯ ✫ ✣ ✙ ✩
✲
✬ ❛ ✘ ✙ ❛ ✫ ✜ ✛✧
✲
✙ ✘
✵
✣ ✤ ❛ ✫ ✤ ✪ ❛ ❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘ ✱ ✥ ✦ ✪ ✤ ✙ ✧ ❛ ★✜ ✣ ✢ ✛✩ ✙ ✣ ✤
✵
✢ ✣ ✧ ✙ ✤
✢ ✦ ✙ ✧ ❛ ★✜ ✣ ✢ ✛✩ ✙ ✪ ✴ ✢ ✦ ✙ ❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘
✟
❛ ✜ ✩ ✥ ✦ ✪ ✤ ✙ ✩ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✜ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✤ ❛ ✧ ✙ ✪ ✘ ✪ ✯ ✯ ✪ ✤ ✣ ✢ ✙ ✩ ✙ ✯ ✙ ✜ ✩ ✣ ✜ ★
✛✯ ✪ ✜ ✥ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✘
✵
✣ ✤ ✯ ✪ ✤ ✣ ✢ ✣ ❞ ✙ ✪ ✘ ✜ ✙ ★ ❛ ✢ ✣ ❞ ✙ ☛
✹ ☛ ✳ ✥ ✪ ❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘ ✤
✟
❛ ✜ ✩ ❇ ✧ ❛ ✬
✲
✙ ✍ ✺ ✺ ✖✺ ✻ ✏ ✍ ✼ ✾ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✿ ✛✤ ✣ ✜ ★ ✾ ✖ ✍ ✺ ❤ ✔
❡
❤ ✔✍ ✕ ✎ ❀ ✖✔ ✾
❡
✺ ✪ ✘ ✼ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✖ ✎
❡
✻ ✏ ✍ ❀
❀✖✔✾
❡
✺ ☛
❁
☛
❂
✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘ ❛ ✩ ✩ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✜ ✣ ✤ ✌
❡
❀❀ ✒ ✔✍ ✔ ✕
❝
✖
❃
✟ ❄
❇
❅
❇
❄ ✟
■ ✢ ❛ ✫ ✤ ✪ ✪
✲
✙ ✬ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✍ ✗✗
❡
✌ ✕ ✍ ✔ ✕
❝
✖ ✎ ✍ ❈
❃
❉ ✟ ❄
❇
❊ ❄ ❋ ❅ ✟ ❄ ❉
❇
❄ ❋ ❊
●
☛
❆
✓ ✒ ✎ ✎ ✪ ✘
③
✖ ✏
❡ ❝
✖ ✌ ✔
❡
✏ ✣ ✤ ❛ ❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘ ✥ ✣ ✢ ✦
✐
✙ ✘ ✪ ✧ ❛ ★✜ ✣ ✢ ✛✩ ✙ ☛
❍
✣ ✜ ✰ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✧ ❛ ★✜ ✣ ✢ ✛✩ ✙ ✣ ✤
✐
✙ ✘ ✪ ✱ ✥ ✙
✩ ✪ ✜ ❏ ✢ ✦ ❛ ❞ ✙ ✢ ✪ ✤ ✯ ✙ ✰ ✣ ✴ ✬ ✣ ✢ ✤ ✩ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✜ ☛ ■ ✢ ✦ ❛ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✯ ✘ ✪ ✯ ✙ ✘ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✤
❃
✟ ❄ ❑ ❅ ✟
✵ ❑ ❅ ❑
▲ ✟ ❅ ❑
▼ ☛ ✳ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✒ s ✔✏ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✕
❡
✓ ✪ ✴ ❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘ ❇ ✴ ✘ ✪ ✧
✟
✣ ✤ ✩ ✙ ✴ ✣ ✜ ✙ ✩ ❛ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✤ ✛✧ ✪ ✴
✟
❛ ✜ ✩ ➊ ❇
❃
✟
➊ ❇
❅ ✟ ❄ ❉
➊ ❇
❊
◆ ☛
❆
❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘
✟
✰ ❛ ✜
✲
✙ ✏ ✖ ✗
❡
✎
❝
✖ ✺ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✪ ✰ ✪ ✧ ✯ ✪ ✜ ✙ ✜ ✢ ❛ ✫ ✪ ✜ ★ ✢ ✥ ✪ ★ ✣ ❞ ✙ ✜ ❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘ ✤ ❖ ❛ ✜ ✩ ❜ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✜ ★ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✙
✤ ❛ ✧ ✙ ✯ ✫ ❛ ✜ ✙
❃
✟ ❅
◗ ❖
❄
➭ ❜
✥ ✦ ✙ ✘ ✙
✵
❛ ✜ ✩ ❘ ❛ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✙ ❛ ✫ ✜ ✛ ✧
✲
✙ ✘ ✤ ☛
❚ ☛
❆
✒ ✓ ✕ ✔
❝
✖ ✌ ✔
❡
✏ ❛ ✤ ✤ ✪ ✰ ✣ ❛ ✢ ✙ ✩ ✥ ✣ ✢ ✦ ❛ ❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘
✟
✦ ❛ ✤ ✧ ❛ ★ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✛ ✩ ✙ ✪ ✜ ✙ ❛ ✜ ✩ ✣ ✤ ❛ ✫ ✪ ✜ ★ ✢ ✦ ✙ ❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘
✟ ❃
❼
♥
❯
❯
❲
✳ ✦ ✙ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✢ ❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘ ✤
❳ ❳ ❳
❨ ❩ ❬ ❩ ❭
❛ ✘ ✙ ❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘ ✤ ✪ ✴ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✧ ❛ ★ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✛✩ ✙ ❛ ✜ ✩ ✯ ✪ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✩ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✜ ✪ ✴
✢ ✦ ✙ ①❤ ❪ ✿ ❫ ✱ ❛ ✜ ✩
③
❤ ❛ ✮ ✙ ✤ ✱ ✘ ✙ ✤ ✯ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✣ ❞ ✙ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✜ ❛ ✘ ✣ ★✦ ✢ ❫ ✦ ❛ ✜ ✩ ✙ ✩ ✰ ✪ ✪ ✘ ✩ ✣ ✜ ❛ ✢ ✙ ✤ ✬✤ ✢ ✙ ✧ ☛
✶
▲
☛
❆
❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘
✟
✰ ❛ ✜
✲
✙ ✙ ✮ ✯ ✘ ✙ ✤ ✤ ✙ ✩ ❛ ✤
❴ ❵ ❢ ❥❣ ❦ ❦
❧ ♠
♦ ♦
✥ ✦ ✙ ✘ ✙ ♣
q
✱ ♣
②
❛ ✘ ✙ ✣ ✢ ✤ ✰ ✪ ✧ ✯ ✪ ✜ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✤ ❛ ✫ ✪ ✜ ★ ①❤ ✱ ❛ ✜ ✩ ✿ ❤ ❛ ✮ ✙ ✤ ☛ ■✴ ❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘
✟
✧ ❛ r ✙ ✤ ❛ ✜ ❛ ✜ ★ ✫ ✙ t
✥ ✣ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✦ ✙ ① ❫ ❛ ✮ ✣ ✤ ✱ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✜ ♣
q
❅
♣ ✰ ✪ ✤ t ✱ ♣
②
❅
♣ ✤ ✣ ✜ t ❛ ✜ ✩
✉ ✉
✈ ✇ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦
⑧
⑨
⑧
⑨
⑩
⑩ ⑩ ⑩
⑩
❶❷ ❷ ❸❹
✶ ✶ ☛
❂
✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘ ✤ ✰ ❛ ✜
✲
✙ ✰ ✪ ✜ ❞ ✙ ✜ ✣ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✫ ✬ ❛ ✩ ✩ ✙ ✩ ✛✤ ✣ ✜ ★ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✿ ✔ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✎ ❀✖ ✔✾
❡
✺ ☛ ■✴ ✤ ✛ ✧ ✪ ✴ ✢ ✥ ✪ ❞ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✘ ✤
✟
❛ ✜ ✩ ❇ ✱ ✢ ✦ ❛ ✢ ✫ ✣ ✙ ✣ ✜ ①❤ ✿ ✯ ✫ ❛ ✜ ✙ ✱ ✣ ✤
✠
✱ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✜
❃
❺ ❻ ❽❾ ❿➀ ➀
➁ ➂
➃ ➃
✱ ✥ ✦ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✱
➄
q
➅
♣
q
➆ ➇
q
❪ ❛ ✜ ✩
➄
②
➅
♣
②
➆ ➇
②
✶
✷
☛ ✳ ✦ ✙ ✼
❡
✗✕ ✔ ✕
❡
✓
❝
✖ ✌ ✔
❡
✏ ✪ ✴ ❛ ✜ ✪
✲ ➈
✙ ✰ ✢ ✣ ✜ ①❤ ✿ ✯ ✫ ❛ ✜ ✙ ✣ ✤ ★✣ ❞ ✙ ✜
✲
✬
➉ ➋ ➌ ➍➎ ➏
➐ ➐
➑
❛ ✜ ✩ ✢ ✦ ✙
✺ ✕ ✗✼ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✖❀✖ ✓ ✔ ✴ ✘ ✪ ✧ ✯ ✪ ✤ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✜ ➒ ✢ ✪ ✯ ✪ ✤ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✜ ➒ ➓ ✣ ✤ ★ ✣ ❞ ✙ ✜
✲
✬
➔
➒
❅
➒
→ ➣
➒
↔
↕
➙ ➛
↕
➙➜ ➝ ➜ ➝➞ ➞ ➟ ➟
➠ ➠
➡ ➢
❅
➤ ➥ ➤➦ ➧
❳ ❳
❨ ❬
✶
✸
☛ ■✴ ❛ ✜ ✪
✲ ➈
✙ ✰ ✢ ✛✜ ✩ ✙ ✘ ★✪ ✙ ✤ ❛ ✩ ✣ ✤ ✯ ✫ ❛ ✰ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✜ ✢
➔
➒ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✧ ✙
➔
✔✱ ✣ ✢ ✤ ✍
❝
✖ ✏ ✍ ✻ ✖
❝
✖✎
❡
✌ ✕ ✔ ✿ ✣ ✤ ★✣ ❞ ✙ ✜
✲
✬
➨ ❅
➔
➔
➒
✔
☛ ✳ ✦ ✙
❝
✖ ✎
❡
✌ ✕ ✔ ✿ ✪ ✴ ❛ ✜ ✪
✲ ➈
✙ ✰ ✢ ❛ ✢ ✢ ✣ ✧ ✙ ✔ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✫ ✣ ✧ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✜ ★ ❞ ❛ ✫ ✛ ✙ ✪ ✴ ✢ ✦ ✙ ❛ ❞ ✙ ✘ ❛ ★✙ ❞ ✙ ✫ ✪ ✰ ✣ ✢ ✬
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎ ✄ ✞ ✽ ✟
❛ ✠ ✡ t ✥ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✥ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✍ ✑
✈ ❂
✡
✡
✡
✒
✥
✓ ✵
r r
t t
✌
✌
✳ ✔✥ ✕ ❛ ☞ ✖ ☛ ✗ ✏ ✘ ✥ ✥ ☛ ☞ ✘ ☞ ✙☞ ✘ ✥ ✚ ☛ ✕ ✥ ✍ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✥ ❛ ✥ ✘ ✍ ☞ ❛ ✠ ✑
✛ ✜ ❥ ❦✢ ✣ ✣✤ ✤ ✤
① ✦ ③
✧ ✧ ✧
✗
★
☛ ✏ ☛
✩
✪
✫
✩
②
✫
✩
✬
✫
✭✮✯
❞
❞
✰✱
❞
❞
✰✱
❞
❞
✲
❲ ★
☛ ☞
✴
✍ ✠ ✘ ✥ ✘ ✍ ☞ ✍
✶
❛ ☞ ✍ ✖
✷
☛ ✕ ✥ ✘ ✠
✴ ✸
✍ ✥ ✥ ☛ ✌ ✍ ☞ ❛ ✕ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✘ ☞ ❛ ✥ ☛ ✠
✹
✠ ✥ ☛
✺ ✻
✈ ✘ ✠ ❛
✸
✗ ❛
✹
✠ ✥ ❛ ☞
✼
☛ ☞ ✥ ✥ ✍
✥
★
☛ ✕ ✙✏ ✚ ☛ ✏ ☛
✴
✏ ☛ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✥ ✘ ☞
✼
✥
★
☛
✴
❛ ✥
★
✍
✶
✥
★
☛ ✍ ✖
✷
☛ ✕ ✥ ✳
✾ ✿
✳ ✔
✶
✥
★
☛ ✚ ☛
✸
✍ ✕ ✘ ✥
✹
✍
✶
❛ ☞ ✍ ✖
✷
☛ ✕ ✥ ✕
★
❛ ☞
✼
☛ ✠
✶
✏ ✍
✺
✈ ✥ ✍ ✈
❀
✘ ☞ ✥ ✘
✺
☛ ✡ t
✻
✥
★
☛ ☞ ✘ ✥ ✠
❁ ❃ ❄❅ ❁ ❆ ❄ ❁ ❇ ❇ ❄❈ ❄ ❅ ❁
t
❉ ❊❋
✘ ✠
✼
✘ ✚ ☛ ☞ ✖
✹
✑
●
✈ ✈ ❍ ✈
✒
❾
✒
✡
✡
✡t t
❚ ★
☛
❁ ❇ ❇ ❄ ❈ ❄❅ ❁
t
❉ ❊❋
● ❛ ✥ ❛ ☞
✹
✥ ✘
✺
☛ t ✘ ✠ ✥
★
☛
✸
✘
✺
✘ ✥ ✘ ☞
✼
✚ ❛
✸
✙ ☛ ✍
✶
●
❛ ✠ ✡ t
■
✵
✑
●
✈ ✈
✒
✓
✒
✡
✡
✡
t
t t
✵
✌
✌
✔☞ ✕ ✍
✺ ✴
✍ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✥
✶
✍ ✏
✺ ✻
✗ ☛
★
❛ ✚ ☛ ✑
❏
✜ ❥ ❦✢ ✣ ✣
❑ ❑ ❑
① ✦ ③
✧ ✧ ✧
✗
★
☛ ✏ ☛
✻ ❁
▲
❃
▲ t
◆
❁
▲
❃
▲ t
◆
❁
▲
❃
▲ t
❖
❖
P
P
◗
◗
✒ ✒ ✒
✾
❘ ✳ ✔
✶
❛ ☞ ✍ ✖
✷
☛ ✕ ✥ ✘ ✠
✺
✍ ✚ ✘ ☞
✼
✘ ☞ ❛
✴ ✸
❛ ☞ ☛ ✗ ✘ ✥
★
✕ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✥ ❛ ☞ ✥ ❛ ✕ ✕ ☛
✸
☛ ✏ ❛ ✥ ✘ ✍ ☞
❙ ❙
❯
❱ ❳
❨ ❨ ❨❩ ❬❭ ❛ ☞ ✌
✘ ✥ ✠
✴
✍ ✠ ✘ ✥ ✘ ✍ ☞ ✚ ☛ ✕ ✥ ✍ ✏ ❛ ✥ ✥ ✘
✺
☛ t ❂
✵
✘ ✠ r
♦
✻
✥
★
☛ ☞ ❛ ✥ ❛ ☞
✹
✍ ✥
★
☛ ✏ ✥ ✘
✺
☛ t
✻
✘ ✥ ✗ ✘
✸ ✸
✖ ☛ ❛ ✥ ❛
✴
✍ ✘ ☞ ✥
✼
✘ ✚ ☛ ☞
✖
✹
✑
❙
❪
❫
❴ ❴
❩ ❬ ❬
❵ ❵
❜ ❜ ❝
❭
❛ ☞ ✌ ✘ ✥ ✠ ✚ ☛
✸
✍ ✕ ✘ ✥
✹
✘ ✠
✼
✘ ✚ ☛ ☞ ✖
✹
✑
✈ ❂ ✈
❡
❢ ● t
✗
★
☛ ✏ ☛ ✈
❡
✘ ✠ ✥
★
☛ ✚ ☛
✸
✍ ✕ ✘ ✥
✹
❛ ✥ ✥ ✘
✺
☛ t ❂
✵
✔☞ ✕ ✍
✺ ✴
✍ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✥
✶
✍ ✏
✺
✑
❙
❪
❫
❣ ❣ ❱ ❱
❤ ❤ ✐
❴
❨
❴
❩ ❬ ❬
2
❪
❫
❧ ❧ ♠ ♠
♥ ♥ ✐
❴
❨
❴
❩ ❬ ❬
♣ ♣ q s
✉ ✇ ✉ ✉
④ ⑤
❃ ❃ ❁
t
P
⑥
P P
✒ ⑦
⑧
❊
t
❉ ❊❋ ❉ ❋ ❁
⑨
❈ ❁ ❋ ❄ ❇ ❁ ❋
⑩
❄
t
❅ ❄ ❁
t
❄
▲
❁
❶ ❶❷ ⑨
❄❅
⑨
❊
❶
❉
t
❉ ❊ ❋ ❊
❸ t ❹
❊
❶
❄
⑨
❁ ❅ ❁
t
❄
❶
❉
❺ ❷
❈
t
❁ ❋ ❄❊
❷ ❶
❊❋ ❄
❻
▲
❉
❺
❄❋
❶
❉ ❊❋ ❁ ❈
❺
❊
t
❉ ❊❋
❶
❁ ❈ ❊❋ ❆
t ❹
❊
⑨
❄❅
⑨
❄❋
▲
❉ ❇
❷
❈ ❁ ❅
▲
❉ ❅ ❄ ❇
t
❉ ❊❋
❶
✾ ❼
✳
❽
☞ ✍ ✖
✷
☛ ✕ ✥ ✥
★
❛ ✥ ✘ ✠ ✘ ☞
✶ ✸
✘
✼★
✥ ❛
✶
✥ ☛ ✏ ✖ ☛ ✘ ☞
✼ ✴
✏ ✍
✷
☛ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✌ ✘ ✠ ✕ ❛
✸ ✸
☛ ✌ ❛ ⑨
❅ ❊❿ ❄ ❇
t
❉ ❈ ❄
✳ ✔
✶
❛ ☞ ✍ ✖
✷
☛ ✕ ✥ ✘ ✠
✴
✏ ✍
✷
☛ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✌ ✗ ✘ ✥
★
✘ ☞ ✘ ✥ ✘ ❛
✸
✚ ☛
✸
✍ ✕ ✘ ✥
✹
✈
❡
✺
❛ ➀ ✘ ☞
✼
❛ ☞ ❛ ☞
✼ ✸
☛ ➁
♦
✗ ✘ ✥
★
➂❻ ❛ ➃ ✘ ✠ ❛ ☞ ✌ ✘
✶
✗ ☛ ❛ ✠ ✠ ✙
✺
☛ ✘ ✥ ✠
✘ ☞ ✘ ✥ ✘ ❛
✸ ✴
✍ ✠ ✘ ✥ ✘ ✍ ☞ ✥ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✘ ☞ ✕ ✘ ✌ ☛ ✗ ✘ ✥
★
✥
★
☛ ✍ ✏ ✘
✼
✘ ☞ ✍
✶
✥
★
☛ ✕ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✘ ☞ ❛ ✥ ☛ ✠
✹
✠ ✥ ☛
✺ ✻
✥
★
☛ ☞ ✥
★
☛
✴
✍ ✠ ✘ ✥ ✘ ✍ ☞
❛ ☞ ✌ ✚ ☛
✸
✍ ✕ ✘ ✥
✹
✍
✶
✥
★
☛
✴
✏ ✍
✷
☛ ✕ ✥ ✘
✸
☛ ❛ ✥ ✥ ✘
✺
☛ t ❛ ✏ ☛
✼
✘ ✚ ☛ ☞ ✖
✹
✑
➂ ❂
➄ ❃
➅
✕ ✍ ✠ ➁
♦
➆
t
➇
❂
➄ ❃
➅
✠ ✘ ☞ ➁
♦
➆
t ❾
➄ ✾ ➈ ➉ ➆ ❆
t
➊
❃
➋
❂
❃
➅➋
❂
❃
➅
✕ ✍ ✠ ➁
♦
❃
➌
❂
❃
➅
✠ ✘ ☞ ➁
♦
❾
❆
t
❚ ★
☛
✴
❛ ✥
★
✍
✶
❛
✴
✏ ✍
✷
☛ ✕ ✥ ✘
✸
☛ ✘ ✠ ⑨
❁ ❅ ❁
⑩
❊❈ ❉ ❇
❛ ☞ ✌ ✘ ✠
✼
✘ ✚ ☛ ☞ ✖
✹
✑
➍ ➎
➍ ➎
❙
➏
❙
➐ ➑ ➒
➓ ➔ →
❣ ❣
➣ ❤
♥ ❤
↔
↕ ✐
➙
➙
❩
❚ ★
☛ ❺
❁
➂
❉
❺ ❷ ❺
➛ ❄❉ ❆ ➛
t ✥
★
❛ ✥ ❛
✴
✏ ✍
✷
☛ ✕ ✥ ✘
✸
☛ ❛ ✥ ✥ ❛ ✘ ☞ ✠ ✘ ✠ ✑
❈ ❉
❺
✸
✘
✺
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✽ ✆
( )
✷
✥ ✝ ✞
♦ ♦
♠
✈
❤
✟ ✠
q=
❚ ✡ ☛ t☞ ✌✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ☛
✞
✎ ✒ ✓ ☛ ✏ ✔ ✡ ✎ ✡
✝ ✥
✡ ☛
✝
✕ ✡ ✎
✝ ✥
✖
✠
✈
t
✗✗
✘
✙sin  
❂
❚ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✒ ✓
✝ ✚
✒
✞
✎ ✏
✛ ✜ ✝ ✥
✎ ✏
✞
✔ ☛ ✎ ✓ ✏
✢
☛
✛ ✛
☛
✜ ✣ ✤
✏
✦
✓ ✒
✧
☛ ✔ ✎
✝ ✛
☛
★
✓ ✒
✩ ✝
✎
✥ ✝ ✞ ✝
✎
✝
✏
✛ ✦
✒
✥ ✝
✎
✝
✒
✞
✎ ✒ ✎ ✡ ☛
✦
✒
✥ ✝
✎
✝
✒
✞
✝
✎
✦
✏
✥ ✥
☛
✥ ② ✪ ✫ ✜ ✬
✓
✝ ✞
✕
✝
✎
✥ ★
✏
✛ ✛ ✝ ✥
✔ ✏
✛ ✛
☛
✜
✎ ✡ ☛
r ✭ ✮ ✠
✍
✱ ❘
✒
★
✎ ✡ ☛
✦
✓ ✒
✧
☛ ✔ ✎
✝ ✛
☛
✯ ✰
✎
✝ ✥
✖
✲
✥ ✝ ✞
✳
✴
✴
✈
❘
✠
✙
❂
✶ ✼ ✯ ❲
✡ ☛
✞
✏
✞
✒
✣ ✧
☛ ✔ ✎
★
✒
✛ ✛
✒
✵ ✥
✏ ✔
✝
✓ ✔
✬ ✛
✏ ✓
✦
✏ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✒
✞ ✥
✎ ✏
✞
✎
✥ ✦
☛ ☛
✜ ✱
✎ ✡ ☛
✩
✒ ✎
✝
✒
✞
✒
★
✎ ✡ ☛ ✒
✣ ✧
☛ ✔ ✎
✝ ✥
✔ ✏
✛ ✛
☛
✜ ✉ ✮
☞
✸✹ r
✌
✺
☞
r ✺ ✉ ✻ ✭ r
✌
✹
t ☞
✹✮ ✯
❚ ✡ ☛
✩
✏ ✕
✞ ✝
✎
✬ ✜
☛ ✒
★ ✝
✎
✥
✏ ✔ ✔ ☛
✛
☛ ✓ ✏ ✎
✝
✒
✞ ✝ ✥ ✭
❝
✪ ✈
✾
✿ ❘ ✯
❚ ✡ ☛
✜ ✝
✓ ☛ ✔ ✎
✝
✒
✞
✒
★ ✭
❝
✝ ✥
✏
✛ ✵
✏
✤ ✥
✎ ✒
✵
✏ ✓
✜ ✥
✎ ✡ ☛ ✔ ☛
✞
✎ ✓ ☛ ✒
★
✎ ✡ ☛ ✔
✝
✓ ✔
✛
☛
✯
❚ ✡ ☛ ✏
✞
✕
✬✛
✏ ✓
✥ ✦
☛ ☛
✜
❀
✱ ✝ ✥
✎ ✡ ☛ ✓ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✒
★
✔ ✡ ✏
✞
✕ ☛ ✒
★
✏
✞
✕
✬ ✛
✏ ✓
✜ ✝ ✥
✎ ✏
✞
✔ ☛
✯ ✰
✎
✝ ✥
✓ ☛
✛
✏ ✎ ☛
✜
✎ ✒
✢
☛
✛
✒ ✔
✝
✎
✤
✈ ✣ ✤ ✈ ✪
❀
❘ ✯
❚ ✡ ☛ ✏ ✔ ✔ ☛
✛
☛ ✓ ✏ ✎
✝
✒
✞ ✝ ✥ ✭
❝
✪
❀
❁
❘ ✯
✰ ★
❃
✝ ✥
✎ ✡ ☛ ✎
✝ ✩
☛
✦
☛ ✓
✝
✒
✜
✒
★
✓ ☛
✢
✒
✛ ✬
✎
✝
✒
✞
✒
★
✎ ✡ ☛ ✒
✣ ✧
☛ ✔ ✎
✝ ✞
✔
✝
✓ ✔
✬✛
✏ ✓
✩
✒ ✎
✝
✒
✞
✏
✞ ✜
❄
✝ ✥ ✝
✎
✥
★
✓ ☛ ❢
✬
☛
✞
✔
✤ ✱ ✵
☛ ✡ ✏
✢
☛ ❀
✪
✳ ❅ ❄ ❆
✈ ✪
✳ ❅ ❄ ❇
✱ ✭
❝
✪
❈ ❅
❁
❄
❁
❘
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎ ✄ ✞ ✽ ✟
P ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✠ P ✠ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✏
✶ ✳ ❚ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✘✕ ✑ ✕ ✙ ✔ ✚ ✒ ✙ ✛ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✔ ✗ ✤ ✢ ✥ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✢ ✒ ✕ ✧ ✒ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✧ ✤ ✓ ✤ ★ ✗ ✕ ✛ ★ ✛ ✩ ★ ✗ ✘ ✒ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✖ ✩ ✗ ✤ ✕ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✔ ✪ ✒ ✔ ✛
✕ ✑ ✒ ✪ ✔ ✘ ✗ ★ ✕ t✜ ✒ ✤ ✫ ✜ ★ ✛ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✦ ✒ ✪ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✳ ❚ ✑ ✒ ✜ ★ ✛ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✦ ✒ ✪ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✛ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✓ ✤ ★ ✗ ✕ ✛ ✬ ✕ ✑ ✒
✓ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✘✕ ✑
♣
✔ ✛ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✔ ✪ ✒ ★ ✪ ✓ ✖ ★ ✒ ✛
✭
✜ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✛ ✤ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✦ ✕ t ✔ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✳ ❚ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✧ ✤
✮
t ✔ ✗ ✕ ★ ✕ ★ ✒ ✛ ✔ ✙ ✒
✒
✮
t✔ ✖ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✣ ★ ✫ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✤ ✢ ✥ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✜ ✤ ✒ ✛ ✗ ✤ ✕ ✦ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✘✒ ★ ✕ ✛ ✜ ★ ✙ ✒ ✦ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✜ t ✙ ★ ✗ ✘ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✦ ✤ t ✙ ✛ ✒ ✤ ✫ ✪ ✤ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✳
❡
✗ ✔ ✖ ✖
✤ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✦ ✔ ✛ ✒ ✛ ✩ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✘✕ ✑ ★ ✛ ✘✙ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✪ ✔ ✘ ✗ ★ ✕ t✜ ✒ ✤ ✫ ✜ ★ ✛ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✦ ✒ ✪ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✳
✷
✳
❡
✗ ✚ ★ ✒ ✧ ✤ ✫ ✓ ✤ ★ ✗ ✕ ✶ ✔ ✢ ✤ ✚ ✒ ✩ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✚ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✘✒ ✛ ✓ ✒ ✒ ✜ ✤ ✫ ✔ ✗ ✤ ✢ ✥ ✒ ✦ ✕ ★ ✛ ✘✙ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✤ ✙ ✒
✮
t✔ ✖ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✑ ✒
✪ ✔ ✘ ✗ ★ ✕ t ✜ ✒ ✤ ✫ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✚ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✦ ★ ✕ ✣ ✤ ✚ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✘ ★ ✚ ✒ ✗ ✕ ★ ✪ ✒ ★ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✖ ✳ ❚ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✧ ✤ ✔ ✙ ✒ ✒
✮
t ✔ ✖ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✣ ★ ✫ ✕ ✑ ✒
✓ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✘ ✕ ✑ ★ ✛ ✒
✮
t✔ ✖ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✪ ✔ ✘ ✗ ★ ✕ t✜ ✒ ✤ ✫ ✜ ★ ✛ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✦ ✒ ✪ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✳
✸ ✳ ❚ ✑ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ✒
✮
t ✔ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✛
♣
✯ ✳ ✸ ✸ ✔
✭
✔ ✗ ✜
♣
✯ ✳ ✸ ✯ ✔
✭
✜ ✤ ✗ ✤ ✕ ★ ✗ ✚ ✤ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✣ ✦ ✑ ✤ ★ ✦ ✒ ✤ ✫ ✔ ✰ ✒ ✛ ✳ ✱ ✫ ✦ ✤ t ✙ ✛ ✒ ✩
✣ ✤ t ✦ ✔ ✗ ✔ ✖ ✧ ✔ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✒ ✛ ✤ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✪ ✔ ✖ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✣ ✕ ✧ ✤ ★ ✗ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✰ ✒ ✛ ✳
✯ ✳ ❚ ✑ ✒
✹
★ ✗ ✒ ✪ ✔ ✕ ★ ✦ ✒
✮
t✔ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✫ ✤ ✙ t ✗ ★ ✫ ✤ ✙ ✪ ✔ ✦ ✦ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✗ ✤ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✓ ✖ ✣ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✦ ✔ ✛ ✒ ✤ ✫ t✗ ★ ✫ ✤ ✙ ✪
✦ ★ ✙ ✦ t✖ ✔ ✙ ✪ ✤ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✛ ★ ✗ ✦ ✒ ★ ✗ ✕ ✑ ★ ✛ ✦ ✔ ✛ ✒ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✪ ✔ ✘✗ ★ ✕ t✜ ✒ ✤ ✫ ✔ ✦ ✦ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✕ ✢ t ✕ ★ ✕ ✛
✜ ★ ✙ ✒ ✦ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ★ ✛ ✦ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✘★ ✗ ✘ ✳
✺
✳
✲
✗ ✤ ✢ ✥ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✛ t ✢ ✥ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✧ ✤ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✦ ★ ✕ ★ ✒ ✛
✈
✴
✔ ✗ ✜
✈
✵
✑ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✙ ✒ ✛ t ✖ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✕ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✦ ★ ✕ ✣
✈ ❂ ✈
✴
✻ ✈
✵
✳ ❚ ✔
✹
✒
✦ ✔ ✙ ✒ ✕ ✤ ✜ ★ ✛ ✕ ★ ✗ ✘ t ★ ✛ ✑ ★ ✕ ✫ ✙ ✤ ✪ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✦ ★ ✕ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✤ ✢ ✥ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✶ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✔ ✕ ★ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✤ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✦ ★ ✕ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✤ ✢ ✥ ✒ ✦ ✕
✷
❝
✈
✴ ✵
❂ ✈
✴
✼
✈
✵
✳
❍ ✒ ✙ ✒
✈
✴
✔ ✗ ✜
✈
✵
✔ ✙ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✦ ★ ✕ ★ ✒ ✛ ✧ ★ ✕ ✑ ✙ ✒ ✫ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✗ ✦ ✒ ✕ ✤ ✛ ✤ ✪ ✒ ✦ ✤ ✪ ✪ ✤ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✫ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✗ ✦ ✒ ✫ ✙ ✔ ✪ ✒ ✳
✾
✳ ❚ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✛ t✖ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✦ ✦ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✤ ✫ ✔ ✗ ✤ ✢ ✥ ✒ ✦ ✕ ★ ✗ ✦ ★ ✙ ✦ t ✖ ✔ ✙ ✪ ✤ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ★ ✛ ✕ ✤ ✧ ✔ ✙ ✜ ✛ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✦ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✙ ✒ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✣ ★ ✫
✕ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✓ ✒ ✒ ✜ ★ ✛ ✦ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✕ ✳
✿ ✳ ❚ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✒ ✤ ✫ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✔ ✥ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✪ ✤ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✤ ✫ ✔ ✗ ✤ ✢ ✥ ✒ ✦ ✕ ★ ✛ ✗ ✤ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✪ ★ ✗ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✦ ✦ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗
✔ ✖ ✤ ✗ ✒ ✢ t ✕ ✔ ✖ ✛ ✤ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✛ ✤ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ★ ✗ ★ ✕ ★ ✔ ✖ ✦ ✤ ✗ ✜ ★ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✤ ✫ ✪ ✤ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗
♣
★ ✗ ★ ✕ ★ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✛ ★ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✔ ✗ ✜ ★ ✗ ★ ✕ ★ ✔ ✖
✚ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✦ ★ ✕ ✣
✭
✳
❀
✤ ✙ ✒ ✰ ✔ ✪ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✩ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✔ ✥ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✔ ✗ ✤ ✢ ✥ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✪ ✤ ✚ ★ ✗ ✘ t ✗ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✔ ✪ ✒ ✔ ✦ ✦ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗
✜ t ✒ ✕ ✤ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✚ ★ ✕ ✣ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✛ ✕ ✙ ✔ ★ ✘✑ ✕ ✖ ★ ✗ ✒ ✤ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✢ ✤ ✖ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✜ ★ ✗ ✘ ✤ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ★ ✗ ★ ✕ ★ ✔ ✖ ✦ ✤ ✗ ✜ ★ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✳
✎ ❊ ✎ ✏ ❁ ✡ ✌ ✎ ✌
❃ ❄❅ ❙ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✩ ✫ ✤ ✙ ✒ ✔ ✦ ✑ ✤ ✫ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✫ ✤ ✖ ✖ ✤ ✧ ★ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✑ ✣✛ ★ ✦ ✔ ✖
✮
t ✔ ✗ ✕ ★ ✕ ★ ✒ ✛ ✩ ★ ✫ ★ ✕ ★ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✦ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✤ ✙ ✔ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ❝
✚ ✤ ✖ t✪ ✒ ✩ ✪ ✔ ✛ ✛ ✩ ✛ ✓ ✒ ✒ ✜ ✩ ✔ ✦ ✦ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✩ ✜ ✒ ✗ ✛ ★ ✕ ✣ ✩ ✗ t ✪ ✢ ✒ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✪ ✤ ✖ ✒ ✛ ✩ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✦ ★ ✕ ✣ ✩ ✔ ✗ ✘ t ✖ ✔ ✙
✫ ✙ ✒
✮
t ✒ ✗ ✦ ✣✩ ✜ ★ ✛ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✦ ✒ ✪ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✩ ✔ ✗ ✘t✖ ✔ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✦ ★ ✕ ✣ ✳
❃ ❄
❆ ❇
★ ✦
✹
✤ t✕ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✧ ✤ ✛ ✦ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✙
✮
t ✔ ✗ ✕ ★ ✕ ★ ✒ ✛ ★ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✫ ✤ ✖ ✖ ✤ ✧ ★ ✗ ✘ ✖ ★ ✛ ✕ ❝
✫ ✤ ✙ ✦ ✒ ✩ ✔ ✗ ✘ t ✖ ✔ ✙ ✪ ✤ ✪ ✒ ✗ ✕ t ✪ ✩ ✧ ✤ ✙
✹
✩ ✦ t ✙ ✙ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✩ ✖ ★ ✗ ✒ ✔ ✙ ✪ ✤ ✪ ✒ ✗ ✕ t ✪ ✩ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✙ ★ ✦ ✫ ★ ✒ ✖ ✜ ✩ ✔ ✚ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✘✒
✚ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✦ ★ ✕ ✣ ✩ ✪ ✔ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✕ ★ ✦ ✪ ✤ ✪ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✩ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✔ ✕ ★ ✚ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✦ ★ ✕ ✣ ✳
❃ ❄
❈ ❇
★ ✦
✹
✤ t✕ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✣ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙
✮
t ✔ ✗ ✕ ★ ✕ ✣ ★ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✫ ✤ ✖ ✖ ✤ ✧ ★ ✗ ✘ ✖ ★ ✛ ✕ ❝
❚ ✒ ✪ ✓ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✕ t ✙ ✒ ✩ ✓ ✙ ✒ ✛ ✛ t ✙ ✒ ✩ ★ ✪ ✓ t ✖ ✛ ✒ ✩ ✕ ★ ✪ ✒ ✩ ✓ ✤ ✧ ✒ ✙ ✩ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✘✕ ✑ ✩ ✒ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✘ ✣✩ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✚ ★ ✕ ✔ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✔ ✖
✓ ✤ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✕ ★ ✔ ✖ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✒ ✫ ✫ ★ ✦ ★ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✤ ✫ ✫ ✙ ★ ✦ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✩ ✦ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✳
❃ ❄ ❃ ❙ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✧ ★ ✕ ✑ ✙ ✒ ✔ ✛ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✩ ✧ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✫ ✤ ✖ ✖ ✤ ✧ ★ ✗ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✘✒ ✢ ✙ ✔ ★ ✦ ✤ ✓ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✕ ★ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✧ ★ ✕ ✑ ✛ ✦ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙
✓ ✑ ✣✛ ★ ✦ ✔ ✖
✮
t✔ ✗ ✕ ★ ✕ ★ ✒ ✛ ✔ ✙ ✒ ✪ ✒ ✔ ✗ ★ ✗ ✘ ✫ t✖ ❝
♣
✔
✭
✔ ✜ ✜ ★ ✗ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✣ ✕ ✧ ✤ ✛ ✦ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✛ ✩
♣
✢
✭
✔ ✜ ✜ ★ ✗ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✦ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✔ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✔ ✪ ✒ ✜ ★ ✪ ✒ ✗ ✛ ★ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✩
♣
✦
✭
✪ t ✖ ✕ ★ ✓ ✖ ✣★ ✗ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✣ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✔ ✗ ✣ ✛ ✦ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✩
♣
✜
✭
✪ t ✖ ✕ ★ ✓ ✖ ✣ ★ ✗ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✣ ✕ ✧ ✤ ✛ ✦ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✛ ✩
♣
✒
✭
✔ ✜ ✜ ★ ✗ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✣
✕ ✧ ✤ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ✛ ✩
♣
✫
✭
✔ ✜ ✜ ★ ✗ ✘ ✔ ✦ ✤ ✪ ✓ ✤ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✤ ✫ ✔ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✔ ✪ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ✳
❃ ❄❉ ❘ ✒ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✔ ✦ ✑ ✛ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✪ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✢ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✧ ✦ ✔ ✙ ✒ ✫ t ✖ ✖ ✣ ✔ ✗ ✜ ✛ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✧ ★ ✕ ✑ ✙ ✒ ✔ ✛ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✩ ★ ✫ ★ ✕ ★ ✛ ✕ ✙ t ✒ ✤ ✙ ✫ ✔ ✖ ✛ ✒ ❝
♣
✔
✭
❚ ✑ ✒ ✪ ✔ ✘ ✗ ★ ✕ t ✜ ✒ ✤ ✫ ✔ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ★ ✛ ✔ ✖ ✧ ✔ ✣✛ ✔ ✛ ✦ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✩
♣
✢
✭
✒ ✔ ✦ ✑ ✦ ✤ ✪ ✓ ✤ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✤ ✫ ✔ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ★ ✛
✔ ✖ ✧ ✔ ✣✛ ✔ ✛ ✦ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✩
♣
✦
✭
✕ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✘✕ ✑ ★ ✛ ✔ ✖ ✧ ✔ ✣✛ ✒
✮
t✔ ✖ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✪ ✔ ✘✗ ★ ✕ t ✜ ✒ ✤ ✫ ✕ ✑ ✒
✜ ★ ✛ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✦ ✒ ✪ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✕ ★ ✦ ✖ ✒ ✳
♣
✜
✭
✕ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✚ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✘ ✒ ✛ ✓ ✒ ✒ ✜ ✤ ✫ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✕ ★ ✦ ✖ ✒
♣
✜ ✒ ✫ ★ ✗ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✛ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✔ ✖
✓ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✘✕ ✑ ✜ ★ ✚ ★ ✜ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✕ ★ ✪ ✒ ✕ ✔
✹
✒ ✗ ✕ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✚ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✑
✭
★ ✛ ✒ ★ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✤ ✙ ✒
✮
t ✔ ✖ ✕ ✤
✕ ✑ ✒ ✪ ✔ ✘ ✗ ★ ✕ t ✜ ✒ ✤ ✫ ✔ ✚ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✦ ★ ✕ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✕ ★ ✦ ✖ ✒ ✤ ✚ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✔ ✪ ✒ ★ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✖ ✤ ✫ ✕ ★ ✪ ✒ ✩
♣
✒
✭
❚ ✑ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ✛ ✗ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✣ ★ ✗ ✘ ★ ✗ ✔ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✜ ✜ t✓ ✕ ✤ ✘ ★ ✚ ✒ ✔ ✗ t ✖ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ✳
❃ ❄❋ ● ✛ ✕ ✔ ✢ ✖ ★ ✛ ✑ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✫ ✤ ✖ ✖ ✤ ✧ ★ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✤ ✙ ★ ✗ ✒
✮
t✔ ✖ ★ ✕ ★ ✒ ✛ ✘ ✒ ✤ ✪ ✒ ✕ ✙ ★ ✦ ✔ ✖ ✖ ✣ ✤ ✙ ✤ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✧ ★ ✛ ✒ ❝
♣
✔
✭
⑤ ❛
✻
❜ ⑤ ■ ⑤ ❛ ⑤
✻
⑤ ❜ ⑤
♣
✢
✭
⑤ ❛
✻
❜ ⑤
❏
⑤ ⑤ ❛ ⑤ ✼ ⑤ ❜ ⑤ ⑤
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✽ ✆
❋ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠✟ ✡☛
✭ ☞ ✌ ⑤ ❛
❾
❾ ❜ ⑤ ❁ ⑤ ❛ ⑤ ✍ ⑤ ❜ ⑤
✭ ✎ ✌ ⑤ ❛
❾
❾ ❜ ⑤ ❃ ⑤ ⑤ ❛ ⑤
❾
❾ ⑤ ❜ ⑤ ⑤
❲ ✏ ✑ ✒
✎
✓ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✛ ✔ ✚ ✜✒ ✘ ✢ ✓ ✣ ✑ ✘ ✤ ✤ ✙ ✛✥
✹ ✦✧ ● ✚ ✣ ✑ ✒
❛ ✍ ❜ ✍
❝
✍
❞ ❂ ✵ ✱ ★ ✏ ✚
☞
✏ ✓ ✩ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✩ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✓ ★ ✚ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✑ ✪ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✔
✘
✫
✑
☞
✓
✫ ✫
✑
☞
✕
✬
✭
✘
✌ ❛
✱
❜
✱ ❝ ✱ ✘ ✒
✎
❞ ✪ ✗✔ ✕ ✑ ✘
☞
✏ ✢ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✗✙ ✙ ✣ ✑
☞
✕ ✓
✫
✱
✭
✢
✌
❚ ✏ ✑ ✪ ✘ ✜✒ ✚ ✕ ✗
✎
✑ ✓ ✩
✭ ❛ ✍
❝
✌
✑ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✪ ✘ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✕ ✗
✎
✑ ✓ ✩
✭ ❜ ✍
❞
✌
✱
✭ ☞ ✌
❚ ✏ ✑ ✪ ✘ ✜✒ ✚ ✕ ✗
✎
✑ ✓ ✩
❛ ☞
✘ ✒ ✒ ✑ ✣ ✑
✫
✢ ✑ ✜
✫
✑ ✘ ✕ ✑
✫
✕ ✏ ✘ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑
✔ ✗✪ ✓ ✩ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✪ ✘ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✕ ✗
✎
✑ ✔ ✓ ✩
❜
✱ ❝ ✱ ✘ ✒
✎
❞ ✱
✭ ✎ ✌ ❜ ✍
❝ ✪ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✑ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✤ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✩
❛
✘ ✒
✎
❞ ✚ ✩
❛
✘ ✒
✎
❞ ✘
✫
✑
✒ ✓ ✕
☞
✓ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✘
✫
✱ ✘ ✒
✎
✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✩
❛
✘ ✒
✎
❞ ✱ ✚ ✩ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✛ ✘
✫
✑
☞
✓ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✘
✫
✥
✹ ✦
✮
❚ ✏
✫
✑ ✑ ✜ ✚
✫
✙ ✔ ✔
✯
✘ ✕ ✚ ✒ ✜ ✓ ✒ ✘
☞
✚
✫ ☞
✗✙ ✘
✫
✚
☞
✑ ✜
✫
✓ ✗✒
✎
✓ ✩
✫
✘
✎
✚ ✗ ✔
✷ ✰ ✰ ✪ ✔ ✕ ✘
✫
✕ ✩
✫
✓ ✪ ✘ ✤ ✓ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✲ ✓ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✑
✎
✜ ✑ ✓ ✩ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✜
✫
✓ ✗✒
✎
✘ ✒
✎ ✫
✑ ✘
☞
✏ ✘ ✤ ✓ ✚ ✒ ✕ Q ✎
✚ ✘ ✪ ✑ ✕
✫
✚
☞
✘ ✙ ✙ ✛ ✓ ✤ ✤ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✕ ✑ ✕ ✓ ✲ ✩ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✓ ★ ✚ ✒ ✜
✎
✚ ✩ ✩ ✑
✫
✑ ✒ ✕ ✤ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✔ ✏ ✓ ★ ✒ ✚ ✒
✳
✚ ✜
✴ ✶ ✴
✷ ✰
✴
❲ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✚ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✑
✪ ✘ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✕ ✗
✎
✑ ✓ ✩ ✕ ✏ ✑
✎
✚ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✘
☞
✑ ✪ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✣ ✑
☞
✕ ✓
✫
✩ ✓
✫
✑ ✘
☞
✏ ✥
✳
✓
✫
★ ✏ ✚
☞
✏ ✜ ✚
✫
✙ ✚ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✘
☞
✕ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✕ ✏ ✓ ✩
✤ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✔
✯
✘ ✕ ✑ ✥
✹ ✦✸ ❆
☞
✛
☞
✙ ✚ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✘
✫
✕ ✔ ✩
✫
✓ ✪ ✕ ✏ ✑
☞
✑ ✒ ✕
✫
✑ ❖ ✓ ✩ ✘
☞
✚
✫ ☞
✗✙ ✘
✫
✤ ✘
✫ ✯
✓ ✩
✫
✘
✎
✚ ✗✔ ♦
✯
✪ ✱
✫
✑ ✘
☞
✏ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✑
✎
✜✑ ✲
✓ ✩ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✤ ✘
✫ ✯
✱ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✒
☞
✛
☞
✙ ✑ ✔ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✒ ✜ ✕ ✏ ✑
☞
✚
✫ ☞
✗✪ ✩ ✑
✫
✑ ✒
☞
✑ ✱ ✘ ✒
✎ ✫
✑ ✕ ✗
✫
✒ ✔ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✏ ✑
☞
✑ ✒ ✕
✫
✑ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✒ ✜ QO
✘ ✔ ✔ ✏ ✓ ★ ✒ ✚ ✒
✳
✚ ✜
✴ ✶ ✴
✷ ♦
✴ ✺
✩ ✕ ✏ ✑
✫
✓ ✗✒
✎
✕
✫
✚ ✤ ✕ ✘
✯
✑ ✔ ♦ ✰ ✪ ✚ ✒ ✱ ★ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✚ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✑
✭
✘
✌
✒ ✑ ✕
✎
✚ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✘
☞
✑ ✪ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✱
✭
✢
✌
✘ ✣ ✑
✫
✘ ✜✑ ✣ ✑ ✙ ✓
☞
✚ ✕ ✛✱ ✘ ✒
✎ ✭ ☞ ✌
✘ ✣ ✑
✫
✘ ✜ ✑ ✔ ✤ ✑ ✑
✎
✓ ✩ ✕ ✏ ✑
☞
✛
☞
✙ ✚ ✔ ✕ ✥
❋ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠✟ ✡
✻
✹ ✦
✼
✵
✾
✒ ✘ ✒ ✓ ✤ ✑ ✒ ✜
✫
✓ ✗✒
✎
✱ ✘ ✪ ✓ ✕ ✓
✫
✚ ✔ ✕ ✩ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✓ ★ ✔ ✘ ✕
✫
✘
☞ ✯
✕ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✕ ✗
✫
✒ ✔ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✙ ✑ ✩ ✕ ✢ ✛ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✜ ✙ ✑ ✓ ✩
✿
✰
❀
✘ ✩ ✕ ✑
✫
✑ ✣ ✑
✫
✛ ❄ ✰ ✰ ✪
✴
❅ ✕ ✘
✫
✕ ✚ ✒ ✜ ✩
✫
✓ ✪ ✘ ✜ ✚ ✣ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✗
✫
✒ ✱ ✔ ✤ ✑
☞
✚ ✩ ✛ ✕ ✏ ✑
✎
✚ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✘
☞
✑ ✪ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✩ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✪ ✓ ✕ ✓
✫
✚ ✔ ✕
✘ ✕ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✏ ✚
✫ ✎
✱ ✔ ✚
❇
✕ ✏ ✘ ✒
✎
✑ ✚ ✜ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✕ ✗
✫
✒
✴ ❈
✓ ✪ ✤ ✘
✫
✑ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✪ ✘ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✕ ✗
✎
✑ ✓ ✩ ✕ ✏ ✑
✎
✚ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✘
☞
✑ ✪ ✑ ✒ ✕ ★ ✚ ✕ ✏
✕ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✘ ✙ ✤ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✜✕ ✏
☞
✓ ✣ ✑
✫
✑
✎
✢ ✛ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✪ ✓ ✕ ✓
✫
✚ ✔ ✕ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✘
☞
✏
☞
✘ ✔ ✑
✴
✹ ✦
✼ ✼
❆ ✤ ✘ ✔ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✜✑
✫
✘
✫ ✫
✚ ✣ ✚ ✒ ✜ ✚ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✑ ★ ✕ ✓ ★ ✒ ★ ✚ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✓ ✜ ✓ ✩
✫
✓ ✪ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✚ ✓ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✘ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✓
☞
✘ ✕ ✑
✎
♦ ✰
✯
✪ ✘ ★ ✘ ✛ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✔ ✕
✫
✘ ✚ ✜ ✏ ✕
✫
✓ ✘
✎
✩
✫
✓ ✪ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✚ ✓ ✒
✴
❆
✎
✚ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✕
☞
✘ ✢ ✪ ✘ ✒ ✕ ✘
✯
✑ ✔ ✏ ✚ ✪ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✒ ✜
✘
☞
✚
✫ ☞
✗✚ ✕ ✓ ✗✔ ✤ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✷
❉ ✯
✪ ✙ ✓ ✒ ✜ ✘ ✒
✎ ✫
✑ ✘
☞
✏ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✷
❊
✪ ✚ ✒
✴
❲ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✚ ✔
✭
✘
✌
✕ ✏ ✑ ✘ ✣ ✑
✫
✘ ✜✑
✔ ✤ ✑ ✑
✎
✓ ✩ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✘
❇
✚ ✱
✭
✢
✌
✕ ✏ ✑ ✪ ✘ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✕ ✗
✎
✑ ✓ ✩ ✘ ✣ ✑
✫
✘ ✜✑ ✣ ✑ ✙ ✓
☞
✚ ✕ ✛ ✥ ❆
✫
✑ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✕ ★ ✓ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✥
✹ ✦
✼
❍ ❘ ✘ ✚ ✒ ✚ ✔ ✩ ✘ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✜ ✣ ✑
✫
✕ ✚
☞
✘ ✙ ✙ ✛ ★ ✚ ✕ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✤ ✑ ✑
✎
✓ ✩
❉
✰ ✪ ✔
■ ❏
✴
❆ ★ ✓ ✪ ✘ ✒
✫
✚
✎
✑ ✔ ✘ ✢ ✚
☞
✛
☞
✙ ✑ ★ ✚ ✕ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✤ ✑ ✑
✎
✓ ✩ ♦ ✰ ✪ ✔
■ ❏
✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓
✫
✕ ✏ ✕ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✗ ✕ ✏
✎
✚
✫
✑
☞
✕ ✚ ✓ ✒
✴
❲ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✚ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✑
✎
✚
✫
✑
☞
✕ ✚ ✓ ✒ ✚ ✒ ★ ✏ ✚
☞
✏ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✗✙
✎
✏ ✓ ✙
✎
✏ ✑
✫
✗✪ ✢
✫
✑ ✙ ✙ ✘ ✥
✹ ✦
✼
❑ ❆ ✪ ✘ ✒
☞
✘ ✒ ✔ ★ ✚ ✪ ★ ✚ ✕ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✤ ✑ ✑
✎
✓ ✩
✶ ✴
✰
✯
✪ ▲ ✏ ✚ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✙ ★ ✘ ✕ ✑
✫ ✴
▼ ✓ ★ ✙ ✓ ✒ ✜
✎
✓ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✘
✯
✑ ✕ ✓
☞ ✫
✓ ✔ ✔ ✘
✫
✚ ✣ ✑
✫
♦
✴
✰
✯
✪ ★ ✚
✎
✑ ✚ ✩ ✕ ✏ ✑
✫
✚ ✣ ✑
✫
✩ ✙ ✓ ★ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✘
✎
✚ ✙ ✛ ✘ ✕
❉ ✴
✰
✯
✪ ▲ ✏ ✘ ✒
✎
✏ ✑ ✪ ✘
✯
✑ ✔ ✏ ✚ ✔
▼   ✁ ✂   ✄ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎ ✄ ✞ ✽ ✟
s ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ s ✍ ☛ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✡ ✓ ✔ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✖ ✡ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✙ ✚ ✏ ✡ ✛ ☛ ✙ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✡ ✓ ✔ ✌ ✡ ✛ ☛ ✌ s ✒ ✌ ✜ ☛ ✙ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✌
✡ ✌ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✌ s ✠ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✡
r
✏ ✍ ☞ ✗
✹ ✢✣ ✹ ■
✍ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✡
r
☛ ✖✡
✱
✙ ✓ ✍ ✛ ✓ s
r
✑ ☛ ✙ ✓ ✍ ✜ ✏ ✠ ✠ ✒ ✌ s
✤
✌ ✌ ✛ ☛ ✚
✥ ✦
☞ ✎
✧
✒ ✏ ✍ ✛ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✚ ✑ ✏ ✜ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✎ ✏ s ✠ ☛ ✚ ✏
r
☛ ✏ ✠
✏ ✍ ✕ ✒ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✛ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✡
r
☛ ✖✡ ✚ ✑ ✖✠ ✠ ✌ ✡ s ✏ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✜ ✠ ✒ ✌ ❛ ★ ✩ ✛ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✪
■
✚ ✠ ✒ ✌
r
☛ ✏ ✠ s ✠ ✏ ✡ ✠ s ✎ ☛ ✔ ✓ ✍ ✜ ✏ ✠ ✏
s
✤
✌ ✌ ✛ ☛ ✚
✫ ✬
☞ ✎
✧
✒ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✠ ✒
✱
✙ ✒ ✏ ✠ ✓ s ✠ ✒ ✌ ✛ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✚ ✑ ✏ ✜ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✎ ✏ s ✠ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌
r
☛ ✏ ✠ ✗
✹ ✢✣ ✭ ❚
✒ ✌ ✕ ✌ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✜ ☛ ✚ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✜ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✑ ✓ s
✦ ✫
✎ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✪
✮
✒ ✏ ✠ ✓ s ✠ ✒ ✌ ✎ ✏
✯
✓ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✡ ✓
✰
☛ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✑ ✛ ✓ s ✠ ✏ ✍ ✕ ✌ ✠ ✒ ✏ ✠
✏
r
✏ ✑ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✡ ☛ ✙ ✍ ✙ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✏ s
✤
✌ ✌ ✛ ☛ ✚ ✲ ✳ ✎ s
✴ ✵
✕ ✏ ✍ ✜ ☛ ✙ ✓ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✖✠ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✜ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✌ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✜ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✑ ✗
✹ ✢✣
✶ ❆ ✕ ✡ ✓ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✡ ☛ ✙ ✏
r
✏ ✑ ✑ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✏
✯
✓ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✡ ✓
✰
☛ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✑ ✛ ✓ s ✠ ✏ ✍ ✕ ✌ ☛ ✚
✬
✳ ✳ ✎ ✪ ✘ ☛ ✙ ✎ ✖✕ ✒
✒ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✏
r
☛ ✔ ✌ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✜✡ ☛ ✖✍ ✛ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✡ ✓ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✒ ✡ ☛ ✙ ✠ ✒ ✌ s ✏ ✎ ✌
r
✏ ✑ ✑ ✗
✹ ✢✣ ✷
❆ s ✠ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✠ ✓ ✌ ✛ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✛ ☛ ✚ ✏ s ✠ ✡ ✓ ✍ ✜
✸
✳ ✕ ✎ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✜ ✓ s ✙ ✒ ✓ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✛ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✒ ☛ ✡ ✓
✰
☛ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✙ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✏
✕ ☛ ✍ s ✠ ✏ ✍ ✠ s
✤
✌ ✌ ✛ ✪
■
✚ ✠ ✒ ✌ s ✠ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✌ s
✬
✲ ✡ ✌ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✖✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ s ✓ ✍
✦ ✫
s
✱
✙ ✒ ✏ ✠ ✓ s ✠ ✒ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✜ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✖ ✛ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✛
✛ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✚ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌ s ✠ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✗
✹ ✢✣
✺ ❆ ✍ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✏ ✚ ✠ ✌
✯
✌ ✕ ✖✠ ✌ s ✏ ✒ ☛ ✡ ✓
✰
☛ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✑ ✑ ☛ ☛
✤
☛ ✚ ✡ ✏ ✛ ✓ ✖ s
✬
✪ ✳ ✳ ☞ ✎ ✙ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✏ s ✠ ✌ ✏ ✛ ✻ s
✤
✌ ✌ ✛ ☛ ✚ ✼ ✳ ✳
☞ ✎
✧
✒ ✪
❦
☛ ✎
✤
✏ ✡ ✌ ✓ ✠ s ✕ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✓
✤
✌ ✠ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✖ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✜✡ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✠ ✻ ✪
✹ ✢✣ ✾ ❘
✌ ✏ ✛ ✌ ✏ ✕ ✒ s ✠ ✏ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✠
r
✌ ✑ ☛ ✙ ✕ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✚ ✖ ✑ ✑ ✻ ✏ ✍ ✛ s ✠ ✏ ✠ ✌
✱
✙ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✏ s ☛ ✍ s
✱
✓ ✚ ✓ ✠ ✓ s ✠ ✡ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✚ ✏ ✑ s ✌
✿
❀ ✏ ❁
❚
✒ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✠ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✚ ✏
✤
✏ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✓ s ❂ ❃ ❄❂ ❅ ❇ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✜ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✛ ✓ ✖ s ☛ ✚
✠ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✙ ✏ ✡ ✛ s ✠ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✌
❀
r
❁
❚
✒ ✌ ✔ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✕ ✓ ✠ ✻ ✔ ✌ ✕ ✠ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✏
✤
✏ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✏
✤
☛ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✓ s ❂ ❃ ❄❂ ❅ ❇ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✜ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✏ ✍ ✜✌ ✍ ✠ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✌
✤
✏ ✠ ✒
☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌
✤
✏ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✠ ✒ ✏ ✠
✤
☛ ✓ ✍ ✠
❀ ✕ ❁
❚
✒ ✌ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✔ ✌ ✕ ✠ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✚ ✏
✤
✏ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✓ ✍
✉ ❈ ❉ ❊❋● ❍
✕ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✜✌ ✛ ☛ ✔ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✍ ✌
✕ ✻ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✓ s ✏ ✍ ✖ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✌ ✕ ✠ ☛ ✡
✹ ✢❏ ❑ ❚
✒ ✌
✤
☛ s ✓ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✚ ✏
✤
✏ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✓ s ✜ ✓ ✔ ✌ ✍
r
✻
▲
❼ ❼ ❼
◆ ❖ P ◗ ❖ P ❙ ❖ P ❯t t❱ ❲ ❳❨ ❩ ❥ ❬
✙ ✒ ✌ ✡ ✌ ❭ ✓ s ✓ ✍ s ✌ ✕ ☛ ✍ ✛ s ✏ ✍ ✛ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✕ ☛ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✠ s ✒ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✠ ✒ ✌
✤
✡ ☛
✤
✌ ✡ ✖✍ ✓ ✠ s ✚ ☛ ✡ ❪ ✠ ☛
r
✌ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✌ s ✪
❀ ✏ ❁
❫
✓ ✍ ✛ ✠ ✒ ✌
✈
✏ ✍ ✛
❴
☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌
✤
✏ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✗ ❀
r
❁
✮
✒ ✏ ✠ ✓ s ✠ ✒ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✜✍ ✓ ✠ ✖ ✛ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✛ ✛ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✚
✔ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✕ ✓ ✠ ✻ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌
✤
✏ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✠ ❭
❵ ✦
✪ ✳ s ✗
✹ ✢❏ ✣
❆
✤
✏ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✌ s ✠ ✏ ✡ ✠ s ✚ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✓ ✜ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✠ ❭
❵
✳ s ✙ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✕ ✓ ✠ ✻ ☛ ✚
✬
✳ ✪ ✳
❜
❝
✎
✧
s ✏ ✍ ✛ ✎ ☛ ✔ ✌ s ✓ ✍
✠ ✒ ✌
①❞
❅
✤
✑ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✏ ✕ ☛ ✍ s ✠ ✏ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✚
❡ ❢
✸
✪ ✳
✦
✪ ✳
❣ ❣
✐ ❤❧
✎ s
♠ ♥
✪ ❀ ✏ ❁ ❆ ✠ ✙ ✒ ✏ ✠ ✠ ✓ ✎ ✌ ✓ s
✠ ✒ ✌
①
★ ✕ ☛ ☛ ✡ ✛ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌
✤
✏ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✌
✬
♦ ✎ ✗
✮
✒ ✏ ✠ ✓ s ✠ ✒ ✌ ❅ ★ ✕ ☛ ☛ ✡ ✛ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌
✤
✏ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✠
✠ ✒ ✏ ✠ ✠ ✓ ✎ ✌ ✗ ❀
r
❁
✮
✒ ✏ ✠ ✓ s ✠ ✒ ✌ s
✤
✌ ✌ ✛ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌
✤
✏ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✓ ✎ ✌ ✗
✹ ✢❏ ❏
❣
✐
✏ ✍ ✛
❝
❜
✏ ✡ ✌ ✖✍ ✓ ✠ ✔ ✌ ✕ ✠ ☛ ✡ s ✏ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✜
①
★ ✏ ✍ ✛ ❅ ★ ✏
✯
✓ s ✡ ✌ s
✤
✌ ✕ ✠ ✓ ✔ ✌ ✑ ✻ ✪
✮
✒ ✏ ✠ ✓ s ✠ ✒ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✜ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✖ ✛ ✌
✏ ✍ ✛ ✛ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✔ ✌ ✕ ✠ ☛ ✡ s
♣ ♣
q ✇ ②
✱
✏ ✍ ✛
♣ ♣
q ✇ ❾
✗
✮
✒ ✏ ✠ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✕ ☛ ✎
✤
☛ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✠ s ☛ ✚ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✕ ✠ ☛ ✡
③
❵
④
❝ ❝
⑤
❜
⑥ ⑦
✏ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✜ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✛ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ s ☛ ✚
♣ ♣
q ✇ ②
✏ ✍ ✛
♣ ♣
q ✇ ❾
✗ ⑧ ⑨ ☛ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✻ ✖ s ✌ ✜ ✡ ✏
✤
✒ ✓ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✌ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✛ ⑩
✹ ✢❏
❶
❫
☛ ✡ ✏ ✍ ✻ ✏ ✡
r
✓ ✠ ✡ ✏ ✡ ✻ ✎ ☛ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✓ ✍ s
✤
✏ ✕ ✌
✱
✙ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✒ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✚ ☛ ✑ ✑ ☛ ✙ ✓ ✍ ✜ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✏ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ s ✏ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✖ ✌
✿
❀ ✏ ❁
✈
❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❷ ❻❹
❵
❀
✬ ✧ ✦
❁ ❀
✈
❀ ❭
❽
❁ ❿
✈
❀ ❭
♥
❁ ❁
❀
r
❁
✈
❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❷ ❻❹
❵
⑧ ❪ ❀ ❭
♥
❁ ★ ❪ ❀ ❭
❽
❁ ⑩
✧
❀ ❭
♥
➀
❭
❽
❁
❀ ✕ ❁
✈
❀ ❭❁
❵ ✈
❀ ✳ ❁ ❿
❴
❭
❀ ✛ ❁ ❪ ❀ ❭❁
❵
❪ ❀ ✳ ❁ ❿
✈
❀ ✳ ❁ ❭ ❿ ❀
✬ ✧ ✦
❁
❴
❭
♥
❀ ✌ ❁
❴
❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❷ ❻❹
❵
⑧
✈
❀ ❭
♥
❁ ★
✈
❀ ❭
❽
❁ ⑩
✧
❀ ❭
♥
➀
❭
❽
❁
❀
❚
✒ ✌ ➁ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✜✌ ➂ s ✠ ✏ ✍ ✛ s ✚ ☛ ✡ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✜✌ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌ ➃ ✖✏ ✍ ✠ ✓ ✠ ✻ ☛ ✔ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✓ ✎ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✌ ✡ ✔ ✏ ✑ ❭
❽
✠ ☛ ❭
♥
❁
✹ ✢❏ ✹ ❘
✌ ✏ ✛ ✌ ✏ ✕ ✒ s ✠ ✏ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✠
r
✌ ✑ ☛ ✙ ✕ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✚ ✖ ✑ ✑ ✻ ✏ ✍ ✛ s ✠ ✏ ✠ ✌
✱
✙ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✏ s ☛ ✍ s ✏ ✍ ✛ ✌
✯
✏ ✎
✤
✑ ✌ s
✱
✓ ✚ ✓ ✠ ✓ s
✠ ✡ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✚ ✏ ✑ s ✌
✿
❆ s ✕ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✡ ➃ ✖✏ ✍ ✠ ✓ ✠ ✻ ✓ s ☛ ✍ ✌ ✠ ✒ ✏ ✠
❀ ✏ ❁ ✓ s ✕ ☛ ✍ s ✌ ✡ ✔ ✌ ✛ ✓ ✍ ✏
✤
✡ ☛ ✕ ✌ s s
❀
r
❁ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✜ ✏ ✠ ✓ ✔ ✌ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✌ s
❀ ✕ ❁ ✎ ✖ s ✠
r
✌ ✛ ✓ ✎ ✌ ✍ s ✓ ☛ ✍ ✑ ✌ s s
❀ ✛ ❁ ✛ ☛ ✌ s ✍ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✏ ✡ ✻ ✚ ✡ ☛ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✌
✤
☛ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✡ ✓ ✍ s
✤
✏ ✕ ✌
❀ ✌ ❁ ✒ ✏ s ✠ ✒ ✌ s ✏ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✌ ✚ ☛ ✡ ☛
r
s ✌ ✡ ✔ ✌ ✡ s ✙ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✛ ✓ ✚ ✚ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ s ☛ ✚ ✏
✯
✌ s ✪
✹ ✢❏ ✭
❆ ✍ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✏ ✚ ✠ ✓ s ✚ ✑ ✻✓ ✍ ✜ ✏ ✠ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✠ ☛ ✚
➄
✲ ✳ ✳ ✎ ✏
r
☛ ✔ ✌ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✜✡ ☛ ✖✍ ✛ ✪
■
✚ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✜✑ ✌ s ✖
r
✠ ✌ ✍ ✛ ✌ ✛ ✏ ✠
✏ ✜✡ ☛ ✖✍ ✛ ☛
r
s ✌ ✡ ✔ ✏ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍
✤
☛ ✓ ✍ ✠
r
✻ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✏ ✚ ✠
✤
☛ s ✓ ✠ ✓ ☛ ✍ s
✬
✳ ✪ ✳ s ✏
✤
✏ ✡ ✠ ✓ s
➄
✳
➅ ✱
✙ ✒ ✏ ✠ ✓ s ✠ ✒ ✌
s
✤
✌ ✌ ✛ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✏ ✚ ✠ ✗
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✽ ✽
❆ ✆ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ✠✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✝ ✑ ✍ ✑
✹ ✒✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✥✦ ✧ ✙ ★✩ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✩ ✩ ✧ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✪ ✫ ✚ ✗ ✣ ✧ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✖ ✗ ✢ ✬ ✚ ✘ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✭ ✢ ✘ ✗ ✮ ✯ ✢ ✦ ✧ ✙ ✖ ✢ ✛ ✰
✇ ✧ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✧ ✤ ✗ ✮ ✱ ✧ ✬ ✬ ✙ ✇ ✚ ✗ ✲ ★ ✢ ✬ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✡ ✢ ✦ ✩ ❜ ✢ ✙ ✩ ✧ ✳ ✳ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✦ ✙ ✬ ✚ ✘ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✭ ✢ ✘ ✗ ✦ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✣ ✣ ✢ ✛ ✧ ✬ ✰
✜ ✢ ✖ ✗ ✧ ✩ ✗ ✦ ✙ ✧ ✘ ✢ ✬ ✭ ✜ ✰ ✣ ✧ ✘ ✢ ✬ ✗ ✳ ✳ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✣ ✮
❢
✧ ✖ ✗ ✗
✴
✢ ✤ ✭ ✬ ✗ ✣ ✧ ✦ ✣ ★✭ ✭ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✳ ✰ ✚ ★✛ ✢ ✦ ✣ ✇ ✗ ✛ ✪
✹ ✒✓
✵
✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣
✶
✚ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✢ ✥✦ ✧ ✙ ★✩ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✩ ✩ ✧ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✪ ✫ ✚ ✗ ✣ ✧ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✰ ✙ ✜ ✧ ✦ ✥ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✣
✤ ✢ ✥ ✦ ✧ ✙ ★✩ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✩ ✩ ✧ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✣ ✦ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✣ ✣ ✢ ✛ ✧ ✬ ✰ ✢ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✮ ♠ ✜ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✳ ✢
✶
✚ ✩ ✰ ✘ ✢ ✦
✶
✗ ✣ ✭ ✗ ✘ ✧ ✳ ✧ ✗ ✩
✶
✰ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✩ ✧ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✳ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✢
✴
✧ ✣ ✚ ✳ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦
✷
✢ ✦ ✩ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✥✬ ✗ ✚ ✳ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✢
✶
✚ ★✙ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✢
✴
✧ ✣ ✪ ✫ ✚ ✗ ✣
✙ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✤ ✢
t
✗ ✢ ✦ ✰ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✢ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✮
✹ ✒✓
✸
✯ ✢ ✦ ✰ ✚ ★ ✢ ✣ ✣ ✚ ✘ ✧ ✢ ✙ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✇ ✧ ✙ ✜
❈
✢
✺
✙ ✜ ✗ ✬ ✗ ✦ ✥ ✙ ✜ ✚ ✳ ✢ ✇ ✧ ✛ ✗
✶
✗ ✦ ✙ ✧ ✦ ✙ ✚ ✢ ✬ ✚ ✚ ✭
✷ ❈ ✶ ✺
✢ ✭ ✬ ✢ ✦ ✗
✢ ✛ ✗ ✢
✷ ❈
✘
✺
✢ ✣ ✭ ✜ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✮ ❛
✴
✭ ✬ ✢ ✧ ✦ ✪
✹ ✒✓
✻
✕
✶
★ ✬ ✬ ✗ ✙ ✳ ✧ ✛ ✗ ✩ ✢ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✦ ✥✬ ✗ ✚ ✳
✼ ✾ ✿
✇ ✧ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✛ ✧
❀
✚ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✬ ✜ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✥ ✛ ✚ ★ ✦ ✩
✼
✪
✾ t
✤ ✢ ✇ ✢ ✰ ✪
❁
✰
✢ ✩
❂
★✣ ✙ ✧ ✦ ✥ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✢ ✦ ✥✬ ✗ ✚ ✳ ✭ ✛ ✚
❂
✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦
✷
✘ ✢ ✦ ✚ ✦ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✭ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✜ ✧ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✢ ✛ ✥ ✗ ✙
❃
✪
✾ t
✤ ✢ ✇ ✢ ✰ ✮ ✕✣ ✣ ★✤ ✗
✙ ✜ ✗ ❄❅ ❇ ❇ ❉ ❊ ✣ ✭ ✗ ✗ ✩ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✳ ✧
✴
✗ ✩
✷
✢ ✦ ✩ ✦ ✗ ✥✬ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✧ ✛ ✛ ✗ ✣ ✧ ✣ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✘ ✗ ✪
✹ ✒❋ ● ✕ ✳ ✧ ✥ ✜ ✙ ✗ ✛ ✭ ✬ ✢ ✦ ✗ ✳ ✬ ✰ ✧ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✚ ✛ ✧
❀
✚ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✬ ✬ ✰ ✢ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✬ ✙ ✧ ✙ ★✩ ✗ ✚ ✳ ❍ ✪
❃ t
✤ ✇ ✧ ✙ ✜ ✣ ✭ ✗ ✗ ✩ ■ ❏
✾ t
✤ ❑ ✜ ✭ ✢ ✣ ✣ ✗ ✣
✩ ✧ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✬ ✰ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✩ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✧
❞
✢ ✧ ✛ ✘ ✛ ✢ ✳ ✙ ✥ ★ ✦ ✪ ✕✙ ✇ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✥✬ ✗ ✳ ✛ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✛ ✙ ✧ ✘ ✢ ✬ ✣ ✜ ✚ ★ ✬ ✩ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✥ ★ ✦
✶
✗ ✳ ✧ ✛ ✗ ✩ ✳ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✜ ✗ ✬ ✬ ✇ ✧ ✙ ✜ ✤ ★
❀ ❀
✬ ✗ ✣ ✭ ✗ ✗ ✩ ▲
✾ ✾
✤ ✣
▼ ◆
✙ ✚ ✜ ✧ ✙ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✭ ✬ ✢ ✦ ✗ ✮ ✕✙ ✇ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✤ ✧ ✦ ✧ ✤ ★✤
✢ ✬ ✙ ✧ ✙ ★✩ ✗ ✣ ✜ ✚ ★ ✬ ✩ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✭ ✧ ✬ ✚ ✙ ✳ ✬ ✰ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✭ ✬ ✢ ✦ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✢ ✖ ✚ ✧ ✩
✶
✗ ✧ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✧ ✙ ✮
❈
♠ ✢
t
✗ ❣ ❖ ❍
✾
✤ ✣
▼
◗
✺
✪
✹ ✒❋ ❘ ✕ ✘ ✰✘ ✬ ✧ ✣ ✙ ✧ ✣ ✛ ✧ ✩ ✧ ✦ ✥ ✇ ✧ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✭ ✗ ✗ ✩ ✚ ✳ ❏ ■
t
✤ ❑ ✜ ✪ ✕✣ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✭ ✭ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✘ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✢ ✘ ✧ ✛ ✘ ★ ✬ ✢ ✛ ✙ ★✛ ✦ ✚ ✦ ✙ ✜ ✗
✛ ✚ ✢ ✩ ✚ ✳ ✛ ✢ ✩ ✧ ★✣
❙ ✾
✤
✷
✜ ✗ ✢ ✭ ✭ ✬ ✧ ✗ ✣
✶
✛ ✢
t
✗ ✣ ✢ ✦ ✩ ✛ ✗ ✩ ★ ✘ ✗ ✣ ✜ ✧ ✣ ✣ ✭ ✗ ✗ ✩ ✢ ✙ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✦ ✣ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✛ ✢ ✙ ✗ ✚ ✳
✾
✪
❃ ✾
✤ ❑ ✣ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✛ ✰ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✦ ✩ ✪ ✱ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✣ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✤ ✢ ✥✦ ✧ ✙ ★✩ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✩ ✩ ✧ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✳ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✦ ✗ ✙ ✢ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✬ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✳
✙ ✜ ✗ ✘ ✰✘ ✬ ✧ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✦ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✘ ✧ ✛ ✘ ★ ✬ ✢ ✛ ✙ ★✛ ✦ ✮
✹ ✒❋ ✓
❈
✢
✺
❚ ✜ ✚ ✇ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✳ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✭ ✛ ✚
❂
✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✬ ✗ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✥✬ ✗
✶
✗ ✙ ✇ ✗ ✗ ✦ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✬ ✚ ✘ ✧ ✙ ✰ ✢ ✦ ✩ ✙ ✜ ✗ ①
❞
✢
✴
✧ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✢ ✳ ★ ✦ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦
✚ ✳ ✙ ✧ ✤ ✗ ✧ ✣ ✥ ✧ ✖ ✗ ✦
✶
✰
❯ ❱
❲
❲
❳
❨
❩
❩
❬
❭
❾
♦ ❪
❫ ❴
✈
❵ ❝
✈
❡
❤ ✐
❥ ❦ ❧
t♥
❈ ✶ ✺
❚ ✜ ✚ ✇ ✣ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✭ ✛ ✚
❂
✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✢ ✦ ✥✬ ✗ ♣
q
✳ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✭ ✛ ✚
❂
✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✬ ✗ ✬ ✢ ★ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✗ ✩ ✳ ✛ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✧ ✦ ✧ ✣
✥ ✧ ✖ ✗ ✦
✶
✰
r
s
✉
②
③
④
⑤
⑥
⑦ ⑧
⑨
⑩
❶ ❷
❸ ❹ ❺❻
✇ ✜ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✰ ✤
✶
✚ ✬ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✧ ✛ ★✣ ★ ✢ ✬ ✤ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✧ ✦ ✥ ✪
❈ ❍  ✁✂ ✄ ☎ ✥ ■ ✆ ✄
▲ ❆ ✝ ✞ ❖ ✟ ✠ ❖ ✡ ☛ ❖ ☞
✺ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕✖✑ ✎ ✓ ✏
✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✛ ❡ ✛ ✣ ✤ ✘ ✦ ✧✚ ★ ✜ ✙ ✛ ✢ ✱ ✩ ✪ ✢ ❡ ✩ ✘ ❡ ✛ ✢ ✘ ♥ ★ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✣ ✛ ✫ ❡ ✢ ✤ ✬ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✛
♠ ✩ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ✩ ✭ ★ ✜ ★ ✢ ✙ ✤ ❡ ✮ ✛ ✤ ✘ ✫ ✜ ★ ❡ ✛ ✯ ✪ ★ ✘ ✙ ✤ ✙ ★ ✙ ✤ ✰ ✛ ✮ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✛ ✫ ★ ♥ ✙ ✚ ★ ✙
✪ ✘ ✤ ✭ ✩ ✢ ♠ ♠ ✩ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ✘ ✛ ✛ ✣ ✫ ✙ ✚ ✛ ❡ ✩ ✘ ❡ ✛ ✜ ✙ ✩ ✭ ✰ ✛ ✮ ✩ ❡ ✤ ✙ ✲ ★ ✮ ✩ ✘ ✛ ♥ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✛ ★ ✫
✘ ✩ ✘ ✵ ✪ ✘ ✤ ✭ ✩ ✢ ♠ ♠ ✩ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ✢ ✛ ✯ ✪ ✤ ✢ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✚ ✛ ❡ ✩ ✘ ❡ ✛ ✜ ✙ ✩ ✭ ★ ❡ ❡ ✛ ✮ ✛ ✢ ★ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ✤ ✘
★ ✣ ✣ ✤ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ✳ ❛ ✩ ✭ ★ ✢ ✱ ♥ ✛ ✚ ★ ✰ ✛ ✘ ✩ ✙ ★ ✫ ✶ ✛ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✯ ✪ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ★ ✫ ✙ ✩ ♥ ✚ ★ ✙
✦ ✩ ✰ ✛ ✢ ✘ ✫ ✙ ✚ ✛ ♠ ✩ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ✩ ✭ ✬ ✩ ✣ ✤ ✛ ✫ ✳ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✫ ❡ ✚ ★ ✜ ✙ ✛ ✢ ✱ ♥ ✛ ✙ ✪ ✢ ✘ ✙ ✩ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✫
✬ ★ ✫ ✤ ❡ ✯ ✪ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ✳
✷
✛ ✙ ✪ ✫ ✭ ✤ ✢ ✫ ✙ ✦ ✪ ✛ ✫ ✫ ✙ ✚ ✛ ★ ✘ ✫ ♥ ✛ ✢ ✬ ★ ✫ ✛ ✣ ✩ ✘ ✩ ✪ ✢ ❡ ✩ ♠ ♠ ✩ ✘
✛
✸
✜ ✛ ✢ ✤ ✛ ✘ ❡ ✛ ✳
✹
✩ ♠ ✩ ✰ ✛ ★ ✭ ✩ ✩ ✙ ✬ ★ ✮ ✮ ★ ✙ ✢ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✱ ✫ ✩ ♠ ✛ ✩ ✘ ✛ ♠ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✶ ✤ ❡ ✶ ✤ ✙ ✳
✹
✩ ✙ ✚ ✢ ✩ ♥ ★ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✘ ✛ ✪ ✜ ♥ ★ ✢ ✣ ✫ ✱ ✩ ✘ ✛ ✚ ★ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✰ ✛ ✤ ✙ ★ ✘ ✪ ✜ ♥ ★ ✢ ✣
✜ ✪ ✫ ✚ ✳
♣
✬ ✢ ✛ ✛
✻
✛ ❡ ★ ✪ ✫ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✬ ✢ ★ ✘ ❡ ✚ ✛ ✫ ✩ ✭ ★ ✙ ✢ ✛ ✛ ✙ ✩ ✫ ♥ ✤ ✘ ✦
✼
★
✫ ✙ ✢ ✩ ✘ ✦ ♥ ✤ ✘ ✣ ❡ ★ ✘ ✛ ✰ ✛ ✘ ♠ ✩ ✰ ✛ ✚ ✛ ★ ✰ ✲ ✩ ✬
s
✛ ❡ ✙ ✫ ✳
♣
✬ ✩ ★ ✙ ♠ ✩ ✰ ✛ ✫ ✤ ✘ ★
✭ ✮ ✩ ♥ ✤ ✘ ✦ ✢ ✤ ✰ ✛ ✢ ♥ ✤ ✙ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✙ ★ ✘ ✲ ✩ ✘ ✛ ✢ ✩ ♥ ✤ ✘ ✦ ✤ ✙ ✳ ✧✮ ✛ ★ ✢ ✮ ✲ ✱ ✫ ✩ ♠ ✛ ✛
✸
✙ ✛ ✢ ✘ ★ ✮
★ ✦ ✛ ✘ ❡ ✲ ✤ ✫ ✘ ✛ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✣ ✙ ✩ ✜ ✢ ✩ ✰ ✤ ✣ ✛ ✭ ✩ ✢ ❡ ✛ ✙ ✩ ♠ ✩ ✰ ✛ ★ ✬ ✩ ✣ ✲ ✭ ✢ ✩ ♠ ✢ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✳
✷
✤ ✶ ✛ ♥ ✤ ✫ ✛ ✱ ★ ✘ ✛
✸
✙ ✛ ✢ ✘ ★ ✮ ✭ ✩ ✢ ❡ ✛ ✤ ✫ ✘ ✛ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✣ ★ ✮ ✫ ✩ ✙ ✩ ✢ ✛ ✙ ★ ✢ ✣ ✩ ✢ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✜
♠ ✩ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ✳
✽
✩ ✪ ❡ ★ ✘ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✜ ★ ✬ ★ ✮ ✮ ✢ ✩ ✮ ✮ ✤ ✘ ✦ ✣ ✩ ♥ ✘ ★ ✘ ✤ ✘ ❡ ✮ ✤ ✘ ✛ ✣ ✜ ✮ ★ ✘ ✛ ✬ ✲
★ ✜ ✜ ✮ ✲ ✤ ✘ ✦ ★ ✭ ✩ ✢ ❡ ✛ ★ ✦ ★ ✤ ✘ ✫ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✛ ❡ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ✩ ✭ ✤ ✙ ✫ ♠ ✩ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ✳
✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✫ ✛ ✛
✸
★ ♠ ✜ ✮ ✛ ✫ ✱ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✛
✸
✙ ✛ ✢ ✘ ★ ✮ ★ ✦ ✛ ✘ ❡ ✲ ✩ ✭ ✭ ✩ ✢ ❡ ✛
✾
✚ ★ ✘ ✣ ✫ ✱
♥ ✤ ✘ ✣ ✱ ✫ ✙ ✢ ✛ ★ ♠ ✱ ✛ ✙ ❡
✇
✤ ✫ ✤ ✘ ❡ ✩ ✘ ✙ ★ ❡ ✙ ♥ ✤ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✩ ✬
s
✛ ❡ ✙ ✳
✹
✚ ✤ ✫ ✤ ✫ ✘ ✩ ✙
★ ✮ ♥ ★ ✲ ✫ ✘ ✛ ❡ ✛ ✫ ✫ ★ ✢ ✲ ✳
♣
✫ ✙ ✩ ✘ ✛ ✢ ✛ ✮ ✛ ★ ✫ ✛ ✣ ✭ ✢ ✩ ♠ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✩ ✜ ✩ ✭ ★ ✬ ✪ ✤ ✮ ✣ ✤ ✘ ✦
★ ❡ ❡ ✛ ✮ ✛ ✢ ★ ✙ ✛ ✫ ✣ ✩ ♥ ✘ ♥ ★ ✢ ✣ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✙ ✩ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✦ ✢ ★ ✰ ✤ ✙ ★ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ★ ✮ ✜ ✪ ✮ ✮ ✩ ✭ ✙ ✚ ✛
✛ ★ ✢ ✙ ✚ ✳
♣
✬ ★ ✢ ♠ ★ ✦ ✘ ✛ ✙ ❡ ★ ✘ ★ ✙ ✙ ✢ ★ ❡ ✙ ★ ✘ ✤ ✢ ✩ ✘ ✘ ★ ✤ ✮ ✭ ✢ ✩ ♠ ★ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✙ ★ ✘ ❡ ✛ ✳
✑ ❚ ✿ ❀ ❀ ❚ ❁ ❂ ❀ ❃ ❚ ❄ ❃ ❅ ❇ ❃❅ ❉❊ ❄ ❋ ❄ ● ❅ ❊ ❏ ✿ ❅ ❀ ❑ ❅ ✌ ● ✌ ● ❉ ❄ ▼ ✿ ❃ ❄ ❃✿ ❁ ❊ ❄ ❋ ❄ ❊ ◆
P ❄ ● ❊ ❅ ❃✿ ❏ ◗ ❁ ❉❏ ❅ ❀ ❘ ❏ ❄ ❊ ❅ ❇ ❅ ❉❃ ◗ ❁ ❉❏ ❅ ❁ ❊ ❄ ❙ ❁ ◆ ❯ ❅ ▼ ❅ ❊ ◗ ❉ ❁ P ❄
◆ ✿ ❀ ❃ ❄ ❊ ❏ ❅ ✌
✗ ✘ ✫ ✚ ✩ ✢ ✙ ✱ ★ ✭ ✩ ✢ ❡ ✛ ✤ ✫ ✢ ✛ ✯ ✪ ✤ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✙ ✩ ✜ ✪ ✙ ★ ✫ ✙ ★ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ★ ✢ ✲ ✬ ✩ ✣ ✲ ✤ ✘
♠ ✩ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✘ ✩ ✢ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✜ ★ ♠ ✩ ✰ ✤ ✘ ✦ ✬ ✩ ✣ ✲ ✱ ★ ✘ ✣ ✫ ✩ ♠ ✛ ✛
✸
✙ ✛ ✢ ✘ ★ ✮ ★ ✦ ✛ ✘ ❡ ✲ ✤ ✫
✘ ✛ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✣ ✙ ✩ ✜ ✢ ✩ ✰ ✤ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✫ ✭ ✩ ✢ ❡ ✛ ✳
✹
✚ ✛ ✛
✸
✙ ✛ ✢ ✘ ★ ✮ ★ ✦ ✛ ✘ ❡ ✲ ♠ ★ ✲ ✩ ✢ ♠ ★ ✲
✘ ✩ ✙ ✬ ✛ ✤ ✘ ❡ ✩ ✘ ✙ ★ ❡ ✙ ♥ ✤ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✬ ✩ ✣ ✲ ✳
❛ ✩ ✭ ★ ✢ ✫ ✩ ✦ ✩ ✩ ✣ ✳ ❱ ✪ ✙ ♥ ✚ ★ ✙ ✤ ✭ ★ ✬ ✩ ✣ ✲ ✤ ✫ ♠ ✩ ✰ ✤ ✘ ✦ ✪ ✘ ✤ ✭ ✩ ✢ ♠ ✮ ✲
✾
✛ ✳ ✦ ✳
★ ✫ ✶ ★ ✙ ✛ ✢ ♠ ✩ ✰ ✤ ✘ ✦ ✫ ✙ ✢ ★ ✤ ✦ ✚ ✙ ♥ ✤ ✙ ✚ ❡ ✩ ✘ ✫ ✙ ★ ✘ ✙ ✫ ✜ ✛ ✛ ✣ ✩ ✘ ★ ✚ ✩ ✢ ✤
✻
✩ ✘ ✙ ★ ✮
✤ ❡ ✛ ✫ ✮ ★ ✬
✇
✐ ✎ ❀ ❄ ❊ ❅ ❇ ❃❅ ❉❊ ❄ ❋ ◗ ❁ ❉❏ ❅ ❉❅ ❲ ❳ ✿ ❉❅ ◆ ❃ ❁ ❨ ❅ ❅ ❩ ❄ ❙ ❁ ◆ ❯ ✿ ❊
❳ ❊ ✿ ◗ ❁ ❉P P ❁ ❃✿ ❁ ❊ ✉
✺ ✌ ✍ ❬❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❜ ❝ ❪ ❞ ❴ ❭
✺ ✌
❢ ❣
❫ ❞
❤
❪ ❴ ❪
❥ ❦ ❧ ❤ ♦ q ❥ ❥ q
❝
r
✺ ✌ t ✈ ①
❦ ❥ q
② ❴
♦
❞ ❭
❦
❫ ❪ ❞
q
✺ ✌
③ ④ ❦
② ❪ ❴ ❭
❧ ❤ ♦
❞ ❫
❤
❪
❥ q
② ❴
♦ ⑤
❴ ❪ ❞ ❴ ❭
✺ ✌ ✺
④ ❦
② ❪ ❴ ❭
❧ ❤ ❤ ❦
❝ ❴ ❭ ❵
❥ q
② ❴
♦
⑤
❴ ❪ ❞ ❴ ❭
✺ ✌ ⑥
④ ❦
② ❪ ❴ ❭
❧ ❤
❪ ① ❞ ❫ ❵
❥ q
② ❴
♦ ⑤
❴ ❪ ❞ ❴ ❭
✺ ✌
⑦ ⑧
❴ ❭
❤ ❦
❫
⑨ q
❪ ❞ ❴ ❭ ❴
♦ ⑤
❴
⑤ ❦
❭ ❪ ❜
⑤
✺ ✌ ⑩ ❶ ❷ ❜❞
❥
❞ ❸ ❫ ❞ ❜
⑤
❴
♦ q
❹
q
❫ ❪ ❞ ❝
❥ ❦
✺ ✌
❺ ⑧
❴
⑤ ⑤
❴ ❭
♦
❴ ❫ ❝
❦ ❤
❞ ❭
⑤ ❦
❝ ①
q
❭ ❞ ❝
❤
✺ ✌ ✍ ❻
⑧
❞ ❫ ❝ ❜
❥ q
❫
⑤
❴ ❪ ❞ ❴ ❭
✺ ✌ ✍ ✍
❼
❴
❥ ⑨
❞ ❭
❽
❹ ❫ ❴ ❸
❥ ❦ ⑤ ❤
❞ ❭
⑤ ❦
❝ ①
q
❭ ❞ ❝
❤
❼
❜
⑤ ⑤ q
❫
r
❾ ❴ ❞ ❭ ❪
❤
❪ ❴ ❹ ❴ ❭ ❵
❦
❫
❶
❿ ❦
❫ ❝ ❞
❤ ❦ ❤
❣
❵ ❵ ❞ ❪ ❞ ❴ ❭
q ❥ ❦ ❿ ❦
❫ ❝ ❞
❤ ❦ ❤
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✾ ✆
✺ ✝ ✞ ❆ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✏ ❆ ✌ ✌ ❆ ✑ ✒
❚ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✚ ✗ ✔ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✚ ✥ ✔ ✣ ✜ ✜ ✔ ✣ ✦ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✙ ✧ ✜ ★ ✔ ✩
❍ ✚ ✪ ✔ ✥ ✔ ✦ ✱ ✙ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✚ ✫ ✣ ✬ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✗ ✪ ✔ ✦ ✙ ✘ ✩ ✭ ✛ ✢ ✔ ✔ ✢ ✱ ✘ ✓ ✔
❝ ✚ ✦ ✦ ✔ ❝ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✗ ✪ ✔ ✦ ✘ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✬ ✙ ✥ ✔ ✛ ✤ ✮ ✯ ✣ ★ ✙ ★ ✔ ✚
✙ ✛ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✔ ✥ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✔ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✓ ❝ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✖ ✦ ✮ ✪ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✢ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛
✚ ✐ ♦ ✔ ✪ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✣ ✛ ✧ ✔ ❝ ✓ ✣ ✛ ✙ ❝ ✗ ✱ ✪ ✓ ✙ ❝ ✓ ✗ ✙ ✬ ✛ ✣ ★ ★ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✓ ✔
✤ ✙ ✦ ✘ ✓ ✚ ✐ ✧ ✚ ✢ ✔ ✦ ✛ ✗ ❝ ✙ ✔ ✛ ❝ ✔ ✩
❚ ✓ ✔ ✯ ✦ ✔ ✔ ✫ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✛ ✫ ✔ ✦ ✱ ✰ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✘ ★ ✔ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✶ ✩ ✷✸ ✳ ✹ ✹
✶ ✩ ✷✩ ❇ ✱ ✓ ✔ ★ ✢ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✥ ✙ ✔ ✪ ✘ ✓ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✐ ✣ ✤ ✚ ✢ ✮ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✚ ✥ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✱
✗ ✚ ✧ ✔ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✔ s ✘ ✔ ✦ ✛ ✣ ★ ✙ ✗ ✦ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✦ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✚ ✫ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✙ ✘ ✧ ✚ ✥ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✩
✰ ❝ ❝ ✚ ✦ ✢ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✘ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✥ ✙ ✔ ✪ ✱ ✐ ✚ ✦ ✔ s ✣ ✧ ✜ ★ ✔ ✱ ✣ ✛ ✣ ✦ ✦ ✚ ✪
✗ ✓ ✚ ✘ ✐ ✦ ✚ ✧ ✣ ✤ ✚ ✪ ✫ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✗ ✐ ★ ✮ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✗ ✙ ✛ ❝ ✔ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✙ ✦ ✤ ✔ ✓ ✙ ✛ ✢
✘ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✦ ✦ ✚ ✪ ✫ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✗ ✜ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✙ ✘ ✩ ❚ ✓ ✔ ✥ ✙ ✔ ✪ ✪ ✣ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✦ ✘ ✚ ✐
✣ ✛ ✔ ★ ✣ ✤ ✚ ✦ ✣ ✘ ✔ ✐ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✔ ✪ ✚ ✦ ✫ ✚ ✐ ✙ ✢ ✔ ✣ ✗ ✢ ✔ ✥ ✔ ★ ✚ ✜ ✔ ✢ ✤ ✮
✰ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✘ ★ ✔ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✐ ✤ ✚ ✢ ✙ ✔ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✛ ✙ ✥ ✔ ✦ ✗ ✔ ✩
▼
✚ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✐ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✰ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✘ ✔ ★ ✙ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✢ ✔ ✣ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✦ ✔ ✛ ✚ ✪
✫ ✛ ✚ ✪ ✛ ✘ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✪ ✦ ✚ ✛ ✬ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✛ ✔ ✔ ✢ ✛ ✚ ✘ ❝ ✚ ✛ ❝ ✔ ✦ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✩
❋
✚ ✦ ✚ ✖ ✦ ✜ ✖ ✦ ✜ ✚ ✗ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✔ ✱ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✰ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✘ ✔ ★ ✙ ✣ ✛ ★ ✣ ✪ ✚ ✐
✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✧ ✣ ✮ ✤ ✔ ✜ ✓ ✦ ✣ ✗ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✓ ✖ ✗
♠ ❆ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✿✼ ❀ ✻ ❁ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❀❅ ✼
❈ ❉ ❀ ✼ ❊ ● ❈ ❀ ✼ ■ ✿ ❄ ❏ ✼ ✼ ❑ ❁ ▲ ❄ ■ ◆ ❈ ✻ ❖ ❄ ✿ ❈ ❄ ✻
✩
✰ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✘ ✔ ★ ✙ ✣ ✛ ★ ✣ ✪ ✚ ✐ ✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✗ ✐ ★ ✣ ✪ ✔ ✢ ✱ ✣ ✗ ✪ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✣ ★ ★
✗ ✔ ✔ ✩ ❍ ✚ ✪ ✔ ✥ ✔ ✦ ✱ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✣ ✛ ✣ ✘ ✖ ✦ ✣ ★ ✥ ✙ ✔ ✪ ✘ ✓ ✣ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✮ ✚ ✛ ✔
✪ ✚ ✖ ★ ✢ ✓ ✚ ★ ✢ ✐ ✦ ✚ ✧ ❝ ✚ ✧ ✧ ✚ ✛ ✔ s ✜ ✔ ✦ ✙ ✔ ✛ ❝ ✔ ✩
✇
✥ ✔ ✛ ✣
✗ ✧ ✣ ★ ★ ❝ ✓ ✙ ★ ✢ ✜ ★ ✣ ✮ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✪ ✙ ✘ ✓ ✣ ✗ ✙ ✧ ✜ ★ ✔ ✲ ✛ ✚ ✛
◗
✔ ★ ✔ ❝ ✘ ✦ ✙ ❝ ❇
✘ ✚ ✮
◗
❝ ✣ ✦ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✐ ★ ✚ ✚ ✦ ✫ ✛ ✚ ✪ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✘ ✖ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✥ ✔ ★ ✮ ✘ ✓ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✛ ✔ ✔ ✢ ✗
✘ ✚ ❝ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✘ ★ ✮ ✢ ✦ ✣ ✬ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✦ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✣ ✘ ✘ ✣ ❝ ✓ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✘ ✚ ✮
◗
❝ ✣ ✦ ✪ ✙ ✘ ✓ ✗ ✚ ✧ ✔ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✘ ✚ ✫ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✙ ✘ ✬ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✩ ✭ ✐ ✙ ✘ ✦ ✔ ★ ✔ ✣ ✗ ✔ ✗
✘ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✦ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✱ ✙ ✘ ❝ ✚ ✧ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✩ ❚ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✔ s ✜ ✔ ✦ ✙ ✔ ✛ ❝ ✔ ✙ ✗
❝ ✚ ✧ ✧ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✚ ✧ ✚ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✔ ✦ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✦ ✙ ✣ ★ ✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✩
✇
s ✘ ✔ ✦ ✛ ✣ ★
✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✗ ✗ ✔ ✔ ✧ ✘ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✔ ✢ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✚ ✫ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✤ ✚ ✢ ✙ ✔ ✗ ✙ ✛
✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✩ ❘ ✔ ✐ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✧ ✗ ✔ ★ ✥ ✔ ✗ ✱ ✣ ★ ★ ✤ ✚ ✢ ✙ ✔ ✗ ✔ ✥ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✖ ✣ ★ ★ ✮
❝ ✚ ✧ ✔ ✘ ✚ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✩
❲ ✓ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✐ ★ ✣ ✪ ✙ ✛ ✰ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✘ ★ ✔ ❙ ✗ ✣ ✦ ✬ ✖ ✧ ✔ ✛ ✘ ❯ ❚ ✓ ✔
✣ ✛ ✗ ✪ ✔ ✦ ✙ ✗
♠
✣ ✧ ✚ ✥ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✘ ✚ ✮ ❝ ✣ ✦ ❝ ✚ ✧ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✤ ✔ ❝ ✣ ✖ ✗ ✔
✘ ✓ ✔ ✔ s ✘ ✔ ✦ ✛ ✣ ★ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✚ ✐ ✐ ✦ ✙ ❝ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✓ ✔ ❝ ✣ ✦ ✤ ✮ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✐ ★ ✚ ✚ ✦
✚ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✗ ✔ ✗ ✙ ✘ ✗ ✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✩ ❚ ✚ ❝ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✘ ✔ ✦ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✱ ✘ ✓ ✔ ❝ ✓ ✙ ★ ✢
✓ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✣ ✜ ✜ ★ ✮ ✣ ✛ ✔ s ✘ ✔ ✦ ✛ ✣ ★ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✓ ✔ ❝ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✛ ✘ ✓ ✔
✢ ✙ ✦ ✔ ❝ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✐ ✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✩ ❲ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✓ ✔ ❝ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✖ ✛ ✙ ✐ ✚ ✦ ✧
✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✱ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✔ ✘ ✔ s ✘ ✔ ✦ ✛ ✣ ★ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✣ ❝ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✘
♠
✘ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✤ ✮ ✘ ✓ ✔ ❝ ✓ ✙ ★ ✢ ❝ ✣ ✛ ❝ ✔ ★ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✲ ✐ ✦ ✙ ❝ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ❇
✤ ✮ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✐ ★ ✚ ✚ ✦ ✩ ❚ ✓ ✔ ❝ ✚ ✦ ✚ ★ ★ ✣ ✦ ✮ ✙ ✗
♠
✙ ✐ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✔ ✪ ✔ ✦ ✔ ✛ ✚ ✐ ✦ ✙ ❝ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✱
✘ ✓ ✔ ❝ ✓ ✙ ★ ✢ ✪ ✚ ✖ ★ ✢ ✛ ✚ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✦ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✦ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✚ ✣ ✜ ✜ ★ ✮ ✣ ✛ ✮ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔
✘ ✚ ✫ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✘ ✚ ✮ ❝ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✛ ✖ ✛ ✙ ✐ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✩
❚ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✗ ✗ ✖ ❝ ✓ ✣ ✗ ✐ ✦ ✙ ❝ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✲ ✗ ✚ ★ ✙ ✢ ✗ ❇
✣ ✛ ✢ ✥ ✙ ✗ ❝ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✗ ✲ ✐ ✚ ✦ ✐ ★ ✖ ✙ ✢ ✗ ❇ ✣ ✦ ✔ ✣ ★ ✪ ✣ ✮ ✗ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✘
✙ ✛ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✣ ✘ ✖ ✦ ✣ ★ ✪ ✚ ✦ ★ ✢ ✩ ❚ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✔ s ✜ ★ ✣ ✙ ✛ ✗ ✪ ✓ ✮ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✗
✤ ✮ ✔ s ✘ ✔ ✦ ✛ ✣ ★ ✣ ✬ ✔ ✛ ❝ ✙ ✔ ✗ ✣ ✦ ✔ ✛ ✔ ❝ ✔ ✗ ✗ ✣ ✦ ✮ ✘ ✚ ✚ ✥ ✔ ✦ ❝ ✚ ✧ ✔
✘ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✦ ✙ ❝ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✣ ★ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✫ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✤ ✚ ✢ ✙ ✔ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✖ ✛ ✙ ✐ ✚ ✦ ✧
✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✩ ♦ ✚ ✪ ✪ ✔ ✖ ✛ ✢ ✔ ✦ ✗ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✪ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✔ ✰ ✦ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✘ ★ ✔
✪ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✪ ✦ ✚ ✛ ✬ ✩ ❍ ✔ ❝ ✚ ✢ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✜ ✦ ✣ ❝ ✘ ✙ ❝ ✣ ★ ✔ s ✜ ✔ ✦ ✙ ✔ ✛ ❝ ✔
✙ ✛ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✚ ✐ ✣ ✤ ✣ ✗ ✙ ❝ ✣ ✦ ✬ ✖ ✧ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✩ ❚ ✚ ✬ ✔ ✘ ✣ ✘ ✘ ✓ ✔
✘ ✦ ✖ ✔ ★ ✣ ✪ ✚ ✐ ✛ ✣ ✘ ✖ ✦ ✔ ✐ ✚ ✦ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✗ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✱ ✚ ✛ ✔ ✓ ✣ ✗
✘ ✚ ✙ ✧ ✣ ✬ ✙ ✛ ✔ ✣ ✪ ✚ ✦ ★ ✢ ✙ ✛ ✪ ✓ ✙ ❝ ✓ ✖ ✛ ✙ ✐ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✗
✜ ✚ ✗ ✗ ✙ ✤ ★ ✔ ✪ ✙ ✘ ✓ ✛ ✚ ✐ ✦ ✙ ❝ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✣ ★ ✐ ✚ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✗ ✚ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✩ ❚ ✓ ✙ ✗
✙ ✗ ✪ ✓ ✣ ✘ ✯ ✣ ★ ✙ ★ ✔ ✚ ✢ ✙ ✢ ✩
✺ ✝
❱
☛
❳
✍ ✌ ❆
❨
☞ ✏ ✠
❩
✍ ✟ ☛ ✠ ❆
✯ ✣ ★ ✙ ★ ✔ ✚ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✢ ✙ ✔ ✢ ✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✐ ✚ ✤
❬
✔ ❝ ✘ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✛ ❝ ★ ✙ ✛ ✔ ✢
✜ ★ ✣ ✛ ✔ ✩
♣
✤
❬
✔ ❝ ✘ ✗ ✲ ✙ ❇ ✧ ✚ ✥ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✢ ✚ ✪ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✛ ❝ ★ ✙ ✛ ✔ ✢ ✜ ★ ✣ ✛ ✔
✣ ❝ ❝ ✔ ★ ✔ ✦ ✣ ✘ ✔ ✱ ✪ ✓ ✙ ★ ✔ ✘ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✔ ✲ ✙ ✙ ❇ ✧ ✚ ✥ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✖ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✘ ✣ ✦ ✢ ✩
✲ ✙ ✙ ✙ ❇
▼
✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✓ ✚ ✦ ✙
❤
✚ ✛ ✘ ✣ ★ ✜ ★ ✣ ✛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✣ ✛
✙ ✛ ✘ ✔ ✦ ✧ ✔ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✘ ✔ ✗ ✙ ✘ ✖ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✩ ✯ ✣ ★ ✙ ★ ✔ ✚ ❝ ✚ ✛ ❝ ★ ✖ ✢ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✓ ✣ ✘
✣ ✛ ✚ ✤
❬
✔ ❝ ✘ ✧ ✚ ✥ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✐ ✦ ✙ ❝ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ★ ✔ ✗ ✗ ✓ ✚ ✦ ✙
❤
✚ ✛ ✘ ✣ ★
✜ ★ ✣ ✛ ✔ ✧ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✔ ✙ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✓ ✣ ✥ ✔ ✣ ❝ ❝ ✔ ★ ✔ ✦ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✛ ✚ ✦
✦ ✔ ✘ ✣ ✦ ✢ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✱ ✙ ✩ ✔ ✩ ✙ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✚ ✖ ★ ✢ ✧ ✚ ✥ ✔ ✪ ✙ ✘ ✓ ❝ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✘
✥ ✔ ★ ✚ ❝ ✙ ✘ ✮ ✲
❋
✙ ✬ ✩ ✈ ✩ ❭ ✲ ✣ ❇ ❇ ✩
✲ ✙ ❇ ✲ ✙ ✙ ❇ ✲ ✙ ✙ ✙ ❇
❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❛ ❵ ❜❞ ❡❢
✰ ✛ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✔ s ✜ ✔ ✦ ✙ ✧ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✤ ✮ ✯ ✣ ★ ✙ ★ ✔ ✚ ★ ✔ ✣ ✢ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✘ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✔
✗ ✣ ✧ ✔ ❝ ✚ ✛ ❝ ★ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✛ ✥ ✚ ★ ✥ ✔ ✗ ✣ ✢ ✚ ✖ ✤ ★ ✔ ✙ ✛ ❝ ★ ✙ ✛ ✔ ✢ ✜ ★ ✣ ✛ ✔ ✩
✰ ✤ ✣ ★ ★ ✦ ✔ ★ ✔ ✣ ✗ ✔ ✢ ✐ ✦ ✚ ✧ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✔ ✚ ✐ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✜ ★ ✣ ✛ ✔ ✗ ✦ ✚ ★ ★ ✗
✢ ✚ ✪ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✢ ❝ ★ ✙ ✧ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✜ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✩ ✭ ✐ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✜ ★ ✣ ✛ ✔ ✗ ✣ ✦ ✔
✗ ✧ ✚ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✱ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✙ ✛ ✣ ★ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✬ ✓ ✘ ✚ ✐ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✣ ★ ★ ✙ ✗ ✛ ✔ ✣ ✦ ★ ✮ ✘ ✓ ✔
✗ ✣ ✧ ✔ ✣ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✛ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✣ ★ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✬ ✓ ✘ ✲ ✣ ★ ✙ ✘ ✘ ★ ✔ ★ ✔ ✗ ✗ ✤ ✖ ✘ ✛ ✔ ✥ ✔ ✦
✬ ✦ ✔ ✣ ✘ ✔ ✦ ❇ ✩ ✭ ✛ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✢ ✔ ✣ ★ ✗ ✙ ✘ ✖ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✱ ✪ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✐ ✦ ✙ ❝ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✗
✣ ✤ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✱ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✐ ✙ ✛ ✣ ★ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✬ ✓ ✘ ✚ ✐ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✣ ★ ★ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✣ ✧ ✔
✣ ✗ ✙ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✣ ★ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✬ ✓ ✘ ✩
✭ ✐ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✗ ★ ✚ ✜ ✔ ✚ ✐ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✔ ❝ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✜ ★ ✣ ✛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✔ ❝ ✦ ✔ ✣ ✗ ✔ ✢
✣ ✛ ✢ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✔ s ✜ ✔ ✦ ✙ ✧ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✦ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✣ ✘ ✔ ✢ ✱ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✣ ★ ★ ✪ ✙ ★ ★ ✗ ✘ ✙ ★ ★
✦ ✔ ✣ ❝ ✓ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✣ ✧ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✬ ✓ ✘ ✱ ✤ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✗ ✚ ✱ ✙ ✘ ✪ ✙ ★ ★
✘ ✦ ✣ ✥ ✔ ★ ✣ ★ ✚ ✛ ✬ ✔ ✦ ✢ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✣ ✛ ❝ ✔ ✩ ✭ ✛ ✘ ✓ ✔ ★ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✬ ❝ ✣ ✗ ✔ ✱ ✪ ✓ ✔ ✛
✘ ✓ ✔ ✗ ★ ✚ ✜ ✔ ✚ ✐ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✔ ❝ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✜ ★ ✣ ✛ ✔ ✙ ✗
❤
✔ ✦ ✚ ✲ ✙ ✩ ✔ ✩ ✙ ✗ ✣
✓ ✚ ✦ ✙
❤
✚ ✛ ✘ ✣ ★ ❇ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✣ ★ ★ ✘ ✦ ✣ ✥ ✔ ★ ✗ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✛ ✐ ✙ ✛ ✙ ✘ ✔ ✢ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✣ ✛ ❝ ✔ ✩
✭ ✛ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✪ ✚ ✦ ✢ ✗ ✱ ✙ ✘ ✗ ✧ ✚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✛ ✔ ✥ ✔ ✦ ❝ ✔ ✣ ✗ ✔ ✗ ✩ ❚ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✱
✚ ✐ ❝ ✚ ✖ ✦ ✗ ✔ ✱ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✢ ✔ ✣ ★ ✙ ✗ ✔ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✘ ✖ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✲
❋
✙ ✬ ✩ ✈ ✩ ❭ ✲ ✤ ❇ ❇ ✩
❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❛ ❵ ❜❞
❣
❢
❥ ❦ ❧ ♥ q r t✉ ① ② ❧③ ④ ① q r q ⑤ ① ② ✉❧③ ③ ❧⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ q ♥ ① ♥ ❧t
✉③ t⑩ t ⑦ ⑤ ❧③ ❶q ④① t ② ⑤ t✉ ⑩t ④① t ② t✉ q ⑦ q ♥ ♥ t ② q
⑥ t
❷
⑦ ♥ ❧ ① ②
❸
♥ ① ② ❧⑥
❹
♥ q ② ❧
❺
▲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟ ✾ ✠
■ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✌ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✗ ✌ ✘ ✎ ✗ ☛ ✌ ✚ ✎ ✑ ☞
✙ ✗ ♠ ✏ ✡ ✛ ✌ ✚ ✏ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✖ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✗ ☞ ✏ ❢ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✌ ✕ ☛ ✕ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✒
✔ ✑ ✍ ✌ ❜ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✗ ☛ ☛ ✗ ✘ ✏ ✡ ✛ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✚ ✚ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✜ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✓
✍ ✌ ✡ ✡ ✑ ♠ ✑ ☞ ✔ ✑ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✌ ✕ ✕ t ✑ ✕ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✖ ❡ ✢ ✗ ✜ ✑ ♠ ✑ ☞ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✓ ✑ ☞ ✑
✜ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✗ ✚ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✌ ✕ ✕ ✜ ✗ ❜ ✕ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✡ ❜ ✑ ✎ ✗ ✙ ✗ ♠ ✑
✜ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✗ ✡ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✡ ✎ ♠ ✑ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✎ t ✗ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✗ ☞ ✏ ❢ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✌ ✕ ☛ ✕ ✌ ✡ ✑ ❡
● ✌ ✕ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✓ ❜ ✘ ✒ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✏ ♠ ✑ ✖ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✜ ✏ ✡ ✘ ✏ ✛ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✡
✙ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✖ ✑ ✕ ❜ ✖ ✑ ✖ ✣ ☞ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✜ ✓ ✗
✚ ✗ ✕ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✏ ✙ ❡ ✤ ✓ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✚ ☞ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✚
❜ ✡ ✏ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✙ ✕ ✏ ✡ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✉ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✜ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✡ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✡ ✎
♠ ✑ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✎ t ✈ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✑ ✥ ❜ ✏ ♠ ✌ ✕ ✑ ✡ ✎ ❡ ■ ✡ ✔ ✗ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✘ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✘
✡ ✗ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✡ ✛ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✖ t ❡ ■ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✏ ✡ ✍ ✗ ☞ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✗
✌ ✘ ✘ ❜ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✡ ✑ ✑ ✖ ✑ ✖ ✎ ✗ ❛ ✑ ✑ ☛ ✌ ✔ ✗ ✖ t
✏ ✡ ❜ ✡ ✏ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✙ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ❡ ✤ ✗ ✙ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✔ ✗ ✖ t ✏ ✡
❜ ✡ ✏ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✙ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✒ ✜ ✑ ✡ ✑ ✑ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✌ ☛ ☛ ✕ t ✌ ✡ ✑ ✦ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✕
✚ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✗ ❜ ✡ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✚ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✎
✎ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✜ ✗ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✘ ✘ ❜ ✙ ❜ ☛ ✎ ✗ ❢ ✑ ☞ ✗ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✦ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✕
✚ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✑ ❡
✤ ✗ ✘ ❜ ✙ ✙ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✦ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✏ ✘ ❢ ✑ ☞ ✗ ✒
✌ ✔ ✗ ✖ t ✌ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✡ ❜ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✗ ☞ ✑ ✙ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✡ ✖ ✌
✔ ✗ ✖ t ✏ ✡ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✍ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✡ ❜ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✙ ✗ ♠ ✑ ✜ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✌ ❜ ✡ ✏ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✙
♠ ✑ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✎ t ❡ ✤ ✓ ✏ ✘ ☛ ☞ ✗ ☛ ✑ ☞ ✎ t ✗ ✚ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✖ t ✏ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✕ ✕ ✑ ✖
✏ ✡ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✌ ❡ ■ ✡ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✙ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✘ ➅ ✧★ ✩ ✪ ✩ ✫✬ ✭ ✮ ★ ✫ ✯ ✮ ✰ ✬ ✭ ✱ ★ ✲ ❡
✣ ✔ ✗ ✖ t ✖ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✡ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✡ ✛ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✚ ☞ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✗ ☞
❜ ✡ ✏ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✙ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✒ ❜ ✡ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✘ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✦ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✑
✍ ✗ ✙ ☛ ✑ ✕ ✘ ✏ ✎ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✡ ✛ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✑ ❡
✺ ✳ ✴ ◆✵ ✶ ✷ ✸ ◆✲ ✹ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✹ ✷ ✿ ❀ ✶ ✸ ✻ ❁ ✸ ✷ ✼ ✸ ◆
● ✌ ✕ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✗
❂
✘ ✘ ✏ ✙ ☛ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✔ ❜ ✎ ☞ ✑ ♠ ✗ ✕ ❜ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✌ ☞ t ✏ ✖ ✑ ✌ ✘
✖ ✑ ✎ ✓ ☞ ✗ ✡ ✑ ✖ ✣ ☞ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✍ ✘ ❡ ✣ ✡ ✑ ✜
✙ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✍ ✘ ✓ ✌ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✔ ✑ ✖ ✑ ♠ ✑ ✕ ✗ ☛ ✑ ✖ ❡ ✤ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✘ ❛ ✜ ✌ ✘
❃ ❄❅ ❆❇ ❈ ❉ ❊ ❈ ❋ ❍ ❈ ❉ ❍ ❉ ❏ ❉ ❑ ❍ ❅ ❉ ❋ ❃ ❉ ❄❍ ❆❉ ▼ ❑ ❍ ❅ ❉❑ ❅
❖P ◗ ❘ ❙ P ❚ ❯P ❱ ❘ ❲ P ❚ ❳ ❘ P ❨ ❙ ❩ ❬ ❳ ❲ ❱ ❲ ❩ ❩ ❘ ❭ ❙ ❱ ❲ ❚ ❲ P ❙ ❪ ❲ ❫ ❴ ❩ ❲ ❚ ❙ ❬ ❵ ❬ ❚ ❙ ❝ ❴ ❞ ❘ ❱ ❙ ❲ ❬ ❴ P ❝ ❴ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❣ ❤ ❴ ❩ ◗ ❙ ✐ ❚ ❳ ❙ ◗ ❲ ❥❬ ❙ ❴ ❞
❝ ❴ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ✐
❦
❲ ❬ ❚ ❳ ❴ ❥
❧
❳ ❚ ❚ ❴ ❫ ❙ ❴ ❞ ❱ ❘ ❞ ❞ ❙ ❩ ❙ P ❚ ❨ ❘ P ❱ ❬
♥
❞ ❴ ❩ ◗ ❙ ❱ ❥ ❙ ❚ ❴ ◗ ❴ P ❚ ❘ P ❥ ❴ ❥❬
♦
❩ ❙ ❬ ❬ ❥ ❩ ❙
♣
P ❴ ❱ ❲ P
q
✐ ❲ ❬ ❚ ❳ ❙ ❞ ❴ ❩ ◗ ❙
❴ ❞
❦
❘ P ❱ ❴ P ❲ ❬ ❲ ❘ ❪ ❘ P
❧
❭ ❙ ❬ ❬ ❙ ❪ r ❘ ❝
♦
❲ ◗ ❚
♣
❲ ❫ ❳ ❘
❧
❳ ❲ ❚
q
✐ ❲ ❬
❦
❳ ❙ P ❲
♦
❴ ❚ ❚ ❙ ❩ s ❬ ❩ ❴ ❱ ❬ ❚ ❩ ❘ ❨ ❙ ❬ ❚ ❳ ❙
❦
❳ ❙ ❙ ❪ r
♦
❙ ❩ ❬ ❘ ❬ ❚ ❙ P ❚
❚ ❙ P ❱ ❙ P ◗ ❵
♣
❬ ❲ P ❬ ❨ ❲ ❩ ❲
q
❚ ❴ ❝ ❴ ❭ ❙ ❘ P ❲ ❬ ❚ ❩ ❲ ❘
❧
❳ ❚ ❪ ❘ P ❙
♣
❭ ❙
❧
❲
q
❴ ❩ ❩ ❙ ❬ ❚ ❴ ❩ ❲ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❴ ❞ ❬ ❳ ❲
♦
❙ ❘ P ❲ P ❙ ❪ ❲ ❬ ❚ ❘ ◗ ❫ ❴ ❱ ❵ r
❚ ❩ ❲ P ❬ ❝ ❘ ❚ ❚ ❙ ❱ ❞ ❴ ❩ ◗ ❙ ❫ ❵ ❲ ❬ ❚ ❩ ❘ P
❧
✐ ❩ ❴ ❱ ✐ ❙ ❚ ◗ ❣
✇
❳ ❙ P ❴ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❴ ❞
♣
❭ ❙
❧
❲
q
❘ P ❚ ❳ ❙
①
❲ ❘ ❬ ❙ ❬ ❘ ❨ ❲ ❚ ❳ ❙ ❴ ❩ ❵ ❴ ❞ ❝ ❴ ❚ ❘ ❴ P
♦
❙ ❩ ❳ ❲
♦
❬
◗ ❴ ❝ ❙ ❬ ◗ ❪ ❴ ❬ ❙ ❬ ❚ ❚ ❴ ❚ ❳ ❙ ◗ ❴ P ◗ ❙
♦
❚ ❴ ❞ ❘ P ❙ ❩ ❚ ❘ ❲ ❣
①
❙
❧
❲ ✐ ❚ ❳ ❙ ❚ ❙ P ❱ ❙ P ◗ ❵ ❚ ❴ ❝ ❴ ❭ ❙ ❘ P ❲ ❬ ❚ ❩ ❲ ❘
❧
❳ ❚ ❪ ❘ P ❙ ✐
❦
❲ ❬ ❚ ❳ ❴ ❥
❧
❳ ❚ ❚ ❴
❫ ❙ ❴
♦ ♦
❴ ❬ ❙ ❱ ❫ ❵ ◗ ❴ P ❚ ❲ ◗ ❚
❦
❘ ❚ ❳ ❴ ❫ ② ❙ ◗ ❚ ❬ ❘ P ◗ ❪ ❥❱ ❘ P
❧
❲ ❚ ❝ ❴ ❬
♦
❳ ❙ ❩ ❙ ✐ ❲
♦
❲ ❩ ❲ ❪ ❪ ❙ ❪ ❚ ❴ ❚ ❳ ❙ ❘ ❱ ❙ ❲ ❬ ❴ ❞ ❞ ❩ ❘ ◗ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❲ P ❱ ❲ ❘ ❩
❩ ❙ ❬ ❘ ❬ ❚ ❲ P ◗ ❙ ❣ ❯❚
❦
❲ ❬ ◗ ❴ ❩ ❩ ❙ ◗ ❚ ❪ ❵ ❬ ❥ ❝ ❝ ❲ ❩ ❘ ❬ ❙ ❱ ❚ ❳ ❲ ❚ ❚ ❳ ❙ ❱ ❘ ❞ ❞ ❙ ❩ ❙ P ❚ ❨ ❘ P ❱ ❬ ❴ ❞ ❝ ❴ ❚ ❘ ❴ P
♣
❚ ❩ ❲ P ❬ ❪ ❲ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❲ ❪ ✐ ❩ ❴ ❚ ❲ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❲ ❪
❲ P ❱ ❭ ❘ ❫ ❩ ❲ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❲ ❪
q
❴ ❞ ❲ P ❙ ③ ❚ ❙ P ❱ ❙ ❱ ❫ ❴ ❱ ❵ ❲ ❩ ❘ ❬ ❙ ❞ ❩ ❴ ❝ ❴ P ❪ ❵ ❚ ❳ ❙ ❚ ❩ ❲ P ❬ ❪ ❲ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❲ ❪ ❝ ❴ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❴ ❞ ❘ ❚ ❬ ◗ ❴ P ❬ ❚ ❘ ❚ ❥ ❙ P ❚
♦
❲ ❩ ❚ ❘ ◗ ❪ ❙ ❬ ❣ ❖ ❞ ❲ ❪ ❪ ❘ P
❧
❪ ❙ ❲ ❞ ❘ P ❚ ❳ ❙
❦
❘ P ❱ ❝ ❲ ❵ ❳ ❲ ❭ ❙ ❱ ❴
❦
P
❦
❲ ❩ ❱ ❝ ❴ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❲ ❬ ❲
❦
❳ ❴ ❪ ❙
♣ ♦
❲ ❚ ❲ P
q
❲ P ❱ ❲ ❪ ❬ ❴ ❩ ❴ ❚ ❲ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❲ ❪
❲ P ❱ ❭ ❘ ❫ ❩ ❲ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❲ ❪ ❝ ❴ ❚ ❘ ❴ P
♣
❫ ❳ ❩ ❲ ❝ ❲ P ✐ ❬
♦
❲ P ❱ ❲ P
q
✐ ❫ ❥ ❚ ❙ ❲ ◗ ❳
♦
❲ ❩ ❚ ❘ ◗ ❪ ❙ ❴ ❞ ❚ ❳ ❙ ❪ ❙ ❲ ❞ ❲ ❚ ❲ P ❘ P ❬ ❚ ❲ P ❚ ❴ P ❪ ❵ ❳ ❲ ❬ ❲
❱ ❙ ❞ ❘ P ❘ ❚ ❙
♣
❬ ❝ ❲ ❪ ❪
q
❱ ❘ ❬
♦
❪ ❲ ◗ ❙ ❝ ❙ P ❚ ❣
✇
❳ ❙ ❩ ❙
❦
❲ ❬ ◗ ❴ P ❬ ❘ ❱ ❙ ❩ ❲ ❫ ❪ ❙ ❞ ❴ ◗ ❥❬ ❘ P ❯P ❱ ❘ ❲ P ❚ ❳ ❴ ❥
❧
❳ ❚ ❴ P ❝ ❙ ❲ ❬ ❥ ❩ ❙ ❝ ❙ P ❚ ❴ ❞
❝ ❴ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❲ P ❱ ❥ P ❘ ❚ ❬ ❴ ❞ ❪ ❙ P
❧
❚ ❳ ❲ P ❱ ❚ ❘ ❝ ❙ ❣ ❯❚
❦
❲ ❬ ❨ P ❴
❦
P ❚ ❳ ❲ ❚ ❚ ❳ ❙
♦
❴ ❬ ❘ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❴ ❞ ❲
♦
❲ ❩ ❚ ❘ ◗ ❪ ❙ ❘ P ❬
♦
❲ ◗ ❙ ◗ ❲ P ❫ ❙
❘ P ❱ ❘ ◗ ❲ ❚ ❙ ❱ ❫ ❵ ❱ ❘ ❬ ❚ ❲ P ◗ ❙ ❝ ❙ ❲ ❬ ❥ ❩ ❙ ❱ ❲ ❪ ❴ P
❧
❚ ❳ ❩ ❙ ❙ ❲ ③ ❙ ❬ ❣
④
❳ ❲ ❬ ❨ ❲ ❩ ❲
♣ ⑤ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦
❖❣
⑧
❣
q
❳ ❲ ❱ ❘ P ❚ ❩ ❴ ❱ ❥ ◗ ❙ ❱ ❚ ❳ ❙ ◗ ❴ P ◗ ❙
♦
❚
❴ ❞
⑨
❘ P ❬ ❚ ❲ P ❚ ❲ P ❙ ❴ ❥❬ ❝ ❴ ❚ ❘ ❴ P s
♣ ⑩ ❶ ⑩ ❷ ❶ ❸ ❹ ❷ ❹ ❺ ❶ ⑩ ❹ q
✐
❦
❳ ❘ ◗ ❳ ❲ P ❚ ❘ ◗ ❘
♦
❲ ❚ ❙ ❱ ❚ ❳ ❙ ❝ ❴ ❱ ❙ ❩ P P ❴ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❴ ❞ ❘ P ❬ ❚ ❲ P ❚ ❲ P ❙ ❴ ❥❬
❭ ❙ ❪ ❴ ◗ ❘ ❚ ❵ ❥❬ ❘ P
❧ ⑧
❘ ❞ ❞ ❙ ❩ ❙ P ❚ ❘ ❲ ❪ ❻ ❲ ❪ ◗ ❥ ❪ ❥❬ ❣
✇
❳ ❙ ❱ ❘ ❞ ❞ ❙ ❩ ❙ P ◗ ❙ ❫ ❙ ❚
❦
❙ ❙ P ❲
❦
❲ ❭ ❙ ❲ P ❱ ❲ ◗ ❥ ❩ ❩ ❙ P ❚
♣
❴ ❞
❦
❲ ❚ ❙ ❩
q ❦
❲ ❬ ◗ ❪ ❙ ❲ ❩ ❪ ❵
❥ P ❱ ❙ ❩ ❬ ❚ ❴ ❴ ❱ r ❲ ◗ ❥ ❩ ❩ ❙ P ❚ ❘ ❬ ❲ ❝ ❴ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❴ ❞
♦
❲ ❩ ❚ ❘ ◗ ❪ ❙ ❬ ❴ ❞
❦
❲ ❚ ❙ ❩ ❥ P ❱ ❙ ❩
❧
❩ ❲ ❭ ❘ ❚ ❵ ❲ P ❱ ❞ ❪ ❥❘ ❱ ❘ ❚ ❵
❦
❳ ❘ ❪ ❙ ❲
❦
❲ ❭ ❙ ❩ ❙ ❬ ❥ ❪ ❚ ❬
❞ ❩ ❴ ❝ ❚ ❳ ❙ ❚ ❩ ❲ P ❬ ❝ ❘ ❬ ❬ ❘ ❴ P ❴ ❞ ❭ ❘ ❫ ❩ ❲ ❚ ❘ ❴ P ❬ ❴ ❞
❦
❲ ❚ ❙ ❩
♦
❲ ❩ ❚ ❘ ◗ ❪ ❙ ❬ ❣
✌ ✍ ✍ ✗ ✙ ☛ ✕ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✑ ✖ ✌ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✡ ✛ ✕ ✑ ❼ ✓ ✌ ✡ ✖ ✑ ✖ ✕ t ✔ t ■ ✘ ✌ ✌ ✍
❽ ✑ ✜ ✎ ✗ ✡ ✒ ✗ ✡ ✑ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✛ ☞ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✚ ✌ ✕ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✘ ❡
❽ ✑ ✜ ✎ ✗ ✡ ✔ ❜ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✡ ● ✌ ✕ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✗
❂
✘ ✏ ✖ ✑ ✌ ✘ ✌ ✡ ✖ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✎ ✓ ✑
✚ ✗ ❜ ✡ ✖ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✍ ✘ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✙ ✘ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✓ ☞ ✑ ✑ ✕ ✌ ✜ ✘
✗ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✛ ✗ ✔ t ✓ ✏ ✘ ✡ ✌ ✙ ✑ ❡ ● ✌ ✕ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✗
❂
✘ ✕ ✌ ✜ ✗ ✚
✏ ✡ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✜ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✡ ✛ ☛ ✗ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✜ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✑
✚ ✗ ☞ ✙ ❜ ✕ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✖ ✌ ✘ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✻ ✪ ✧ ✩ ✫ ✿ ✬ ❾ ✯ ❿ ➀ ✯ ✫ ✪ ✯ ✭ ➁
✵ ➂ ★ ✧ ➃ ➄ ✯ ➆ ➃ ✮ ✯ ✭ ✫ ✪ ✭ ➇ ★ ✩ ✫ ✯ ➄ ★ ✪ ✭ ✪ ✫✩ ✩ ✫✬ ✫ ★
✯ ❿ ✧★ ✩ ✫ ✯ ✧ ✯ ❿ ➇ ✭ ✪ ❿ ✯ ✧➀ ➀ ✯ ✫ ✪ ✯ ✭ ✪ ✭ ✬ ✩ ✫✧ ✬ ✪ ✱ ✰ ✫
➈ ✪ ✭ ★ ➇ ✭ ➈ ★ ✩ ✩ ✮ ✯ ➀ ➉ ★ ➈ ➈ ★ ➆ ➄ ➃ ✩ ✯ ➀ ★ ★ ➊ ✫ ★ ✧✭ ✬ ➈
❿ ✯ ✧✮ ★ ✫ ✯ ✬ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✫ ✰ ★ ✧ ❾ ✪ ✩ ★ ✳
✤ ✓ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✚ ☞ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✗ ☞ ❜ ✡ ✏ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✙ ✕ ✏ ✡ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✔ ✗ ✎ ✓
✏ ✙ ☛ ✕ t ❢ ✑ ☞ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✑ ✕ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ❡ ✤ ✓ ✑ ✚ ✏ ☞ ✘ ✎ ✕ ✌ ✜ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✒
✎ ✓ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✘ ✏ ✙ ☛ ✕ t ✑ ✦ ☛ ☞ ✑ ✘ ✘ ✑ ✖ ✌ ✘ ➋
✼ ❿ ✫ ✰ ★ ✭ ★ ✫ ★ ➊ ✫ ★ ✧✭ ✬ ➈ ❿ ✯ ✧✮ ★ ✯ ✭ ✬ ➄ ✯ ➆ ➃ ✪ ✩ ➌ ★ ✧✯ ➍ ✪ ✫✩
✬ ✮ ✮ ★ ➈ ★ ✧ ✬ ✫ ✪ ✯ ✭ ✪ ✩ ➌ ★ ✧✯ ✳ ❀ ✮ ✮ ★ ➈ ★ ✧ ✬ ✫✪ ✯ ✭ ✮ ✬ ✭ ➄ ★ ✭ ✯ ✭
➌ ★ ✧✯ ✯ ✭ ➈ ➃ ✪ ❿ ✫ ✰ ★ ✧★ ✪ ✩ ✬ ✭ ★ ✫ ★ ➊ ✫ ★ ✧✭ ✬ ➈ ❿ ✯ ✧✮ ★ ✯ ✭
✫ ✰ ★ ➄ ✯ ➆ ➃ ✳
✤ ✜ ✗ ❛ ✏ ✡ ✖ ✘ ✗ ✚ ✘ ✏ ✎ ❜ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✘ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✑ ✡ ✍ ✗ ❜ ✡ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✖ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✑
✌ ☛ ☛ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✌ ✜ ✏ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✑ ❡ ■ ✡ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✑
✑ ✦ ✌ ✙ ☛ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✜ ✑ ❛ ✡ ✗ ✜ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✦ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✑
✗ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✔ ➎ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✘ ❢ ✑ ☞ ✗ ❡ ■ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✘ ✑ ✜ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✡
✍ ✗ ✡ ✍ ✕ ❜ ✖ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✑ ✕ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✔ ➎ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✘
❢ ✑ ☞ ✗ ❡
➏
✗ ☞ ✑ ✦ ✌ ✙ ☛ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✌ ✘ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✏ ☛ ✗ ❜ ✎ ✏ ✡
✏ ✡ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✕ ✕ ✌ ☞ ✘ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✚ ✌ ☞ ✚ ☞ ✗ ✙ ✌ ✕ ✕ ✗ ✎ ✓ ✑ ☞ ✗ ✔ ➎ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✡ ✖
✜ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✕ ✕ ✏ ✎ ✘ ☞ ✗ ✍ ❛ ✑ ✎ ✘ ✎ ❜ ☞ ✡ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✚ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✘ ✡ ✗ ✡ ✑ ✎
✑ ✦ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✡ ✛ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✎ ❡ ■ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✑ ✕ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✒
✌ ✍ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✡ ✛ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✓ ✑
➏
✏ ☞ ✘ ✎
➐
✌ ✜ ✒ ✙ ❜ ✘ ✎ ✔ ✑ ❢ ✑ ☞ ✗ ❡ ■ ✚ ✏ ✎
✏ ✘ ✏ ✡ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✙ ❜ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✡ ❜ ✑ ✎ ✗ ✙ ✗ ♠ ✑ ✜ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✌
❜ ✡ ✏ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✙ ♠ ✑ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✎ t ❡
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✾ ✆
▼ ✝ ✞ ❡ ✝ ✟ ✠ ❡ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✝ ✌ ❡ ✍ ❡ ✞ ☛ ✌ ❡ ✱ ✝ ✡ ✝ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✝ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✑ ✠ ☞ ❡
✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
✒
✠ ✝
✓
❡
✔ ✕
✡ ✌
✕
✠ ☞
✖ ✗
✡ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✠
❢
✏
✒
❡ ☛
✕
✟ ✌ ❡ ✎ ✡ ✝ ✌
✠ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✏ ✡ ✝
✓ t
❡
❢
✠
✕ ✒ ✘
✡ ✏
❢ ❢
❡ ✑ ❡ ✞ ✏ ✠ ❡ ✱
✙ ✕ ✖
❡
✖ ✕
✠
✕ ✒
❡
✕
✠ ☞ ❡ ✞
✏ ✠ ✞ ❡
✒
✠ ✝ ✞
✕
✡
✘
✡
✕
✟ ✝ ✞ ❛ ✑
✕
✡ ❡ ✏ ✞ ❛ ✝ ✠
✕
✝ ✡ ✚ ☛ ✌ ❡
❢
✏ ✡
✕
✡ ✟ ❡ ✞
✟ ✞ ✝ ❛ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✟
✕
✞
✒
✠ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✡ ❡ ✠ ❡ ✛ ✠ ❡ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡ ✝ ✡
✠ ☞ ❡ ✝
✓ t
❡
❢
✠ ❛
✘ ✒
✠
✓
❡ ✜ ❡ ✞ ✝
✖
✢ ✞ ✏ ✍
✕
✠ ✣
✕ ✒
❡ ✍ ❡ ✞ ✣ ✌ ☞ ❡ ✞ ❡
✖
❋
✝ ✞ ✠ ❡ ✞ ✞ ❡
✒
✠ ✞
✕
✏ ✑
✤
☞ ❡ ✡ ✝ ❛ ❡ ✡ ✏ ☛
✕
✡
✤
✏ ✞ ✠
✕ ❢ ✘
✑ ✏ ✞ ☛ ❡ ✍ ❡ ✞ ✣
✝
✓ t
❡
❢
✠ ❡ ✛
✤
❡ ✞
✕
❡ ✡
❢
❡
✒ ✔
✞ ✏ ✍
✕
✠ ✏ ✠
✕
✝ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡ ✱
✘
❡ ✠ ✝ ✠ ☞ ❡
❡ ✏ ✞ ✠ ☞
✖
✥ ✑
✒
✝ ✝
✓ t
❡
❢
✠
✒ ✕
✡ ❛ ✝ ✠
✕
✝ ✡
✔
❡ ✡ ❡ ✞ ✏ ✑ ✑ ✣ ❡ ✛
✤
❡ ✞
✕
❡ ✡
❢
❡
✟ ✞
✕ ❢
✠
✕
✝ ✡ ☛ ✍
✕ ✒ ❢
✝
✘ ✒
✱ ✞ ✏
✔
☛ ❡ ✠
❢ ✖ ✗
✟ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✡ ☛ ✝ ✡ ❡ ✏ ✞ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✏ ✡
✝
✓ t
❡
❢
✠
✕ ✒
✏ ✠ ✞ ❡
✒
✠ ✝ ✞
✕
✡
✘
✡
✕
✟ ✝ ✞ ❛ ✑
✕
✡ ❡ ✏ ✞ ❛ ✝ ✠
✕
✝ ✡ ☛
✕
✠
✕ ✒
✡ ✝ ✠
✓
❡
❢
✏
✘ ✒
❡ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✞ ❡ ✏ ✞ ❡ ✡ ✝ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
✒
✏
❢
✠
✕
✡
✔
✝ ✡
✕
✠ ☛
✓ ✘
✠
✓
❡
❢
✏
✘ ✒
❡ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✍ ✏ ✞
✕
✝
✘ ✒
❡ ✛ ✠ ❡ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
✒ ❢
✏ ✡
❢
❡ ✑ ✝
✘
✠
✕ ✖
❡
✖
✏ ✱ ✱
✘ ✤
✠ ✝ ✜ ❡ ✞ ✝ ✡ ❡ ✠ ❡ ✛ ✠ ❡ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
✖
❈
✝ ✡
✒ ✕
✱ ❡ ✞ ✏
✓
✝ ✝ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✞ ❡
✒
✠ ✝ ✡ ✏ ☞ ✝ ✞
✕
✜ ✝ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✑
✒ ✘
✞ ✟ ✏
❢
❡
❋ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✙ ✦ ✖ ✧ ✙
✏ ✚ ✚
✖ ✗
✠
✕ ✒ ✒ ✘ ✓ t
❡
❢
✠ ✠ ✝ ✠ ✌ ✝ ❡ ✛ ✠ ❡ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
✒ ★
✠ ☞ ❡ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡ ✱
✘
❡ ✠ ✝
✔
✞ ✏ ✍
✕
✠ ✣
✙ ✕ ✖
❡
✖ ✕
✠
✒
✌ ❡
✕ ✔
☞ ✠
❲
✚ ✏
❢
✠
✕
✡
✔
✱ ✝ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✞ ✱ ✏ ✡ ✱ ✠ ☞ ❡
✘ ✤
✌ ✏ ✞ ✱ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡ ✝ ✡ ✠ ☞ ❡
✓
✝ ✝ ✎
✓
✣
✠ ☞ ❡ ✠ ✏
✓
✑ ❡ ☛ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✡ ✝ ✞ ❛ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
❘ ✖ ❘ ✕ ✒
✏
✒
❡ ✑ ✟
✩
✏ ✱
t ✘ ✒
✠
✕
✡
✔
✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
✖ ✪
☞
✕ ✒ ✕ ✒
✏ ✡ ❡ ✛ ✏ ❛
✤
✑ ❡ ✝ ✟ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✎
✕
✡ ✱ ✝ ✟
✒ ✕
✠
✘
✏ ✠
✕
✝ ✡
❛ ❡ ✡ ✠
✕
✝ ✡ ❡ ✱ ✏
✓
✝ ✍ ❡
✖ ✪
☞ ❡ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
✒
✏ ✞ ❡ ✡ ✝ ✠
♠ ✘ ✕
✠ ❡ ✎ ✡ ✝ ✌ ✡
✟
✘
✑ ✑ ✣
✓ ✘
✠ ✠ ☞ ❡
✒
✠ ✏ ✠ ❡ ✝ ✟ ❛ ✝ ✠
✕
✝ ✡
✕ ✒
✎ ✡ ✝ ✌ ✡
✖ ✫
❡ ✝
✓ ✒
❡ ✞ ✍ ❡
✠ ☞ ❡
✓
✝ ✝ ✎ ✠ ✝
✓
❡ ✏ ✠ ✞ ❡
✒
✠
✖ ✪
☞ ❡ ✞ ❡ ✟ ✝ ✞ ❡ ☛ ✌ ❡
❢
✝ ✡
❢
✑
✘
✱ ❡
✟ ✞ ✝ ❛ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✟
✕
✞
✒
✠ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✠ ☞ ❡ ❛ ✏
✔
✡
✕
✠
✘
✱ ❡ ✝ ✟
❘
❡
♠ ✘
✏ ✑
✒
✠ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✝ ✟
❲ ✖
✥
✒
✠ ✏ ✠ ❡ ❛ ❡ ✡ ✠ ✝ ✟ ✠ ❡ ✡ ❡ ✡
❢
✝
✘
✡ ✠ ❡ ✞ ❡ ✱
✕ ✒ ★
➇ ✬ ✕
✡
❢
❡
❲ ✭ ❘
☛ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
✒ ❢
✏ ✡
❢
❡ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✱ ☛ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✞ ❡ ✟ ✝ ✞ ❡ ☛ ✠ ☞ ❡
✓
✝ ✝ ✎
✕ ✒
✏ ✠ ✞ ❡
✒
✠
✐ ✖ ✪
☞
✕ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✕
✡
❢
✝ ✞ ✞ ❡
❢
✠ ✞ ❡ ✏
✒
✝ ✡
✕
✡
✔ ✖ ✪
☞ ❡
❢
✝ ✞ ✞ ❡
❢
✠
✒
✠ ✏ ✠ ❡ ❛ ❡ ✡ ✠
✕ ✒ ★ ➇ ✬ ✕
✡
❢
❡ ✠ ☞ ❡
✓
✝ ✝ ✎
✕ ✒
✝
✓ ✒
❡ ✞ ✍ ❡ ✱ ✠ ✝
✓
❡ ✏ ✠
✞ ❡
✒
✠ ☛ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✡ ❡ ✠ ❡ ✛ ✠ ❡ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡ ✝ ✡
✕
✠ ❛
✘ ✒
✠
✓
❡ ✜ ❡ ✞ ✝ ☛
✏
❢ ❢
✝ ✞ ✱
✕
✡
✔
✠ ✝ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✟
✕
✞
✒
✠ ✑ ✏ ✌
✖ ✪
☞
✕ ✒ ✕
❛
✤
✑
✕
❡
✒
✠ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✠ ☞ ❡
● ✮ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✲ ✳ ● ✮ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✲ ✰ ✴ ✵ ✳ ✶ ✷ ✰ ✷ ✸ ✰ ✹ ✮ ✴ ✺ ✻ ✮ ✯ ✼ ✰ ✷ ✽ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❂ ✮ ✹ ✮ ❃ ✲ ✼ ❄ ✰ ❅ ❆ ✶ ✲ ✰ ✷ ✻ ❇ ✲ ✹ ❉ ✰ ✲ ✷ ✻ ✰ ❄ ✰ ❉ ✶ ✲ ❊ ✳ ✯ ❆✻ ✰ ✳ ✷
✰ ✷ ❍ ❆ ✶ ✳ ■ ✲ ✮ ✵ ✳ ❆✻ ❄ ✳ ❆ ✶ ❉ ✲ ✷ ✻ ❆ ✶ ✰ ✲ ✹ ✮ ❅✳ ❏ ● ✮ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✲ ✳ ■ ✶ ✳ ■ ✳ ✹ ✲ ❑ ✻ ❇ ✲ ❉ ✳ ✷ ❉ ✲ ■ ✻ ✳ ❄ ✮ ❉ ❉ ✲ ✯ ✲ ✶ ✮ ✻ ✰ ✳ ✷ ❏
▲
✶ ✳
◆
✲
❖
■ ✲ ✶ ✰
◆
✲ ✷ ✻ ✹ ✳ ✷
◆
✳ ✻ ✰ ✳ ✷ ✳ ❄ ✵ ✳ ❑ ✰ ✲ ✹ ✳ ✷ ✰ ✷ ❉ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✲ ❑ ■ ✯ ✮ ✷ ✲ ✹ ✳ ✶ ❄ ✮ ✯ ✯ ✰ ✷ ❅ ❄ ✶ ✲ ✲ ✯ ✼✴ ❇ ✲
❉ ✳ ✷ ✻ ✶ ✮ ❑ ✰ ❉ ✻ ✲ ❑ ✻ ❇ ✲
❝
✶ ✰ ✹ ✻ ✳ ✻ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✮ ✷ ✷ ✳ ✻ ✰ ✳ ✷ ✻ ❇ ✮ ✻ ✮ ❄ ✳ ✶ ❉ ✲ ❂ ✮ ✹ ✶ ✲
◗
❆✰ ✶ ✲ ❑ ✻ ✳ ❃ ✲ ✲ ■ ✮ ✵ ✳ ❑ ✼ ✰ ✷
◆
✳ ✻ ✰ ✳ ✷ ✴ ✮ ✷ ❑ ✻ ❇ ✮ ✻ ❇ ✲ ✮ ❊ ✰ ✲ ✶ ✵ ✳ ❑ ✰ ✲ ✹ ❄ ✮ ✯ ✯ ❄ ✮ ✹ ✻ ✲ ✶ ✻ ❇ ✮ ✷ ✯ ✰ ❅ ❇ ✻ ✲ ✶ ✵ ✳ ❑ ✰ ✲ ✹ ❆ ✷ ❑ ✲ ✶ ❅✶ ✮ ❊ ✰ ✻ ✼❏ ❙ ✲
✻ ❇ ❆ ✹ ✮ ✶ ✶ ✰ ❊ ✲ ❑ ✮ ✻ ✻ ❇ ✲ ✯ ✮ ❂ ✳ ❄ ✰ ✷ ✲ ✶ ✻ ✰ ✮ ✻ ❇ ✮ ✻ ❂ ✮ ✹ ✻ ❇ ✲ ✹ ✻ ✮ ✶ ✻ ✰ ✷ ❅ ■ ✳ ✰ ✷ ✻ ✳ ❄ ✻ ❇ ✲ ✹ ❆ ✵ ✹ ✲
◗
❆ ✲ ✷ ✻
✲ ■ ✳ ❉ ❇ ✮ ✯ ❂ ✳ ✶ ❃ ✳ ❄ ✺✹ ✮ ✮ ❉
❚
✲ ❂ ✻ ✳ ✷ ❏
● ✮ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✲ ✳ ❯ ✹ ❑ ✰ ✹ ❉ ✳ ❊ ✲ ✶ ✰ ✲ ✹ ✰ ✷ ✮ ✹ ✻ ✶ ✳ ✷ ✳
◆
✼ ❂ ✲ ✶ ✲ ✲
◗
❆✮ ✯ ✯ ✼ ✶ ✲ ❊ ✳ ✯ ❆ ✻ ✰ ✳ ✷ ✮ ✶ ✼ ❏ ✺ ✷ ✽ ❀ ❱ ❳ ✴ ❇ ✲ ❑ ✲ ✹ ✰ ❅✷ ✲ ❑
❇ ✰ ✹ ✳ ❂ ✷ ✻ ✲ ✯ ✲ ✹ ❉ ✳ ■ ✲ ❤ ✰ ✷ ❊ ✲ ✷ ✻ ✲ ❑ ✲ ✮ ✶ ✯ ✰ ✲ ✶ ✰ ✷ ❙ ✳ ✯ ✯ ✮ ✷ ❑ ❨ ✮ ✷ ❑ ❆✹ ✲ ❑ ✰ ✻ ✻ ✳
◆
✮ ❃ ✲ ✮ ✷ ❆
◆
✵ ✲ ✶ ✳ ❄
✹ ✻ ✮ ✶ ✻ ✯ ✰ ✷ ❅ ✳ ✵ ✹ ✲ ✶ ❊ ✮ ✻ ✰ ✳ ✷ ✹
s ◆
✳ ❆ ✷ ✻ ✮ ✰ ✷ ✹ ✮ ✷ ❑ ❑ ✲ ■ ✶ ✲ ✹ ✹ ✰ ✳ ✷ ✹ ✳ ✷ ✻ ❇ ✲ ✹ ❆ ✶ ❄ ✮ ❉ ✲ ✳ ❄ ✻ ❇ ✲
◆
✳ ✳ ✷
❩
❑ ✮ ✶ ❃ ✹ ■ ✳ ✻ ✹ ✳ ✷ ✻ ❇ ✲ ✹ ❆ ✷
❩
✻ ❇ ✲
◆
✳ ✳ ✷ ✹ ✳ ❄ ❞ ❆ ■ ✰ ✻ ✲ ✶ ✮ ✷ ❑ ✻ ❇ ✲ ■ ❇ ✮ ✹ ✲ ✹ ✳ ❄ ❬ ✲ ✷ ❆✹ ❏ ❙ ✲ ❉ ✳ ✷ ❉ ✯ ❆❑ ✲ ❑
✻ ❇ ✮ ✻ ✻ ❇ ✲ ❭ ✰ ✯ ❃ ✼ ❪ ✮ ✼ ❑ ✲ ✶ ✰ ❊ ✲ ❑ ✰ ✻ ✹ ✯ ❆
◆
✰ ✷ ✳ ✹ ✰ ✻ ✼ ✵ ✲ ❉ ✮ ❆ ✹ ✲ ✳ ❄ ✮ ✯ ✮ ✶ ❅✲ ✷ ❆
◆
✵ ✲ ✶ ✳ ❄ ✹ ✻ ✮ ✶ ✹ ✷ ✳ ✻ ❊ ✰ ✹ ✰ ✵ ✯ ✲ ✻ ✳ ✻ ❇ ✲ ✷ ✮ ❃ ✲ ❑ ✲ ✼✲ ❏
✺ ✷ ❇ ✰ ✹
◆
✮ ✹ ✻ ✲ ✶ ■ ✰ ✲ ❉ ✲ ✳ ❄ ✹ ❉ ✰ ✲ ✷ ✻ ✰ ❄ ✰ ❉ ✶ ✲ ✮ ✹ ✳ ✷ ✰ ✷ ❅
s ❫
✰ ✮ ✯ ✳ ❅ ❆ ✲ ✳ ✷ ✻ ❇ ✲
❴
❂ ✳
❵
❇ ✰ ✲ ❄ ❪ ✳ ✶ ✯ ❑
♦
✼✹ ✻ ✲
◆
✹ ✴ ● ✮ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✲ ✳ ✮ ❑ ❊ ✳ ❉ ✮ ✻ ✲ ❑
✻ ❇ ✲ ❇ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✳ ❉ ✲ ✷ ✻ ✶ ✰ ❉ ✻ ❇ ✲ ✳ ✶ ✼ ✳ ❄ ✻ ❇ ✲ ✹ ✳ ✯ ✮ ✶ ✹ ✼✹ ✻ ✲
◆
■ ✶ ✳ ■ ✳ ✹ ✲ ❑ ✵ ✼
❵
✳ ■ ✲ ✶ ✷ ✰ ❉ ❆ ✹ ✴ ❂ ❇ ✰ ❉ ❇ ✲ ❊ ✲ ✷ ✻ ❆ ✮ ✯ ✯ ✼ ❅✳ ✻ ❆ ✷ ✰ ❊ ✲ ✶ ✹ ✮ ✯
✮ ❉ ❉ ✲ ■ ✻ ✮ ✷ ❉ ✲ ❏
❪ ✰ ✻ ❇ ● ✮ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✲ ✳ ❉ ✮
◆
✲ ✮ ✻ ❆ ✶ ✷ ✰ ✷ ❅ ■ ✳ ✰ ✷ ✻ ✰ ✷ ✻ ❇ ✲ ❊ ✲ ✶ ✼
◆
✲ ✻ ❇ ✳ ❑ ✳ ❄ ✹ ❉ ✰ ✲ ✷ ✻ ✰ ❄ ✰ ❉ ✰ ✷
◗
❆✰ ✶ ✼❏
♦
❉ ✰ ✲ ✷ ❉ ✲ ❂ ✮ ✹ ✷ ✳ ✯ ✳ ✷ ❅✲ ✶
◆
✲ ✶ ✲ ✯ ✼ ✳ ✵ ✹ ✲ ✶ ❊ ✮ ✻ ✰ ✳ ✷ ✹ ✳ ❄ ✷ ✮ ✻ ❆ ✶ ✲ ✮ ✷ ❑ ✰ ✷ ❄ ✲ ✶ ✲ ✷ ❉ ✲ ✹ ❄ ✶ ✳
◆
✻ ❇ ✲
◆
❏
♦
❉ ✰ ✲ ✷ ❉ ✲
◆
✲ ✮ ✷ ✻ ❑ ✲ ❊ ✰ ✹ ✰ ✷ ❅ ✮ ✷ ❑ ❑ ✳ ✰ ✷ ❅ ✲
❖
■ ✲ ✶ ✰
◆
✲ ✷ ✻ ✹
✻ ✳ ❊ ✲ ✶ ✰ ❄ ✼ ✳ ✶ ✶ ✲ ❄ ❆✻ ✲ ✻ ❇ ✲ ✳ ✶ ✰ ✲ ✹ ❏
♦
❉ ✰ ✲ ✷ ❉ ✲
◆
✲ ✮ ✷ ✻
◆
✲ ✮ ✹ ❆ ✶ ✲
◆
✲ ✷ ✻ ✳ ❄
◗
❆ ✮ ✷ ✻ ✰ ✻ ✰ ✲ ✹ ✮ ✷ ❑ ✮ ✹ ✲ ✮ ✶ ❉ ❇ ❄ ✳ ✶
◆
✮ ✻ ❇ ✲
◆
✮ ✻ ✰ ❉ ✮ ✯
✶ ✲ ✯ ✮ ✻ ✰ ✳ ✷ ✹ ✵ ✲ ✻ ❂ ✲ ✲ ✷ ✻ ❇ ✲
◆
❏
❚
✳ ✻ ❆ ✷ ❑ ✲ ✹ ✲ ✶ ❊ ✲ ❑ ✯ ✼✴
◆
✮ ✷ ✼ ✶ ✲ ❅✮ ✶ ❑ ● ✮ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✲ ✳ ✮ ✹ ✻ ❇ ✲ ❄ ✮ ✻ ❇ ✲ ✶ ✳ ❄
◆
✳ ❑ ✲ ✶ ✷ ✹ ❉ ✰ ✲ ✷ ❉ ✲ ❏
✡ ✝ ✞ ❛ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
❘
❛
✘ ✒
✠
✓
❡ ❡
♠ ✘
✏ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✱ ✝
✤ ✤
✝
✒ ✕
✠ ❡ ✠ ✝ ✠ ☞ ❡
✌ ❡
✕ ✔
☞ ✠
❲ ❜ ✖
❣ ❥ ❦ ❧ ♥ ❧ ♣ ❤ ✮ ❨ q r ✉ ✉ ✈ q ✇ ① ② ③ ✇ ✉④ ✇ ⑤ ② ✇ q r ⑥ ② ⑦ q ④ ⑧ ❤ ✵ ❨ q ⑨ q ①
⑩
✉
❶❷
④
❸ ❹❷
✇ ⑤
❺
④
❷ ❻
✉ ①
⑩ ❶
② ⑥ ✉ ⑨
❷
✇
❼ ❽ ❾
⑤ ② ④ ②✇
❻
✉ ① ⑨ ②
❷
③
❿
②① ✉
❷
④ ② q ⑨ ⑤ ⑨ q ③ ②
❽
❈
✝ ✡
✒ ✕
✱ ❡ ✞ ✠ ☞ ❡ ❛ ✝ ✠
✕
✝ ✡ ✝ ✟ ✏
❢
✏ ✞
✒
✠ ✏ ✞ ✠
✕
✡
✔
✟ ✞ ✝ ❛
✞ ❡
✒
✠ ☛
✤ ✕ ❢
✎
✕
✡
✔ ✘ ✤ ✒ ✤
❡ ❡ ✱ ✏ ✡ ✱ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✡ ❛ ✝ ✍
✕
✡
✔
✝ ✡ ✏
✒
❛ ✝ ✝ ✠ ☞
✒
✠ ✞ ✏
✕ ✔
☞ ✠ ✞ ✝ ✏ ✱ ✌
✕
✠ ☞
✘
✡
✕
✟ ✝ ✞ ❛
✒ ✤
❡ ❡ ✱
✙ ❋ ✕ ✔ ✖
✙ ✦ ✖ ✧ ✙ ✓
✚ ✚
✖ ✫
☞ ❡ ✡ ✠ ☞ ❡
❢
✏ ✞
✕ ✒ ✒
✠ ✏ ✠
✕
✝ ✡ ✏ ✞ ✣ ☛ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✞ ❡
✕ ✒
✡ ✝
✡ ❡ ✠ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡ ✏
❢
✠
✕
✡
✔
✝ ✡
✕
✠
✖
➀
✘
✞
✕
✡
✔ ✤ ✕ ❢
✎
✩ ✘ ✤
☛
✕
✠
✏
❢ ❢
❡ ✑ ❡ ✞ ✏ ✠ ❡
✒ ✖ ✪
☞
✕ ✒
❛
✘ ✒
✠ ☞ ✏
✤ ✤
❡ ✡ ✱
✘
❡ ✠ ✝ ✏ ✡ ❡ ✠
❡ ✛ ✠ ❡ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
✖
➁ ✝ ✠ ❡ ☛
✕
✠ ☞ ✏
✒
✠ ✝
✓
❡ ✏ ✡ ❡ ✛ ✠ ❡ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
✖
✪
☞ ❡ ✏
❢ ❢
❡ ✑ ❡ ✞ ✏ ✠
✕
✝ ✡ ✝ ✟ ✠ ☞ ❡
❢
✏ ✞
❢
✏ ✡ ✡ ✝ ✠
✓
❡ ✏
❢ ❢
✝
✘
✡ ✠ ❡ ✱
✟ ✝ ✞
✓
✣ ✏ ✡ ✣
✕
✡ ✠ ❡ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
✖ ✪
☞
✕ ✒
❛
✕ ✔
☞ ✠
✒
✝
✘
✡ ✱
✒ ✘
✞
✤
✞
✕ ✒ ✕
✡
✔
☛
✓ ✘
✠
✕
✠
✕ ✒
✠ ✞
✘
❡
✖ ✪
☞ ❡ ✝ ✡ ✑ ✣
❢
✝ ✡
❢
❡
✕
✍ ✏
✓
✑ ❡
❡ ✛ ✠ ❡ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡ ✏ ✑ ✝ ✡
✔
✠ ☞ ❡ ✞ ✝ ✏ ✱
✕ ✒
✠ ☞ ❡ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡ ✝ ✟
✟ ✞
✕ ❢
✠
✕
✝ ✡
✖ ✗
✠
✕ ✒
✠ ☞ ❡ ✟ ✞
✕ ❢
✠
✕
✝ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✏
❢ ❢
❡ ✑ ❡ ✞ ✏ ✠ ❡
✒
✠ ☞ ❡
❢
✏ ✞ ✏
✒
✏ ✌ ☞ ✝ ✑ ❡
✖ ✙
➂ ✝
✘
✌
✕
✑ ✑ ✑ ❡ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✏
✓
✝
✘
✠ ✟ ✞
✕ ❢
✠
✕
✝ ✡
✕
✡
✒
❡
❢
✠
✕
✝ ✡
✦ ✖
➃ ✚
✖ ✫
☞ ❡ ✡ ✠ ☞ ❡
❢
✏ ✞ ❛ ✝ ✍ ❡
✒
✌
✕
✠ ☞
❢
✝ ✡
✒
✠ ✏ ✡ ✠ ✍ ❡ ✑ ✝
❢ ✕
✠ ✣ ☛ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✞ ❡
✕ ✒
✡ ✝ ✡ ❡ ✠ ❡ ✛ ✠ ❡ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✞
❢
❡
✖
➄ ➅➆ ❥ ➆ ➈ ➉ ➄ ➅➆ ❥ ➆ ➈ ❥ ➊ ➋♥➌➍ ➎ ➋➌➍♣➏
▲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟ ✾ ✠
✡
■ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✌ ✓ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✌
✎ ✖ ✖ ✌ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ✚
▼ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✜
✦ ✕ ✧ ✌ ✒ ☛ ★ ✧ ✩ P ✕ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ❛ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✔ ❛ ✒ ✌ ✘ ☛ ✕ ✗ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✌
♣ ☞ ✕ ✘ ★ ✖ ☛ ✕ ✔ ❛ ☛ ✏ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✏ ♠ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✪ ✌ ✍ ✕ ✖ ❛ ☛ ✙ ✈ ✩ ✎ ✒ ✘ ❛ ✏
✘ ✌ ✒ ✕ ☛ ✌ ✘ ✗ ✙
✫ ✿
✫
❂ ♠ ✈ ✭ ✬ ✚ ✮ ✯
✦ ✕ ✧ ✌ ✒ ☛ ★ ✧ ❛ ✏ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✙ ✎ ✪ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✕ ☞ ✰ ★ ✎ ✒ ☛ ❛ ☛ ✙ ✚ ✱ ✑ ✌
✔ ✕ ✍ ✍ ✕ ❢ ❛ ✒ ✲ ✖ ✕ ✧ ✧ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✓ ♣ ✌ ☞ ❛ ✌ ✒ ✖ ✌ ✏ ❛ ✒ ✘ ❛ ✖ ✎ ☛ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✌
❛ ✧ ♣ ✕ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✖ ✌ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✑ ❛ ✏ ✰ ★ ✎ ✒ ☛ ❛ ☛ ✙ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✕ ✒ ✏ ❛ ✘ ✌ ☞ ❛ ✒ ✲ ☛ ✑ ✌
✌ ✔ ✔ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✕ ✒ ✧ ✕ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✚
• ❙
★ ♣ ♣ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✍ ❛ ✲ ✑ ☛
✳
❢ ✌ ❛ ✲ ✑ ☛ ✪ ✌ ✑ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✭ ✏ ✎ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✧ ✎ ✍ ✍
✖ ✎ ☞ ✯ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✪ ✙ ❢ ✌ ❛ ✲ ✑ ☛ ✪ ✌ ✑ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✭ ✏ ✎ ✙ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✘
☛ ☞ ★ ✖ t ✯ ✎ ☞ ✌ ♣ ✎ ☞ t ✌ ✘ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✕ ☞ ❛ ✴ ✕ ✒ ☛ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✚ ♦ ✌ ✎ ✍ ✍
t ✒ ✕ ❢ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✎ ✧ ★ ✖ ✑ ✲ ☞ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ❛ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✌ ✘ ✌ ✘ ☛ ✕
♣ ★ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☛ ☞ ★ ✖ t ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✖ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✕ ✗ ☞ ❛ ✒ ✲ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✧ ☛ ✕
☛ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✧ ✌ ✏ ♣ ✌ ✌ ✘ ❛ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✧ ✌ ☛ ❛ ✧ ✌ ✚
❙
❛ ✧ ❛ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✙ ✩ ✎
✲ ☞ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✕ ♣ ♣ ✕ ✏ ❛ ✒ ✲ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ❛ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✌ ✘ ✌ ✘ ☛ ✕ ✏ ☛ ✕ ♣ ✎
✑ ✌ ✎ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✍ ❛ ✲ ✑ ☛ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ❛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✧ ✌ ☛ ❛ ✧ ✌ ✩
❛ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✙ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✧ ✕ ✪ ❛ ✒ ✲ ❢ ❛ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✧ ✌ ✏ ♣ ✌ ✌ ✘ ✚
•
■ ✔ ☛ ❢ ✕ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✩ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✍ ❛ ✲ ✑ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✪ ✙ ✩
✎ ☞ ✌ ✘ ☞ ✕ ♣ ♣ ✌ ✘ ✔ ☞ ✕ ✧ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✕ ♣ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✗ ★ ❛ ✍ ✘ ❛ ✒ ✲ ✩ ✎
♣ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✕ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✲ ☞ ✕ ★ ✒ ✘ ❢ ❛ ✍ ✍ ✔ ❛ ✒ ✘ ❛ ☛ ✌ ✎ ✏ ❛ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✕ ✖ ✎ ☛ ✖ ✑
☛ ✑ ✌ ✍ ❛ ✲ ✑ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✪ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✚ ✱ ✑ ✌
✧ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ❛ ✏ ☛ ✑ ★ ✏ ✎ ✒ ❛ ✧ ♣ ✕ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✒ ☛
♣ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✧ ✌ ☛ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✘ ✌ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✧ ❛ ✒ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌
✕ ✒ ❛ ☛ ✏ ✧ ✕ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✚
• ❙
♣ ✌ ✌ ✘ ❛ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☞ ❛ ✧ ♣ ✕ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✒ ☛ ♣ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✧ ✌ ☛ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✕
✖ ✕ ✒ ✏ ❛ ✘ ✌ ☞ ✚ ✵ ✗ ★ ✍ ✍ ✌ ☛ ✔ ❛ ☞ ✌ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✎ ✲ ★ ✒ ✖ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✎ ✏ ❛ ✍ ✙
♣ ❛ ✌ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✑ ★ ✧ ✎ ✒ ☛ ❛ ✏ ✏ ★ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✌ ❛ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✕ ♣ ✏ ✩ ☞ ✌ ✏ ★ ✍ ☛ ❛ ✒ ✲
❛ ✒ ✖ ✎ ✏ ★ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✙ ✚ ✱ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✧ ✌ ✗ ★ ✍ ✍ ✌ ☛ ✔ ❛ ☞ ✌ ✘ ❢ ❛ ☛ ✑
✧ ✕ ✘ ✌ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✏ ♣ ✌ ✌ ✘ ❢ ❛ ✍ ✍ ✒ ✕ ☛ ✖ ✎ ★ ✏ ✌ ✧ ★ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✧ ✎ ✲ ✌ ✚
✱ ✑ ★ ✏ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✎ ✲ ❛ ✪ ✌ ✒ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✩ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✲ ☞ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✏ ♣ ✌ ✌ ✘ ✩
☛ ✑ ✌ ✲ ☞ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✌ ☞ ❛ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✕ ♣ ♣ ✕ ✏ ❛ ✒ ✲ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✌ ✘ ✌ ✘ ☛ ✕ ✏ ☛ ✕ ♣
☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ❛ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✎ ❛ ✒ ☛ ❛ ✧ ✌ ✚ ✱ ✎ t ✌ ✒ ☛ ✕ ✲ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✩
☛ ✑ ✌ ♣ ☞ ✕ ✘ ★ ✖ ☛ ✕ ✔ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✪ ✌ ✍ ✕ ✖ ❛ ☛ ✙ ✩ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✏
✧ ✕ ✧ ✌ ✒ ☛ ★ ✧ ✩ ❛ ✏ ✌ ✪ ❛ ✘ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✪ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✪ ✎ ☞ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✌
✕ ✔ ✧ ✕ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✚ ✱ ✑ ✌ ✲ ☞ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✖ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✲ ✌ ❛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌
✧ ✕ ✧ ✌ ✒ ☛ ★ ✧ ❛ ✒ ✎ ✲ ❛ ✪ ✌ ✒ ☛ ❛ ✧ ✌ ✩ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✲ ☞ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✌ ☞ ❛ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✌
✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✒ ✌ ✌ ✘ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✗ ✌ ✎ ♣ ♣ ✍ ❛ ✌ ✘ ✚
•
✵ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✘ ✖ ☞ ❛ ✖ t ✌ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✖ ✎ ☛ ✖ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✖ ☞ ❛ ✖ t ✌ ☛ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✍
✖ ✕ ✧ ❛ ✒ ✲ ❛ ✒ ❢ ❛ ☛ ✑ ✲ ☞ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✏ ♣ ✌ ✌ ✘ ✔ ✎ ☞ ✧ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✎ ✏ ❛ ✍ ✙
☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✕ ✪ ❛ ✖ ✌ ✩ ❢ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✒ ✑ ★ ☞ ☛ ✑ ❛ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✏ ❛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌
✎ ✖ ☛ ✚ ✶ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✒ ❛ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✖ ☞ ❛ ✖ t ✌ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✕ ❢ ✏ ✎
✍ ✕ ✒ ✲ ✌ ☞ ☛ ❛ ✧ ✌ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✑ ❛ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✏ ☛ ✕ ♣ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✚ ✵ ✏
✙ ✕ ★ ✧ ✎ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✪ ✌ ✒ ✕ ☛ ❛ ✖ ✌ ✘ ✩ ✑ ✌ ✘ ☞ ✎ ❢ ✏ ❛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✏
✗ ✎ ✖ t ❢ ✎ ☞ ✘ ❛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✖ ☛ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✎ ☛ ✖ ✑ ❛ ✒ ✲ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✭ ❜ ❛ ✲ ✚
✬ ✚ ✺ ✯ ✚ ✱ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✪ ❛ ✖ ✌ ✩ ✕ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✩ t ✌ ✌ ♣ ✏
✑ ❛ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✏ ✔ ❛ ✓ ✌ ✘ ✎ ✒ ✘ ☛ ☞ ❛ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✖ ✎ ☛ ✖ ✑ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✍
✎ ✍ ✧ ✕ ✏ ☛ ❛ ✒ ✏ ☛ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✚ ✷ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✌ ✘ ✏ ☛ ✕ ♣ ☞ ✕ ✪ ❛ ✘ ✌ ✎ ✧ ★ ✖ ✑
✲ ☞ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✕ ✏ ☛ ✕ ♣ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✍ ❛ ✒ ✏ ☛ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✩ ✎ ✒ ✘
✱ ✑ ✌ ♣ ☞ ✕ ♣ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✙ ✕ ✔ ❛ ✒ ✌ ☞ ☛ ❛ ✎ ✖ ✕ ✒ ☛ ✎ ❛ ✒ ✌ ✘ ❛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ❜ ❛ ☞ ✏ ☛
✍ ✎ ❢ ❛ ✏ ✌ ✪ ❛ ✘ ✌ ✒ ☛ ❛ ✒ ✧ ✎ ✒ ✙ ✏ ❛ ☛ ★ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✚
❙
★ ♣ ♣ ✕ ✏ ✌ ❢ ✌
✎ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✘ ❛ ✒ ✲ ❛ ✒ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✙ ✗ ★ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✘ ☞ ❛ ✪ ✌ ☞
✏ ☛ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ★ ✏ ✏ ★ ✘ ✘ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✙ ✚ ♦ ✌ ✲ ✌ ☛ ☛ ✑ ☞ ✕ ❢ ✒
✗ ✎ ✖ t ❢ ✎ ☞ ✘ ❢ ❛ ☛ ✑ ✎
✸
✌ ☞ t ✚ ♦ ✑ ✙
✹
✶ ★ ☞ ✔ ✌ ✌ ☛ ✎ ☞ ✌ ❛ ✒ ☛ ✕ ★ ✖ ✑
❢ ❛ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✕ ✕ ☞ ✚ ■ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✌ ❢ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✔ ☞ ❛ ✖ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✩ ❢ ✌ ❢ ✕ ★ ✍ ✘
☞ ✌ ✧ ✎ ❛ ✒ ❢ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✌ ❢ ✌ ❢ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✩ ❢ ✑ ❛ ✍ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✕ ✕ ☞ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ★ ✏
❢ ✕ ★ ✍ ✘ ✏ ❛ ✧ ♣ ✍ ✙ ✏ ✍ ❛ ♣ ✔ ✕ ☞ ❢ ✎ ☞ ✘ ★ ✒ ✘ ✌ ☞ ✕ ★ ☞ ✔ ✌ ✌ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✑ ✌
✗ ✎ ✖ t ✕ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ★ ✏ ❢ ✕ ★ ✍ ✘ ✑ ❛ ☛ ★ ✏ ✚ ✷ ✕ ❢ ✌ ✪ ✌ ☞ ✩
✔ ✕ ☞ ☛ ★ ✒ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✙ ✩ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✌ ❛ ✏ ✏ ✕ ✧ ✌ ✔ ☞ ❛ ✖ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✌ ☛ ❢ ✌ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌
✔ ✌ ✌ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✕ ✕ ☞ ✚ ■ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✎ ☞ ☛ ❛ ✏ ✒ ✕ ☛ ☛ ✕ ✕ ✏ ★ ✘ ✘ ✌ ✒ ✩
❛ ✚ ✌ ✚ ❛ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✖ ✖ ✌ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✧ ✕ ✘ ✌ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✩ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✔ ☞ ❛ ✖ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✍
✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ❢ ✕ ★ ✍ ✘ ✗ ✌ ✌ ✒ ✕ ★ ✲ ✑ ☛ ✕ ✎ ✖ ✖ ✌ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✕ ★ ☞ ✔ ✌ ✌ ☛
✎ ✍ ✕ ✒ ✲ ❢ ❛ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ★ ✏ ✚
✻
★ ☛ ✕ ★ ☞ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ❛ ✏ ✒ ✕ ☛ ✏ ☛ ☞ ❛ ✖ ☛ ✍ ✙
✎ ☞ ❛ ✲ ❛ ✘ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ✚ ■ ☛ ❛ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✧ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✌ ✩ ❛ ✚ ✌ ✚ ❛ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✕ ❢ ✏ ✏ ✕ ✧ ✌
☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✪ ✌ ✘ ❛ ✏ ♣ ✍ ✎ ✖ ✌ ✧ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✗ ✌ ☛ ❢ ✌ ✌ ✒ ✘ ❛ ✔ ✔ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✒ ☛ ♣ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✏ ✚
♦ ✑ ✎ ☛ ☛ ✑ ❛ ✏ ✧ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✏ ❛ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☛ ❢ ✑ ❛ ✍ ✌ ✕ ★ ☞ ✔ ✌ ✌ ☛ ✲ ✕ ❢ ❛ ☛ ✑
☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ★ ✏ ✩ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ☞ ✌ ✧ ✎ ❛ ✒ ✏ ❢ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✌ ❛ ☛ ❛ ✏
✘ ★ ✌ ☛ ✕ ❛ ✒ ✌ ☞ ☛ ❛ ✎ ✚
❞
✌ ✍ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✪ ✌ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ★ ✏ ✩ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✩ ❢ ✌
✎ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☞ ✕ ❢ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✖ t ❢ ✎ ☞ ✘ ✚ ✵ ✏ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✑ ✎ ♣ ♣ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✩
✑ ✕ ❢ ✌ ✪ ✌ ☞ ✩ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✧ ★ ✏ ✖ ★ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✏ ✕ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌
✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ✭ ✗ ✙ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✌ ✌ ☛ ✯ ✖ ✕ ✧ ✌ ❛ ✒ ☛ ✕ ♣ ✍ ✎ ✙ ☛ ✕ ✧ ✕ ✪ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙
✎ ✍ ✕ ✒ ✲ ❢ ❛ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ★ ✏ ✚ ✵ ✏ ❛ ✧ ❛ ✍ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✑ ❛ ✒ ✲ ✑ ✎ ♣ ♣ ✌ ✒ ✏
❢ ✑ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ★ ✏ ✏ ★ ✘ ✘ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✕ ♣ ✏ ✚ ✶ ★ ☞ ✔ ✌ ✌ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✕ ♣ ✘ ★ ✌
☛ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✔ ☞ ❛ ✖ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ❢ ✑ ❛ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✕ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✕ ❢ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✪ ✌
✧ ✕ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✌ ☛ ❢ ✌ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✌ ✌ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✕ ✕ ☞ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ★ ✏ ✚
✻
★ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✒ ☛ ❛ ✒ ★ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✧ ✕ ✪ ✌
✔ ✕ ☞ ❢ ✎ ☞ ✘ ✘ ★ ✌ ☛ ✕ ❛ ✒ ✌ ☞ ☛ ❛ ✎ ✚ ♦ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☞ ✕ ❢ ✒ ✔ ✕ ☞ ❢ ✎ ☞ ✘ ✚
✱ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✕ ☞ ❛ ✒ ✲ ✧ ★ ✏ ✖ ★ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✲ ✎ ❛ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✧ ✌ ❛ ✒ ☛ ✕
♣ ✍ ✎ ✙ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✗ ☞ ❛ ✒ ✲ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ☛ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✚
❊ ✼ ✽
✜
❀ ❁
✢
❃ ❄ ❅
✵ ✒ ✎ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✎ ★ ☛ ✎ ✖ ✖ ❛ ✘ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✙
✲ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✏ ✌ ♣ ✎ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✘ ✕ ★ ☛ ✕ ✔ ✑ ❛ ✏ ✏ ✧ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✏ ♣ ✎ ✖ ✌ ✏ ✑ ❛ ♣
✎ ✖ ✖ ✌ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✒ ✲ ❛ ✒ ❛ ✒ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✏ ♣ ✎ ✖ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✎
✖ ✕ ✒ ✏ ☛ ✎ ✒ ☛ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✮
❝ ❝
✧ ✏
❆ ❇
✚ ♦ ✑ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✌
✎ ✖ ✖ ✌ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✎ ★ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✌ ❛ ✒ ✏ ☛ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✌ ☞
✑ ✌ ❛ ✏ ✕ ★ ☛ ✏ ❛ ✘ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✏ ♣ ✎ ✖ ✌ ✏ ✑ ❛ ♣
✹
✭ ✵ ✏ ✏ ★ ✧ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☛
☛ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✗ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✎ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✌ ✓ ✌ ☞ ☛
✲ ☞ ✎ ✪ ❛ ☛ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✕ ✒ ✑ ❛ ✧ ✚ ✯
❈ ✣ ❉ ❋ ✢ ●
❙
❛ ✒ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✗ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✎ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✌ ✓ ✌ ☞ ☛
✲ ☞ ✎ ✪ ❛ ☛ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✕ ✒ ✑ ❛ ✧ ✎ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✧ ✎ ✍ ✍
✏ ♣ ✎ ✖ ✌ ✏ ✑ ❛ ♣ ✌ ✓ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✲ ✍ ❛ ✲ ❛ ✗ ✍ ✌ ✲ ☞ ✎ ✪ ❛ ☛ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✍
✎ ☛ ☛ ☞ ✎ ✖ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✑ ❛ ✧ ✩ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✎ ✖ ☛ ❛ ✒ ✲ ✕ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌
✎ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✎ ★ ☛ ✩ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✌ ✑ ✌ ❛ ✏ ✕ ★ ☛ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✏ ♣ ✎ ✖ ✌ ✏ ✑ ❛ ♣ ✩ ❛ ✏
✴ ✌ ☞ ✕ ✚
✻
✙ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✔ ❛ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✎ ❢ ✕ ✔ ✧ ✕ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✖ ✖ ✌ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒
✕ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✎ ★ ☛ ❛ ✏ ✴ ✌ ☞ ✕ ✚
❍
❏ ❑ ❏ ◆ ❖ ◗ ❘ ❚ ◆ ❯ ❱ ❱ ❖ ❲❚ ◆ ❳ ❨ ❩ ◗ ❚ ❬ ❭ ❚ ❘ ❪ ❚ ◆
✱ ✑ ✌ ✔ ❛ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✎ ❢ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✌ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✏ ❛ ✧ ♣ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✌ ❢ ✑ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌
✒ ✌ ☛ ✌ ✓ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ❛ ✏ ✴ ✌ ☞ ✕ ✚ ✱ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✖ ✕ ✒ ✘
✍ ✎ ❢ ✕ ✔ ✧ ✕ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✌ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✲ ✌ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✏ ❛ ☛ ★ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✒ ❢ ✑ ✌ ✒
☛ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✌ ❛ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✌ ✓ ☛ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✎ ✖ ☛ ❛ ✒ ✲ ✕ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ✚
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✾ ✆
t ✝ ✞ ✟ ✝ ✠ ✡ t ✟ ☛ ✥ ✝ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✟ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✞ ✟ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✍ t
✍ ✎ ✏ ♦ ✔ ☞ ✕ ☞ ✎ ✔ ✟ ✍ ✎ t ✝ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✎ t ✠ ✗ ✘
❜ ✠ t ✑ ✏ ✟ ✍ ✍ ✎ ✝ ✍ ✙ ✓ ✑ ✟ t t ✝ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✟ ❜ ✡ ✍ ✠ ✖ ✝ t
✑ ❜ ✍ ✠ t ☛ ✥ ✝ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✎ t ✠ ✗
❜ ✡ ✍ ✠ ✖ ✝ t ✑ ❜ ✍ ✠ t ✞ ✎ ✑ ✟ ✝ ✍ ✡ t ☞ ✡ t ✞ ✗ ☞ ✎ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✟ ✑
✖ ✡ ☞ ✑ t ☞ ✡ ✑ ✕ ✕ ✏ ✞ ☞ ✔ ✓ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ☛ ❣ ✎ ✟ ✝ ✍ ✡ t ✘ t ✝ ☞ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✑ t ☞ ✡ t ✝ ☞
✡ ✑ t ☞ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✎ t ✠ ✗ ✘ t ✝ ☞ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✑ t ☞ ✡ ✞ ✟
t ✝ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ☛
❋ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢✜✣ ✤ ✦✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✦✫ ✦ ✪ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✩✯ ✩✪ ✮ ✰ ✦ ✪ ✫ ✱ ✩ ★ ✱ ✲ ✪ ✳ ✩ ✴ ✪
♠
✦
♠
✩✪ ✫
✵ ♠ ✶ ✵
✫ ✲ ✬ ✰ ✦ ✦ ✪ ✱ ✦
✷ ✸
✲ ✰ ✫ ✫✱ ✩ ★ ✱ ✲ ✪ ✳ ✩
✴ ✰
✶
✧ ✦
✵
✳ ✱ ✫ ✲
✶
✦
✵
✫
✐ ✹
✰ ✩ ✲ ✰ ✦✪ ✩ ✮ ★ ✧ ✴ ★
✺
✩ ✫✩ ✧ ✮ ✧ ✲
✷
✰
✴ ✪ ✱ ✴ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✪ ✮ ✰ ✮
✵
✧ ✴ ✪ ✳ ✲ ★ ✲ ✫★ ✱ ✻ ✲ ✬ ✬ ✦
✷
✴ ✪ ✳ ✳ ✧ ✩✲ ✫✩ ✧
✫✴
♠
✩
✸
✦✧ ✫ ✱ ✩
✶
✲ ✬ ✬ ✫ ✦ ✰ ✫✦✯ ✲ ✪ ✮ ✱ ✩✪ ★ ✩ ✧ ✩
r ✵
✴ ✧ ✩✰ ✲
✰
♠
✲ ✬ ✬ ✩ ✧
✸
✦ ✧ ★ ✩
✐
• ••• ❖ ❜ ✟ ☞ ✡ ✼ ✑ t ✞ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✗ t ✝ ✑ t t ✝ ☞ ✕ ✡ ✍ ✔ ✠ ✌ t ✍ ✓
✗ ✑ ✟ ✟ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✼ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✞ t ♦ ✽ ✞ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✎ t ✠ ✗ ✿ ✞ ✟ ❜ ✑ ✟ ✞ ✌ t ✍
t ✝ ☞ ☞ ✓ ✓ ☞ ✌ t ✍ ✓ ✓ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✍ t ✞ ✍ ✎ ☛ ❀ ✠ ✕ ✕ ✍ ✟ ☞ ✑ ✓ ✞ ❁ ☞ ✔
✓ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✑ ✕ ✕ ✏ ✞ ☞ ✔ ✓ ✍ ✡ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✡ t ✑ ✞ ✎ ✞ ✎ t ☞ ✡ ✼ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✓ t ✞ ✗ ☞
✍ ✎ t ✙ ✍ ❜ ✍ ✔ ✞ ☞ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✞ ✓ ✓ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✎ t ✗ ✑ ✟ ✟ ☞ ✟ ✘ ✞ ✎ ✞ t ✞ ✑ ✏ ✏ ♦ ✑ t
✡ ☞ ✟ t ✘ t ✝ ☞ ✏ ✞ ✖ ✝ t ☞ ✡ ❜ ✍ ✔ ♦ ✕ ✞ ✌ ❂ ✟ ✠ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✑ t ☞ ✡ ✟ ✕ ☞ ☞ ✔
t ✝ ✑ ✎ t ✝ ☞ ✝ ☞ ✑ ✼ ✞ ☞ ✡ ❜ ✍ ✔ ♦ ☛ ❃ ✍ ✙ ☞ ✼ ☞ ✡ ✘ ✑ t t ✝ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✓
t ✝ ☞ t ✞ ✗ ☞ ✞ ✎ t ☞ ✡ ✼ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✍ ❜ ✟ ☞ ✡ ✼ ✑ t ✞ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✟ ✝ ✍ ✙ t ✝ ✑ t ☞ ✑ ✌ ✝
❜ ✍ ✔ ♦ ✑ ✌ ❄ ✠ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✟ t ✝ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✎ t ✠ ✗ ☛ ❚ ❅ ❆ ❇
❈❅ ❉ ❇ ❊ ● ❉ ❍ ■ ❏❑ ❉ ❍ ■ ❏ ❈ ❅ ❉ ❇ ❊ ● ❉ ❈▲ ● ❉ ❑ ❊ ❆ ❇ ❉ ❇
❈ ❅ ❉ ❇ ❊ ● ❉ ❑ ❅ ❊ ▼ ◆ ❉ ▲ ▼ ● ■ ● ❉ ▼ ❈ ❆ ● ❍ ■ ❏
❞ ▲ ❍ ❍ ❉ ❏ ❉ ▼ ❈ ◗ ■ ❞ ▲ ❉ ❇ ☛ ✥ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✞ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✠ ☞ t ✍ t ✝ ☞
✟ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✍ ✓ ✗ ✍ t ✞ ✍ ✎ ☛
•• ❣ ✎ t ✝ ☞ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✔ ✞ ✎ ✖ ✍ ❜ ✟ ☞ ✡ ✼ ✑ t ✞ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✘ t ✝ ☞ ✼ ☞ ✌ t ✍ ✡
✌ ✝ ✑ ✡ ✑ ✌ t ☞ ✡ ✍ ✓ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✎ t ✠ ✗ ✝ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✍ t ❜ ☞ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✼ ✞ ✔ ☞ ✎ t ☛
❣ ✎ t ✝ ☞ ☞ ❁ ✑ ✗ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✟ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✑ ✡ ✘ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✎ t ✠ ✗ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✖ ☞
✞ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✎ t ✠ ✗ ❜ ✍ t ✝ ✝ ✑ ✼ ☞ t ✝ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✔ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✌ t ✞ ✍ ✎ ☛
❘✠ t t ✝ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✎ ✍ t ✑ ✏ ✙ ✑ ♦ ✟ t ✝ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✟ ☞ ☛ ❀ ✠ ✕ ✕ ✍ ✟ ☞ ✑
✟ t ✍ ✎ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✡ ✍ t ✑ t ☞ ✔ ✙ ✞ t ✝ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✍ ✡ ✗ ✟ ✕ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✞ ✎ ✑
✝ ✍ ✡ ✞ ❤ ✍ ✎ t ✑ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✎ ☞ ❜ ♦ ✗ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✑ ✟ t ✡ ✞ ✎ ✖ ✘ t ✝ ☞
✗ ✑ ✖ ✎ ✞ t ✠ ✔ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✎ t ✠ ✗ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✞ ❁ ☞ ✔ ✘ ❜ ✠ t ✞ t ✟
✔ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✌ t ✞ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✟ ✽ ❙ ✞ ✖ ☛ ❯ ☛ ❱ ✿ ☛ ❲ ✓ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✎ ☞ ☞ ✔ ☞ ✔
t ✍ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✟ ☞ t ✝ ✞ ✟ ✌ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✎ t ✠ ✗ ✼ ☞ ✌ t ✍ ✡ ☛
✥ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✍ ✼ ✞ ✔ ☞ ✔ ❜ ♦ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✔ t ✝ ✡ ✍ ✠ ✖ ✝
t ✝ ☞ ✟ t ✡ ✞ ✎ ✖ ☛ ❳ ❁ ✕ ☞ ✡ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✌ ☞ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✖ ☞ ✟ t ✟ t ✝ ✑ t ✍ ✠ ✡ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✔
✎ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✟ t ✍ ☞ ❁ ☞ ✡ t ✑ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✑ t ☞ ✡ ✓ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✞ ✓ t ✝ ☞ ✟ t ✍ ✎ ☞ ✞ ✟
✡ ✍ t ✑ t ☞ ✔ ✑ t ✖ ✡ ☞ ✑ t ☞ ✡ ✟ ✕ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✞ ✡ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✓
✟ ✗ ✑ ✏ ✏ ☞ ✡ ✡ ✑ ✔ ✞ ✠ ✟ ✘ ✍ ✡ ❜ ✍ t ✝ ☛ ✥ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✡ ☞ ✟ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✟ t ✍
✖ ✡ ☞ ✑ t ☞ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✌ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✡ ✑ t ✞ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✡ ☞ ❄ ✠ ✞ ✼ ✑ ✏ ☞ ✎ t ✏ ♦ ✑ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✑ t ☞ ✡
✡ ✑ t ☞ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✎ t ✠ ✗ ✼ ☞ ✌ t ✍ ✡ ☛ ✥ ✝ ✞ ✟
✟ ✠ ✖ ✖ ☞ ✟ t ✟ t ✝ ✑ t t ✝ ☞ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✑ t ☞ ✡ t ✝ ☞ ✡ ✑ t ☞ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✖ ☞
✞ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✎ t ✠ ✗ ✼ ☞ ✌ t ✍ ✡ t ✝ ☞ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✑ t ☞ ✡ ✞ ✟ t ✝ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞
✑ ✕ ✕ ✏ ✞ ☞ ✔ ☛
❋ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢✜
❨
✤ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✴ ✰ ✪ ✩ ★ ✩✰ ✰ ✲ ✧ ✭
✸
✦✧ ★ ✱ ✲ ✪ ✳ ✴ ✪ ✳ ✫ ✱ ✩ ✮ ✴ ✧ ✩ ★ ✫✴ ✦ ✪
✦
✸ ♠
✦
♠
✩ ✪ ✫
✵ ♠
✻ ✩ ❩ ✩ ✪ ✴
✸
✴ ✫ ✰
♠
✲ ✳ ✪ ✴ ✫
✵
✮ ✩ ✴ ✰
★ ✦ ✪ ✰ ✫ ✲ ✪ ✫
✐ ❝
✩ ★ ✲ ✪
✸
✩✩✬ ✫✱ ✴ ✰
✷
✱ ✴ ✬ ✩ ✧ ✦✫ ✲ ✫ ✴ ✪ ✳ ✲
✰ ✫ ✦✪ ✩ ✴ ✪ ✲ ✱ ✦ ✧ ✴
❛
✦ ✪ ✫✲ ✬ ★ ✴ ✧ ★ ✬ ✩
✷
✴ ✫ ✱
✵
✪ ✴
✸
✦ ✧
♠
✰ ✯ ✩ ✩ ✮
✶
✭
♠
✩✲ ✪ ✰ ✦
✸
✲ ✰ ✫✧ ✴ ✪ ✳
✐
✥ ✝ ☞ ✟ ☞ ❄ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✞ t ✑ t ✞ ✼ ☞ ✍ ❜ ✟ ☞ ✡ ✼ ✑ t ✞ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✔ t ✍ t ✝ ☞
❬ ❉ ❑ ■ ▼ ❞ ❭ ❊ ❪ ■ ❍ ● ■ ❈▲ ■ ▼ ☞ ❁ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✟ ✟ ☞ ✔ ❜ ♦ ❫☞ ✙ t ✍ ✎ ✑ ✟
✓ ✍ ✏ ✏ ✍ ✙ ✟ ✒
❚ ❅ ❉ ❏ ❊ ❈ ❉ ■ ❍ ❑ ❅ ❊ ▼ ◆ ❉ ■ ❍ ● ■ ● ❉ ▼ ❈ ❆ ● ■ ❍ ❊ ◗ ■ ❞
❴
▲ ❇
❞ ▲ ❏❉ ❑ ❈ ❵
❴
❡ ❏ ■ ❡ ■ ❏ ❈▲ ■ ▼ ❊ ❵ ❈ ■ ❈ ❅ ❉ ❊ ❡ ❡ ❵ ▲ ❉ ❞ ❍ ■ ❏ ❑ ❉ ❊ ▼ ❞
❈❊ ❢ ❉ ❇ ❡ ❵ ❊ ❑ ❉ ▲ ▼ ❈ ❅ ❉ ❞ ▲ ❏❉ ❑ ❈ ▲ ■ ▼ ▲ ▼ ❪ ❅ ▲ ❑ ❅ ❈ ❅ ❉ ❍ ■ ❏❑ ❉
❊ ❑ ❈ ❇ ☛
✥ ✝ ✠ ✟ ✘ ✞ ✓ ✠ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✡ t ✝ ☞ ✑ ✌ t ✞ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞
❥
✓ ✍ ✡ t ✞ ✗ ☞
✞ ✎ t ☞ ✡ ✼ ✑ ✏
❦ ❧
✘ t ✝ ☞ ✼ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✞ t ♦ ✍ ✓ ✑ ❜ ✍ ✔ ♦ ✍ ✓ ✗ ✑ ✟ ✟
♥
✌ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✟ ✓ ✡ ✍ ✗
✈
t ✍
✈ ♣ ❦ ✈
✞ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✞ t ✟ ✞ ✎ ✞ t ✞ ✑ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✎ t ✠ ✗
q s
♥ ✈
✌ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✟ ❜ ♦
✉✇ ① ✇② ③
☛ ❲ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✔ ✞ ✎ ✖ t ✍ t ✝ ☞
❀ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✔ ④ ✑ ✙ ✘
⑤ ⑥ ⑦
⑧ ⑧
⑨ ⑨
⑩ ❶
⑨ ⑨
❷ ❷
❸ ❸
✙ ✝ ☞ ✡ ☞ ❹ ✞ ✟ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✟ t ✑ ✎ t ✍ ✓ ✕ ✡ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✡ t ✞ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✏ ✞ t ♦ ☛ ✥ ✑ ❂ ✞ ✎ ✖
t ✝ ☞ ✏ ✞ ✗ ✞ t
❦ ❧
❺ ❻ ✘ t ✝ ☞ t ☞ ✡ ✗
⑧ ⑨
⑨ ❷
❜ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✟ t ✝ ☞
✔ ☞ ✡ ✞ ✼ ✑ t ✞ ✼ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✔ ✞ ✓ ✓ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✎ t ✞ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✍
❼
☞ ✓ ✓ ✞ ✌ ✞ ☞ ✎ t ✍ ✓ ❡ ✙ ✞ t ✝
✡ ☞ ✟ ✕ ☞ ✌ t t ✍
❧
✘ ✔ ☞ ✎ ✍ t ☞ ✔ ❜ ♦
❽
❽ ⑧
❷
☛ ✥ ✝ ✠ ✟

▲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟ ✾ ✠
✡
❞
❞
❦
t
❂
♣
❋
✭ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍
✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✖ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✚ ✒ ✛ ✛ ♠ ✱
✜ ✮
❞ ❞ ❞
❞ ❞ ❞
✢ ✢ ✢
t t t
❂ ❂ ❂
♣
✣
✣
✈
✭ ☛ ☞
✥
✍
✗ ☞ ✙
✐ ✤
✙
✦
✙
✧
✏
★
✔
✩
✒
✪ ✧
✒
★
✒
✫
✛ ✏ ✓ ✙
✪
✑ ✗
✐ ✐
✙
★
✒ ✛
✬ ✯ ✰
♠
❛
✭ ☛ ☞
✲
✍
✪ ✤
✗
✧ ✤
✛
✤
✏
✪
✛
✐ ✤
✒
✐
✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙ ✗ ✛ ✇ ✑ ✏ ✇ ✏ ✑
✐
✗ ✏
★
✒
✫ ✐
✏
✐ ✤
✙
✇ ✑ ✏ ✔
✳ ✧ ✐
✏ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✛ ✛ ♠ ✒
★
✔ ✒
✧ ✧
✙
✫
✙ ✑ ✒
✐
✗ ✏
★ ❛
☞
❚ ✤
✙
✳ ★
✗
✐
✏ ✖ ✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙
✤
✒ ✛
★
✏
✐
✓ ✙ ✙
★
✔ ✙ ✖ ✗
★
✙ ✔ ✛ ✏ ✖ ✒ ✑ ☞
■ ★
✖ ✒
✧ ✐
✱
✪
✙
✳
✛ ✙
✴ ✵
☞ ✭ ☛ ☞
✲
✍
✐
✏ ✔ ✙ ✖ ✗
★
✙
✐ ✤
✙
✳ ★
✗
✐
✏ ✖ ✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙ ☞
❲ ✙ ✱
✐ ✤
✙ ✑ ✙ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✱
✤
✒ ❡ ✙
✐ ✤
✙
✫
✗ ✓ ✙ ✑
✐
✕
✐
✏
✧ ✤
✏ ✏ ✛ ✙ ✒
★
✕
✧
✏
★
✛
✐
✒
★ ✐
❡ ✒
✫ ✳
✙ ✖ ✏ ✑
✰
☞ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✛ ✗ ✚ ✇
✫
✗
✧
✗
✐
✕ ✱
✪
✙
✧ ✤
✏ ✏ ✛ ✙
✰ ✶ ✷
☞
❚ ✤
✙
✦
✙
✧
✏
★
✔
✩
✒
✪ ✐ ✤
✙
★
✗ ✛
✸
✹
✺ ✻
✼ ✽
✽
✿✿
✭ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✍
■ ★ ✦ ■ ✳ ★
✗
✐
✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙ ✗ ✛ ✏
★
✙
✐ ✤
✒
✐ ✧
✒
✳
✛ ✙ ✛ ✒
★
✒
✧ ✧
✙
✫
✙ ✑ ✒
✐
✗ ✏
★
✏ ✖
✷
✚ ✛
❀ ❁
✐
✏ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✛ ✛ ✏ ✖
✷
❃ ❄ ☞
❚ ✤
✗ ✛
✳ ★
✗
✐
✗ ✛ ❃
★
✏
✪ ★
✒ ✛
♥ ❅ ❆ ❇❈ ♥ ❉
✷
◆
✯ ✷
❃ ❄ ✚ ✛
❀ ❁
☞
✩
✙
✐ ✳
✛
★
✏
✐
✙ ✒
✐ ✐ ✤
✗ ✛ ✛
✐
✒ ❄ ✙ ✛ ✏ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✚ ✇ ✏ ✑
✐
✒
★ ✐
✇ ✏ ✗
★ ✐
✛
✒ ✓ ✏
✳ ✐ ✐ ✤
✙ ✛ ✙
✧
✏
★
✔
✫
✒
✪
❉
✷
☞
■ ★ ✐ ✤
✙ ✛ ✙
✧
✏
★
✔
✫
✒
✪
✱
✬ ✯
❊ ✗ ✚ ✇
✫
✗ ✙ ✛
❛ ✯
❊ ☞
❚ ✤
✙
✛ ✙
✧
✏
★
✔
✩
✒
✪
✗ ✛ ✏ ✓ ❡ ✗ ✏
✳
✛
✫
✕
✧
✏
★
✛ ✗ ✛
✐
✙
★ ✐ ✪
✗
✐ ✤ ✐ ✤
✙
✖ ✗ ✑ ✛
✐ ✫
✒
✪
☞
✌ ☞
❚ ✤
✙ ✛ ✙
✧
✏
★
✔
✫
✒
✪
✏ ✖ ✚ ✏
✐
✗ ✏
★
✗ ✛ ✒ ❡ ✙
✧ ✐
✏ ✑
✫
✒
✪
☞
■ ✐
✗ ✛
✙
✵ ✳
✗ ❡ ✒
✫
✙
★ ✐ ✐
✏
✐ ✤
✑ ✙ ✙ ✙
✵ ✳
✒
✐
✗ ✏
★
✛ ✱ ✏
★
✙ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✒
✧ ✤
✧
✏ ✚ ✇ ✏
★
✙
★ ✐
✏ ✖
✐ ✤
✙ ❡ ✙
✧ ✐
✏ ✑ ✛ ❉
●
❍
t
✢ ❏
①
①
①
❂ ❂
❞
❞
❑
▼
❖
P ◗
②
②
②
❘ ❘
❙
❙
③
③
③
❏✢
t
❍
●
❂❂
❞
❞
✭ ☛ ☞ ❯ ✍
❚ ✤
✗ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✒
★
✛
✐ ✤
✒
✐
✗ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙ ✗ ✛
★
✏
✐
✇ ✒ ✑ ✒
✫ ✫
✙
✫ ✐
✏
✐ ✤
✙ ❡ ✙
✫
✏
✧
✗
✐
✕ ✏ ✖
✐ ✤
✙ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✱ ✓
✳ ✐
✚ ✒ ❃ ✙ ✛ ✛ ✏ ✚ ✙ ✒
★
❄
✫
✙
✪
✗
✐ ✤
✗
✐
✱ ✗
✐ ✧ ✤
✒
★
❄ ✙ ✛ ✏
★ ✫
✕
✐ ✤
✙
✧
✏ ✚ ✇ ✏
★
✙
★ ✐
✏ ✖
❡ ✙
✫
✏
✧
✗
✐
✕ ✒
✫
✏
★
❄
✐ ✤
✙ ✔ ✗ ✑ ✙
✧ ✐
✗ ✏
★
✏ ✖ ✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙ ☞
❚ ✤
✙
✧
✏ ✚ ✇ ✏
★
✙
★ ✐
✏ ✖ ❡ ✙
✫
✏
✧
✗
✐
✕
★
✏ ✑ ✚ ✒
✫ ✐
✏
✐ ✤
✙ ✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙
✑ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✗
★
✛
✳ ★ ✧ ✤
✒
★
❄ ✙ ✔ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✇
✫
✙ ✱ ✗
★ ✐ ✤
✙
✚ ✏
✐
✗ ✏
★
✏ ✖ ✒ ✇ ✑ ✏
❱
✙
✧ ✐
✗
✫
✙
✳ ★
✔ ✙ ✑
✐ ✤
✙ ❡ ✙ ✑
✐
✗
✧
✒
✫
❄ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✗
✐
✒
✐
✗ ✏
★
✒
✫
✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙ ✱
✐ ✤
✙
✤
✏ ✑ ✗
❣
✏
★ ✐
✒
✫ ✧
✏ ✚ ✇ ✏
★
✙
★ ✐
✏ ✖ ❡ ✙
✫
✏
✧
✗
✐
✕ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✗
★
✛
✳ ★ ✧ ✤
✒
★
❄ ✙ ✔ ✭ ✎ ✗ ❄ ☞ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✍ ☞
✥
☞
❚ ✤
✙ ✛ ✙
✧
✏
★
✔
✫
✒
✪
✏ ✖ ✚ ✏
✐
✗ ✏
★
❄ ✗ ❡ ✙
★
✓ ✕
✴ ✵
☞ ✭ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✗ ✛
✒ ✇ ✇
✫
✗
✧
✒ ✓
✫
✙
✐
✏ ✒ ✛ ✗
★
❄
✫
✙ ✇ ✏ ✗
★ ✐
✇ ✒ ✑
✐
✗
✧ ✫
✙ ☞
❚ ✤
✙ ✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙
✬
✗
★ ✐ ✤
✙
✫
✒
✪
✛
✐
✒
★
✔ ✛ ✖ ✏ ✑
✐ ✤
✙
★
✙
✐
✙ ✘
✐
✙ ✑
★
✒
✫
✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙
✏
★ ✐ ✤
✙ ✇ ✒ ✑
✐
✗
✧ ✫
✙ ✒
★
✔
❛
✛
✐
✒
★
✔ ✛ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✒
✧ ✧
✙
✫
✙ ✑ ✒
✐
✗ ✏
★
✏ ✖
✐ ✤
✙ ✇ ✒ ✑
✐
✗
✧ ✫
✙ ☞
■ ✐ ✐ ✳
✑
★
✛ ✏
✳ ✐
✱
✤
✏
✪
✙ ❡ ✙ ✑ ✱
✐ ✤
✒
✐ ✐ ✤
✙
✫
✒
✪
✗
★ ✐ ✤
✙ ✛ ✒ ✚ ✙ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✚ ✒ ✇ ✇
✫
✗ ✙ ✛
✐
✏ ✒ ✑ ✗ ❄ ✗ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✕
✏ ✑ ✱ ✙ ❡ ✙
★
✚ ✏ ✑ ✙ ❄ ✙
★
✙ ✑ ✒
✫ ✫
✕ ✱
✐
✏ ✒ ✛ ✕ ✛
✐
✙ ✚ ✏ ✖
✇ ✒ ✑
✐
✗
✧ ✫
✙ ✛ ☞
■ ★ ✐ ✤
✒
✐ ✧
✒ ✛ ✙ ✱
✬
✑ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✛
✐
✏
✐ ✤
✙
✐
✏
✐
✒
✫
✙ ✘
✐
✙ ✑
★
✒
✫
✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙ ✏
★ ✐ ✤
✙ ✛ ✕ ✛
✐
✙ ✚ ✒
★
✔
❛
✑ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✛
✐
✏
✐ ✤
✙ ✒
✧ ✧
✙
✫
✙ ✑ ✒
✐
✗ ✏
★
✏ ✖
✐ ✤
✙ ✛ ✕ ✛
✐
✙ ✚ ✒ ✛ ✒
✪ ✤
✏
✫
✙ ☞ ❳ ✏ ✑ ✙
✇ ✑ ✙
✧
✗ ✛ ✙
✫
✕ ✱
❛
✗ ✛
✐ ✤
✙ ✒
✧ ✧
✙
✫
✙ ✑ ✒
✐
✗ ✏
★
✏ ✖
✐ ✤
✙
✧
✙
★ ✐
✑ ✙
✏ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✛ ✛ ✏ ✖
✐ ✤
✙ ✛ ✕ ✛
✐
✙ ✚ ☞ ❨ ♥ ❩ ❬ ♥ ❇ ❅ ❭♥
❛
❪ ❫ ❈ ❭❴ ❅ ❵ ❬ ♥
❇ ❜ ❅ ❵ ❩ ❵ ❇❅ ❝
❛
❭ ❅ ♥ ❈ ❇ ❇ ❈ ❢ ❅ ❬ ♥ ❴ ❪ ❤ ❥ ❅ ❥ ❬ ♥
✬
❧
♦ q r s ✉ s ✉ ④ ⑤ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑥⑧ ⑨ ⑩❶ ❷❸ ⑨ ⑩ ⑨ ❸ ❶ ❸ ❹⑩ ⑨ ❸ ⑩ ❶ ❹ ❺ ⑥⑩⑥⑧ ❻ ❶ ❸ ⑥❺ ❼ ❽
⑩
❾
⑥
❿
❷⑧ ⑤ ⑥ ⑨ ⑩ ⑩
❾
⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❸ ❹⑩ ⑨ ❸ ⑩
➀ ➁ ❾
⑥ ❻ ❷❻ ⑥❸ ⑩ ⑨
❿
⑩ ⑥⑧ ⑨
❹⑩❷❸ ⑥ ❶ ❹ ❺ ⑧ ❷➂ ➂ ⑥ ❺ ❷ ➃ ⑩ ❷
❿
⑨ ❸ ⑨ ⑤ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑥⑧ ⑨ ⑩⑥❺ ⑩ ⑧ ⑨ ❶ ❸ ➄
❶ ⑩
❾
⑨ ❹ ❸ ❷
❾
❷⑧ ❶ ➅ ❷❸ ⑩ ⑨ ⑦ ⑨ ⑤ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑥⑧ ⑨ ⑩❶ ❷❸ ❷⑧
❿
❷⑧ ⑤ ⑥➄ ❶
❿
⑨ ❶ ⑧ ⑧ ⑥❹❶ ❹⑩⑨ ❸ ⑤ ⑥ ❶ ❹ ❸ ⑥
➆
⑦ ⑥ ⑤ ⑩⑥❺
➀ ➁ ❾
⑥ ❹ ⑩❷❸ ⑥ ⑤ ⑨ ⑧ ⑧ ❶ ⑥❹
❸ ❷ ❻ ⑥ ❻ ❷⑧ ❽ ❷
❿
❶ ⑩❹ ⑨ ⑤ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑥⑧ ⑨ ⑩❶ ❷❸ ➇❶ ⑩
❾
⑩
❾
⑥ ⑩⑧ ⑨ ❶ ❸
⑨ ❻ ❷ ❻ ⑥❸ ⑩ ⑨
➆
❷
➀
✲
☞
❚ ✤
✙ ✛ ✙
✧
✏
★
✔
✫
✒
✪
✏ ✖ ✚ ✏
✐
✗ ✏
★
✗ ✛ ✒
✫
✏
✧
✒
✫
✑ ✙
✫
✒
✐
✗ ✏
★
✪ ✤
✗
✧ ✤
✚ ✙ ✒
★
✛
✐ ✤
✒
✐
✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙
✬
✒
✐
✒ ✇ ✏ ✗
★ ✐
✗
★
✛ ✇ ✒
✧
✙
✭
✫
✏
✧
✒
✐
✗ ✏
★
✏ ✖
✐ ✤
✙ ✇ ✒ ✑
✐
✗
✧ ✫
✙ ✍ ✒
✐
✒
✧
✙ ✑
✐
✒ ✗
★
✗
★
✛
✐
✒
★ ✐
✏ ✖
✐
✗ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✛ ✑ ✙
✫
✒
✐
✙ ✔
✐
✏
❛
✒
✐ ✐ ✤
✒
✐
✇ ✏ ✗
★ ✐
✒
✐ ✐ ✤
✒
✐
✗
★
✛
✐
✒
★ ✐
☞ ➈
✧ ✧
✙
✫
✙ ✑ ✒
✐
✗ ✏
★ ✤
✙ ✑ ✙ ✒
★
✔
★
✏
✪
✗ ✛
✔ ✙
✐
✙ ✑ ✚ ✗
★
✙ ✔ ✓ ✕
✐ ✤
✙ ✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙
✤
✙ ✑ ✙ ✒
★
✔
★
✏
✪
✱ ♥ ❈ ❇ ❢ ❩
❛
♥ ❩ ❜ ❬ ❵ ❇ ❈ ❭❩ ❈ ❫ ❇ ❜ ❅ ❝ ❈ ❇❬ ❈ ♥ ❈ ❫ ❇ ❜ ❅ ➉
❛
❭❇ ❬ ❴ ❪ ❅
➊ ➋ ❅ ❅
✬
❬ ➌ ➍ ➎ ➍ ➎ ➏ ☞
➐ ➑ ➒ ➓ ➔ → ➣ ↔ ↕ ➙ ➈ ✓
✳ ✫ ✫
✙
✐
✏ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✛ ✛ ❊ ☞ ❊
✲
❃ ❄
✚ ✏ ❡ ✗
★
❄
✪
✗
✐ ✤
✒ ✛ ✇ ✙ ✙ ✔ ✏ ✖ ➛ ❊ ✚ ✛
❀ ➜
✙
★ ✐
✙ ✑ ✛ ✒
✤
✙ ✒ ❡ ✕
✪
✏ ✏ ✔ ✙
★
✓
✫
✏
✧
❃ ✒
★
✔ ✗ ✛ ✛
✐
✏ ✇ ✇ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✖
✐
✙ ✑ ✒
✔ ✗ ✛
✐
✒
★ ✧
✙ ✏ ✖ ❯ ❊
✧
✚ ☞ ❲
✤
✒
✐
✗ ✛
✐ ✤
✙ ✒ ❡ ✙ ✑ ✒ ❄ ✙
✑ ✙ ✛ ✗ ✛
✐
✗ ❡ ✙ ✖ ✏ ✑
✧
✙ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✑
✐
✙ ✔ ✓ ✕
✐ ✤
✙ ✓
✫
✏
✧
❃ ✏
★ ✐ ✤
✙
✓
✳ ✫ ✫
✙
✐
➝
➞ ➟ ➠ ➡ ➣ ➢
❚ ✤
✙ ✑ ✙
✐
✒ ✑ ✔ ✒
✐
✗ ✏
★
➤ ➥ ➦ ✏ ✖
✐ ✤
✙ ✓
✳ ✫ ✫
✙
✐
✭ ✒ ✛ ✛
✳
✚ ✙ ✔
✧
✏
★
✛
✐
✒
★ ✐
✍ ✗ ✛ ❄ ✗ ❡ ✙
★
✓ ✕
➧
➨
➩
➫
◗
➭
❘
✯
➯ ➯
➲ ➳ ➵ ➳ ➵
➸ ➺ ➲ ➻ ➼ ➽ ➵ ➸ ➺
➾
➵
➚
➻
➪ ➪
×
❂
×
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✾ ✆
✝
✝
❚ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✖ ✟ ✒ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✗ ☛ ✘ ✑ ✏
♠ ✑ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✙
❂ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✢
✎
✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✚
♠ ✙
✲ ✧
❂ ★ ✥ ✚ ✩
❚ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✪ ☛ ✫ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✌ ✙ ✡ ✌ ✬ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✓ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✟ ✓
✠ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ✪ ✫ ✫ ✟ ✡ ♠ ☛ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✪ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✠ ♠
✛
❚ ✞ ✟
☛ ✍ ✙ ✘ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✟ ✓ ✑ ✍ ✫ ✕ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✡ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✬ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✟
✠ ✟ ✙ ✌ ✙ ✡ ✌ ✬ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟
✛ ✭
❊ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✶ ✷ ❚ ✞ ✟ ♠ ✑ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✑ ✏ ☛ ✸ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✫ ✟ ✑ ✏
♠ ☛ ✙ ✙ ♠ ✌ ✙ ☞ ✟ ✙ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✔ ✟ ☞ ✔ ✕ ✕
❂
✉ ✹ ❣ ✹✺
✻
✼
✽
✛ ✿
✌ ✍ ☞
✡ ✞ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✸ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✫ ✟
✛
❆ ❀ ❁ ❃
✴
❄ ❲
✟
✢
✍ ✑ ✘
❅
❇
❈
② ❉ ❋ ● ❋❍ ■
✩
✑ ✘ ✓
❞
❞
❏
✈ ❑ ▲ t
t
▼ ▼ ◆
☛ ✒ ✒ ✟ ✫ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✓
❞
❞
✈
❛ ▲
t
▼ ▼
❚ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✙ ✎ ✌ ✬ ✟ ✍ ✔ ✕
❖ ◗ ✛ ❘ ✦ ✛ ✦ ❙
✿ ❂
♠ ☛
❂
♠ ✎
✭
❚ ✞ ✪ ✙ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✬ ✟ ✍ ✟
◗
✪ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✟ ✙ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✔ ✟ ✙ ✡ ✞ ✟ ♠ ✑ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍
✑ ✏ ☛ ✸ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✫ ✟ ✪ ✍ ☞ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✒ ✟ ✫ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✪ ✟ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✠ ☛ ✬ ✌ ✡ ✕
☛ ✍ ☞ ✕ ✌ ✙ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✸ ✑ ✙ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍
✑ ✏ ✎
✛
❯
✰ ✱
❱
✳
❁
✴
❲
✟ ✙ ✑ ♠ ✟ ✡ ✌ ♠ ✟ ✙ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✪ ✍ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✟
✣
☛ ♠ ✸ ✫ ✟ ✙ ✘ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ☛ ✫ ☛ ✠ ✎ ✟
✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✠ ☛ ✬ ✟ ✠ ✕ ✙ ✞ ✑ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✪ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✸ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✪ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✎ ☛
✏ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✟ ✒ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✌ ✍ ♠ ✑ ♠ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✪ ♠ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ✑ ☞ ✕
✛ ✿
✑ ✠
✟
✣
☛ ♠ ✸ ✫ ✟ ✓ ✘ ✞ ✟ ✍ ☛ ✔ ☛ ✫ ✫ ✞ ✌ ✡ ✙ ☛ ✘ ☛ ✫ ✫ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✔ ✑ ✪ ✍ ✒ ✟ ✙
✔ ☛ ✒
✢
✓ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ☛ ✫ ✫ ✔ ✕ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✘ ☛ ✫ ✫ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✠ ☛
✬ ✟ ✠ ✕ ✙ ✞ ✑ ✠ ✡ ✡ ✌ ♠ ✟ ✘ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✡ ✘ ✑ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✕ ✟ ✡
✡ ✞ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✙ ✫ ☛ ✠ ✎ ✟ ✟ ✍ ✑ ✪ ✎ ✞ ✡ ✑ ✠ ✟ ✬ ✟ ✠ ✙ ✟ ✡ ✞ ✟ ♠ ✑ ♠ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✪ ♠
✑ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ☛ ✫ ✫
✛ ♦
✏ ✡ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✙ ✟ ✙ ✌ ✡ ✪ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✙ ✓ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟
☛ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✡ ✌ ♠ ✟ ☞ ✪ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✪ ✫ ✡ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✙ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✍
✙ ✟ ✸ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✫ ✕
✛ ❳
✑ ✘ ✟ ✬ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✸ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✪ ✒ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✌ ♠ ✟ ✓
✘ ✞ ✌ ✒ ✞ ✌ ✙ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✒ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✌ ✍ ♠ ✑ ♠ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✪ ♠ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ✑ ☞ ✕
✠ ✟ ♠ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✙ ☛ ♠ ✟ ☛ ✙ ✪ ✠ ☛ ✔ ✫ ✟
◗
✪ ☛ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✕
✛
❚ ✞ ✌ ✙ ✸ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✪ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✙
✒ ☛ ✫ ✫ ✟ ☞ ✌ ♠ ✸ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✟
❨
❩
♠ ✸ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✟
❂ ✿
✑ ✠ ✒ ✟
❬
✡ ✌ ♠ ✟ ☞ ✪ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍
❂
❭ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✌ ✍ ♠ ✑ ♠ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✪ ♠
❘ ✦ ✛ ✥ ❙
❪
✫ ☛ ✠ ✎ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✠ ☛ ✙ ✞ ✑ ✠ ✡ ✡ ✌ ♠ ✟ ✡ ✑ ✸ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✪ ✒ ✟ ☛
✏ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✟ ✒ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✌ ✍ ♠ ✑ ♠ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✪ ♠ ✌ ✙ ✒ ☛ ✫ ✫ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✍
✐ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❜ ❝ ✐ ❡ ❢
❤ ❥ ❦ ❧ ❢ ✛ ❩
✍ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✌ ✙ ✡ ✑ ✠ ✕ ✑ ✏ ✙ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✟ ✓ ✌ ♠ ✸ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✌ ✬ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✙
✘ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✸ ✪ ✡ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✟ ✸ ✡ ✪ ☛ ✫ ✫ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✒ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✑ ✠ ✕ ✏ ✠ ✑ ♠
✑ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✙
✛ ✩
✟ ✘ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✌ ☛ ✍ ♠ ✟ ✒ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✙ ✞ ☛ ✙ ✍ ✑
✙ ✪ ✒ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✙ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍
✛ ❩
♠ ✸ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✌ ✬ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✙ ✫ ✌
✢
✟ ☛ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✠
✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ♥ ✟
✣
✒ ✟ ✸ ✡ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✙ ✫ ☛ ✠ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✍ ☞ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✠ ☛ ✙ ✞ ✑ ✠ ✡
✡ ✌ ♠ ✟
✛
❊ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✶
♣ ❪
✔ ☛ ✡ ✙ ♠ ☛ ✍ ✞ ✌ ✡ ✙ ✔ ☛ ✒
✢
☛ ✔ ☛ ✫ ✫
✙ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✎ ✞ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ✑ ✘ ✫ ✟ ✠ ✘ ✌ ✡ ✞ ✑ ✪ ✡
✒ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✡ ✙ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✫ ✙ ✸ ✟ ✟ ☞ ✑ ✏
q ★
♠ ✙
➊ r
✛
❩
✏ ✡ ✞ ✟ ♠ ☛ ✙ ✙ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ☛ ✫ ✫ ✌ ✙
✚ ✛ q ✦ ✢
✎ ✓ ☞ ✟ ✡ ✟ ✠ ♠ ✌ ✍ ✟
✡ ✞ ✟ ✌ ♠ ✸ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✟ ✌ ♠ ✸ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ☞ ✡ ✑ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ☛ ✫ ✫
✛ ❘ ❪
✙ ✙ ✪ ♠ ✟
✫ ✌ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✠ ♠ ✑ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ☛ ✫ ✫
❙
❆ ❀ ❁ ❃
✴
❄
❭ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✌ ✍ ♠ ✑ ♠ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✪ ♠
❂ ✚ ✛ q ✦ ❬ q ★
♥
❘
♥
✚ ✛ q ✦ ❬ q ★ ❙
❂ s ✛ ✤ ✩
✙ ✓
❩
♠ ✸ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✟
❂ s ✛ ✤ ✩
✙ ✓
✌ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✏ ✠ ✑ ♠ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ☛ ✡ ✙ ♠ ☛ ✍ ✡ ✑ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ✑ ✘ ✫ ✟ ✠
✛
❚ ✞ ✌ ✙ ✌ ✙ ☛ ✍ ✟
✣
☛ ♠ ✸ ✫ ✟ ✘ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ☛ ✫ ✫
✔ ✕ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ☛ ✡ ✙ ♠ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✡ ✌ ♠ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✟
✔ ☛ ✫ ✫ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✪ ✫ ✡ ✡ ✑
✢
✍ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✪ ✡ ✡ ✞ ✟
✌ ♠ ✸ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✟ ✌ ✙ ✠ ✟ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✫ ✕ ✒ ☛ ✫ ✒ ✪ ✫ ☛ ✡ ✟ ☞
✛ ✭
✇ ① ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ④ ⑨ ⑩ ⑦ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ⑥ ⑧ ❼ ❽ ⑧ ⑦ ❷ ⑧ ④
❚ ✞ ✟ ✙ ✟ ✒ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✫ ☛ ✘ ✠ ✟ ✫ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✟
✣
✡ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✫ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✑ ✍ ☛
✔ ✑ ☞ ✕ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✙ ☛ ✒ ✒ ✟ ✫ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍
✛ ❲
✞ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✙ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✟
✟
✣
✡ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✫ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ✑ ☞ ✕
❾ ❲
✞ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✕
✸ ✠ ✑ ✬ ✌ ☞ ✟ ✙ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✟
✣
✡ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✫ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟
❾
❚ ✞ ✟ ✙ ✌ ♠ ✸ ✫ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✘ ✟ ✠
✌ ✍
✩
✟ ✘ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✌ ☛ ✍ ♠ ✟ ✒ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✙ ✌ ✙ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✡ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✟
✣
✡ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✫
✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✔ ✑ ☞ ✕ ☛ ✫ ✘ ☛ ✕ ✙ ☛ ✠ ✌ ✙ ✟ ✙ ☞ ✪ ✟ ✡ ✑ ✙ ✑ ♠ ✟ ✑ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✠
✔ ✑ ☞ ✕
✛
❭ ✑ ✍ ✙ ✌ ☞ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✸ ☛ ✌ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✔ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✙ ❿ ☛ ✍ ☞ ➀
✛
➀ ✎ ✌ ✬ ✟ ✙
✠ ✌ ✙ ✟ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✟
✣
✡ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✫ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✑ ✍ ❿
✛ ❪
✍ ☛ ✡ ✪ ✠ ☛ ✫
◗
✪ ✟ ✙ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍
✌ ✙
❨ ➁
✑ ✟ ✙ ❿ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✪ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✬ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✙ ✟ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✟
✣
✡ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✫ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟
✑ ✍ ➀
❾ ❩
✍ ✙ ✑ ♠ ✟ ✟
✣
☛ ♠ ✸ ✫ ✟ ✙ ✓ ✡ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✘ ✟ ✠ ✙ ✟ ✟ ♠ ✙
✒ ✫ ✟ ☛ ✠
✛ ❩
✏ ✕ ✑ ✪ ✸ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✙ ☛ ✒ ✑ ✌ ✫ ✟ ☞ ✙ ✸ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✙ ✸ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✙
✒ ✑ ♠ ✸ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✙ ✟ ☞ ✔ ✕ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✪ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✍ ☞
✛
❚ ✞ ✟
✒ ✑ ♠ ✸ ✠ ✟ ✙ ✙ ✟ ☞ ✙ ✸ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✪ ✠ ✍ ✟
✣
✟ ✠ ✡ ✙ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✑ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✪ ✠
✞ ☛ ✍ ☞ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✕ ✑ ✪ ✒ ☛ ✍ ✏ ✟ ✟ ✫ ✌ ✡
✛ ➂
✪ ✡ ✘ ✞ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✔ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✙
☛ ✠ ✟ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✡
❾
❚ ✞ ✟ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✞ ✸ ✪ ✫ ✫ ✙ ☛ ✙ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✟
☞ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✘ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✙ ☞ ✪ ✟ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✠ ☛ ✬ ✌ ✡ ✕
✛ ➁
✑ ✟ ✙ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✙ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✟
✣
✟ ✠ ✡
☛ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✞
❾
❚ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✘ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✙ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✑ ✔ ✬ ✌ ✑ ✪ ✙
✙ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✟ ✘ ✟ ✞ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✫ ✕ ✙ ✟ ✟ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✟ ✏ ✏ ✟ ✒ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✙ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✟
✟ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✞
✛
❚ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✘ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✒ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✑
✩
✟ ✘ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✙
❨ ➃
✟ ✙ ✓
✡ ✞ ✟ ✙ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✟ ☞ ✑ ✟ ✙ ✟
✣
✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✍ ✟
◗
✪ ☛ ✫ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✸ ✸ ✑ ✙ ✌ ✡ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟
✑ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✞
✛ ❲
✟ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✡ ✙ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✟ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✞
✌ ✙ ✬ ✟ ✠ ✕ ♠ ☛ ✙ ✙ ✌ ✬ ✟ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✟ ✏ ✏ ✟ ✒ ✡ ✑ ✏ ☛ ✙ ♠ ☛ ✫ ✫ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✑ ✍
✌ ✡ ✙ ♠ ✑ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✫ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✫ ✟
✛
❚ ✞ ✪ ✙ ✓ ☛ ✒ ✒ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✑
✩
✟ ✘ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✌ ☛ ✍ ♠ ✟ ✒ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✙ ✓
✏ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✍ ✟ ✬ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✪ ✠ ✙ ✙ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✫ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✪ ✠ ✟
✛ ✿
✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✙ ✡ ✞ ✟
♠ ✪ ✡ ✪ ☛ ✫ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✟ ✡ ✘ ✟ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✙
✛ ✿
✑ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✙
▲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟ ✾ ✠
❛ ✡ ☛ ❛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ❛ ✒ ✑ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✱ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✏ ✗ ✏ ❛ ✡ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✌
❜ ✙ ✗ ☛ ✙ ✙ ✓ ✗ ☛ ✍ ❜ ✍ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✌ ❛ ✑ ✙ ❛ ✡ ☛ ❛ ☞ ✌ ✙ ✢ ✏ ❛ ✡ ❛ ✓ ✜
✍ ✔ ✔ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✗ ✙ ✕ ♦ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✜ ✙ ❛ ☛ ❛ ✌ ✙ ✣ ✔ ✑ ✙ ✌ ✌ ✙ ✜ ❜ ☞ ✤ ✙ ☛ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✒ ✓
✗ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✚ ✍ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✙
t✥ ✦ ✧★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✬ t ✦ ✬ ✯
✕
❚
✬
✰ ✲ ✰
✧
✳
✪
✴
t ✦ ✬ ✯
✵
t✥
✰
✧
✰
✦
✶
✪ ✩ ✫ ✪
✳ ✶
✪ ✯
✰ ✷ ✸
✪ ✩ ✪ ✯ ★
✬
✹ ✹
✬
✶
✦ t
✰
✧
✰
✪
✴
t ✦ ✬ ✯
✺
✤ ✙ ☛ ✗ ✍ ✓
◆
✌ ☛ ✍ ✑ ✜ ✒ ✓
✻
✍ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✜ ✡ ❛ ☛ ✒ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✌ ✔ ❛ ✓ ✜
❜ ✙ ❛ ✏ ✗ ✒ ✛ ✏ ✡ ✗ ✘ ❛ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✘ ❛ ✌ ❜ ✙ ✎ ✍ ✚ ✙ ❛ ✔ ❛ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✛ ✎ ✍ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✓
✡ ❛ ✓
✻
✏ ❛
✻
✙ ✕ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✌ ❛ ✚ ✙ ✑ ✙ ❛ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✑ ✘ ❛ ✔ ✌ ✱
✚ ✒ ✌ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✙ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✌ ❛ ❜ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✜ ✡ ❛ ☛ ❛ ❜ ✍ ✏ ✓ ✜ ✕
♠
✙ ✗
✏ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✙ ✌ ✍ ✚ ✙ ✒ ✚ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✗ ❛ ✓ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✌ ❛ ❜ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✜
✡ ❛ ☛ ✱ ✔ ❛ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✡ ❛ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✙
✻
❛ ✑ ✜ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✏ ✌ ❛
✻
✙ ✍ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✙
✗ ✙ ✑ ✚ ✌ ✼ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ❛ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✙ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✺
✽ ✕ ♦ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✚ ✌ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ❛ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✙ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✜ ✡ ❛ ☛
✚ ✙ ❛ ✓ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✘ ✒ ✓
✻
✙ ✡ ✌ ✙ ❜ ✏ ✗ ✿ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✙
◆
✕ ❀ ✌ ✒ ✓
✻
✜ ✒ ✛ ✛ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✓ ✗
✗ ✙ ✑ ✚ ✌ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✌ ❛ ✚ ✙ ✔ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✎ ❛ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✙ ✔ ✗
✎ ❛ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✒ ✚ ✙ ✌ ❜ ✙ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✛ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✓
✻
✕ ❝ ✌ ✒ ✚ ✔ ✡ ✙
❛ ✓ ✜ ✎ ✡ ✙ ❛ ✑ ☛ ❛ ☞ ✍ ✛ ✌ ✗ ❛ ✗ ✒ ✓
✻
✗ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✜ ✡ ❛ ☛ ✒ ✌ ❛ ✌
✛ ✍ ✡ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✌ ✼
❋ ✬ ✧
✴ ✰ ✶
✪ ✩ ✫ ✪
✳ ✶
✬
✴ ✴ ✸
✧ ✦ ✯
✹
✪ ✦ ✧
✶
❁ ❋ ✬ ✧
✴ ✰
✬ ✯ ✪
❂ ✬ ★
✳
❃ ❂
✳
❄ ✦
✶ ✰ ✷ ✸
✪ ✩ ✪ ✯ ★ ✬
✹ ✹
✬
✶
✦ t
✰
t ✬ t✥
✰
✭ ✬ ✧
✴ ✰
✬ ✯ t✥
✰
❂ ✬ ★
✳
❄ ❂
✳
❃ ❁
❅ ✕ ♦ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✚ ✌ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ❛ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✙ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✜ ✡ ❛ ☛
✚ ❛ ☞
✻
✒ ❆ ✙ ❛ ☛ ✑ ✍ ✓
✻
✒ ✚ ✔ ✑ ✙ ✌ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✗ ✘ ❛ ✗ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓
✎ ✍ ✚ ✙ ✌ ❜ ✙ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✙ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✒ ✕ ✙ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✒ ✌ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✎ ❛ ✏ ✌ ✙
❛ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✙ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✙ ✛ ✛ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✕ ❚
✥
✰
✧
✰
✦
✶
✯ ✬
✴
✪
✸ ✶ ✰ ❇
✰
✭ ✭
✰ ✴
t ✧
✰
✩ ✪ t ✦ ✬ ✯ ✦ ✮
✹
✩ ✦
✰
★ ✦ ✯ t ✥
✰
t✥ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ❁
❚
✥
✰
✭ ✬ ✧
✴ ✰
✬ ✯
❈
❂
✳ ❉
✪ ✯ ★ t✥
✰
✭ ✬ ✧
✴ ✰
✬ ✯
❉
❂
✳ ❈
✪
✴
t
✪ t t ✥
✰ ✶
✪ ✮
✰
✦ ✯
✶
t ✪ ✯ t❁
❊ ☞ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✌ ❛ ✚ ✙ ✑ ✙ ❛ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✒ ✓
✻
✱
❛ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✙ ✍ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✚ ❛ ☞ ❜ ✙ ✎ ❛ ✡ ✡ ✙ ✜ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ❛ ✓ ✜ ✗ ✘ ✙
✍ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✙ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✕
● ✕ ❝ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ❛ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✙ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✌ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✛ ✛ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✓ ✗
❜ ✍ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✌ ✱ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✌ ❛ ✚ ✙ ❜ ✍ ✜ ☞ ✕ ❍ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✜ ✙ ✑ ❛ ✔ ❛ ✒ ✑
✍ ✛ ❜ ✍ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✌ ■ ❛ ✓ ✜ ❏ ✕ ❝ ✎ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✜ ✒ ✓
✻
✗ ✍ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✜ ✡ ❛ ☛ ✱
❋
❑ ▼
❖ P ❋
▼ ❑
◗ ❘
✕
❙ ❯
◗
✛ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✍ ✓ ■ ❜ ☞ ❏
❯
❱ ❲
◗
✛ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✍ ✓ ❏ ❜ ☞ ■
❯
♦ ✘ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✛ ☛ ✙ ❛ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✜ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✓
✻
✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✛ ❛ ✓ ☞
✍ ✓ ✙ ❜ ✍ ✜ ☞
◗
■ ✍ ✑ ❏
❯
✱ ✍ ✓ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✙ ✍ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✗ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✌ ✒ ✌
✑ ✙ ✡ ✙ ❆ ❛ ✓ ✗ ✕ r ✗ ✒ ✌ ❛ ✓ ✙ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✍ ❛ ✜ ✜ ✏ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✗ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✌
❛ ✓ ✜ ✎ ✡ ❛ ✒ ✚ ✗ ✘ ❛ ✗ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✒ ✌
❳
✙ ✑ ✍ ✕
❨
✍ ☛ ✙ ❆ ✙ ✑ ✱ ✒ ✛ ☞ ✍ ✏ ❛ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✜ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✓
✻
✗ ✘ ✙ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✙ ✚
✍ ✛ ✗ ☛ ✍ ❜ ✍ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✌ ❛ ✌ ❛ ☛ ✘ ✍ ✡ ✙ ✱
❋
❑ ▼
❛ ✓ ✜
❋
▼ ❑
❛ ✑ ✙
✒ ✓ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✓ ❛ ✡ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✌ ✍ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✙ ✚
◗
■ ❩ ❏
❯
✕ ♦ ✘ ✙ ☞ ❛ ✜ ✜
✏ ✔ ✗ ✍
✻
✒ ❆ ✙ ❛ ✓ ✏ ✡ ✡ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✕ r ✓ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✓ ❛ ✡ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✌ ✒ ✓ ❛
❜ ✍ ✜ ☞ ✍ ✑ ❛ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✍ ✛ ✔ ❛ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✡ ✙ ✌ ✗ ✘ ✏ ✌ ✎ ❛ ✓ ✎ ✙ ✡ ❛ ☛ ❛ ☞
✒ ✓ ✔ ❛ ✒ ✑ ✌ ✕ ♦ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✌ ❛ ✓ ✒ ✚ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✗ ❛ ✓ ✗ ✛ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✗ ✘ ❛ ✗
✙ ✓ ❛ ❜ ✡ ✙ ✌ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✌ ✙ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✜ ✡ ❛ ☛ ✗ ✍ ❜ ✙ ❛ ✔ ✔ ✡ ✒ ✎ ❛ ❜ ✡ ✙ ✗ ✍ ❛
❜ ✍ ✜ ☞ ✍ ✑ ❛ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✍ ✛ ✔ ❛ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✡ ✙ ✌
◗
❬ ✙ ✙ ❍✘ ❛ ✔ ✗ ✙ ✑ ❭
❯
✕
❪ ❫❴❴❵ ❞ ❡ ❢ ❣ ❤ ✐ ❥ ❦❧♥♣ q ❦s ♣ s✉
✈✇ ① ① ② ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑤ ① ✇ ⑨ ⑦ ⑩ ⑧ ❶ ⑧ ❷ ⑦ ⑦ ❸ ✇ ⑥ ❹ ⑦ ⑩ ❺ ④ ❻ ❼ ⑧ ❽❸ ① ⑧ ❾ ❶ ⑧ ❿ ➀ ➁ ➂ ❻ ⑥ ❹ ④ ➃ ④ ① ⑩ ➄ ① ❸ ❶ ❸ ④ ⑦ ❾ ❶ ④ ❾ ➅
➆ ❶ ✇ ④ ➇ ⑥ ⑩ ① ⑦ ⑩ ❾ ❶ ⑧ ① ⑩ ➃ ➈ ① ⑥ ❹ ④ ➈ ① ⑥ ❶ ② ① ❸ ① ⑨ ❶ ❸ ❶ ⑥ ➃ ① ⑧ ❾ ➈ ④ ② ❹ ① ⑧ ❶ ② ① ❸ ① ❺ ⑥ ❶ ⑥ ➉❾ ④ ⑩ ④ ➈ ① ❶ ⑧ ④ ❾ ❹ ❶ ❾ ❾ ④ ⑧
➊ ⑩ ⑦ ➈ ⑦ ⑥ ❹ ④ ⑩ ✇ ❶ ⑧ ❹ ❶ ✇ ✇ ② ❹ ⑦ ⑦ ❸ ❸ ❶ ➊ ④ ➅ ✈ ⑧ ❿ ➀ ➀ ➂ ❻ ❹ ④ ⑤ ④ ⑧ ⑥ ⑥ ⑦ ➋ ① ➈ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❾ ❽ ④ ➊ ⑦ ⑩ ➉⑧ ❾ ④ ⑩ ❽ ⑩ ① ❾ ➉ ① ⑥ ④
✇ ⑥ ➉ ❾ ❶ ④ ✇ ➅ ➌ ❺ ❸ ① ❽ ➉ ④ ④ ❺ ❶ ❾ ④ ➈ ❶ ② ❶ ⑧ ❿ ➀ ➀ ➍ ➊ ⑦ ⑩ ② ④ ❾ ⑥ ❹ ④ ➉⑧ ❶ ➎ ④ ⑩ ✇ ❶ ⑥ ➃ ⑥ ⑦ ⑤ ⑧ ⑥ ⑦ ② ❸ ⑦ ✇ ④ ① ⑧ ❾ ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧
❹ ① ❾ ⑥ ⑦ ⑩ ④ ⑥ ➉ ⑩ ⑧ ⑥ ⑦ ❹ ❶ ✇ ➈ ⑦ ⑥ ❹ ④ ⑩ ➏ ✇ ➊ ① ⑩ ➈ ➅ ➐ ❹ ④ ⑩ ④ ❶ ⑧ ⑥ ⑤ ⑦ ➃ ④ ① ⑩ ✇ ⑦ ➊ ✇ ⑦ ❸ ❶ ⑥ ➉❾ ④ ❻ ❹ ❶ ✇ ❾ ⑦ ⑩ ➈ ① ⑧ ⑥
② ⑩ ④ ① ⑥ ❶ ➎ ❶ ⑥ ➃ ⑨ ❸ ⑦ ✇ ✇ ⑦ ➈ ④ ❾ ❶ ⑧ ① ❾ ④ ❸ ➉ ❽ ④ ⑦ ➊ ➊ ➉ ⑧ ❾ ① ➈ ④ ⑧ ⑥ ① ❸ ❾ ❶ ✇ ② ⑦ ➎ ④ ⑩ ❶ ④ ✇ ❶ ⑧ ➈ ① ⑥ ❹ ④ ➈ ① ⑥ ❶ ② ✇ ① ⑧ ❾
❺ ❹ ➃ ✇ ❶ ② ✇ ➑ ⑨ ❶ ⑧ ⑦ ➈ ❶ ① ❸ ⑥ ❹ ④ ⑦ ⑩ ④ ➈ ➊ ⑦ ⑩ ⑧ ④ ❽ ① ⑥ ❶ ➎ ④ ① ⑧ ❾ ➊ ⑩ ① ② ⑥ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ① ❸ ④ ➇ ❺ ⑦ ⑧ ④ ⑧ ⑥ ✇ ❻ ⑥ ❹ ④ ⑨ ④ ❽ ❶ ⑧ ⑧ ❶ ⑧ ❽ ⑦ ➊
② ① ❸ ② ➉❸ ➉✇ ❻ ⑥ ❹ ④ ❶ ⑧ ➎ ④ ⑩ ✇ ④ ✇ ➒ ➉① ⑩ ④ ❸ ① ⑤ ⑦ ➊ ❽ ⑩ ① ➎ ❶ ⑥ ① ⑥ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ❻ ⑥ ❹ ④ ✇ ❺ ④ ② ⑥ ⑩ ➉➈ ⑦ ➊ ⑤ ❹ ❶ ⑥ ④ ❸ ❶ ❽❹ ⑥ ❻ ① ⑧ ❾ ✇ ⑦
⑦ ⑧ ➅ ➓ ④ ⑥ ➉⑩ ⑧ ❶ ⑧ ❽ ⑥ ⑦ ➋ ① ➈ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❾ ❽ ④ ❻ ❹ ④ ❺ ➉⑩ ✇ ➉④ ❾ ❹ ❶ ✇ ❶ ⑧ ➎ ④ ✇ ⑥ ❶ ❽① ⑥ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ✇ ❶ ⑧ ⑦ ❺ ⑥ ❶ ② ✇ ① ⑧ ❾ ❾ ④ ➎ ❶ ✇ ④ ❾ ①
⑩ ④ ➊ ❸ ④ ② ⑥ ❶ ⑧ ❽ ⑥ ④ ❸ ④ ✇ ② ⑦ ❺ ④ ➅
✈ ⑧ ❿ ➀
➔
➁ ❻ ④ ⑧ ② ⑦ ➉⑩ ① ❽ ④ ❾ ⑨ ➃ ❹ ❶ ✇ ➊ ⑩ ❶ ④ ⑧ ❾ ❼ ❾ ➈ ➉⑧ ❾ ➆ ① ❸ ❸ ④ ➃ ❻ ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ④ ➈ ⑨ ① ⑩
→
④ ❾ ⑦ ⑧ ⑤ ⑩ ❶ ⑥ ❶ ⑧ ❽ ⑤ ❹ ① ⑥ ⑤ ① ✇ ⑥ ⑦ ⑨ ④ ⑦ ⑧ ④ ⑦ ➊
⑥ ❹ ④ ❽ ⑩ ④ ① ⑥ ④ ✇ ⑥ ✇ ② ❶ ④ ⑧ ⑥ ❶ ➊ ❶ ② ⑤ ⑦ ⑩
→
✇ ④ ➎ ④ ⑩ ❺ ➉⑨ ❸ ❶ ✇ ❹ ④ ❾ ➑ ➐ ❹ ④
➣
⑩ ❶ ⑧ ② ❶ ❺ ❶ ①
↔
① ⑥ ❹ ④ ➈ ① ⑥ ❶ ② ① ➅ ✈ ⑧ ❶ ⑥ ❻ ❹ ④ ④ ⑧ ➉⑧ ② ❶ ① ⑥ ④ ❾ ⑥ ❹ ④ ⑥ ❹ ⑩ ④ ④
❸ ① ⑤ ✇ ⑦ ➊ ➈ ⑦ ⑥ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ① ⑧ ❾ ⑥ ❹ ④ ➉⑧ ❶ ➎ ④ ⑩ ✇ ① ❸ ❸ ① ⑤ ⑦ ➊ ❽ ⑩ ① ➎ ❶ ⑥ ① ⑥ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ❻ ⑤ ❹ ❶ ② ❹ ④ ➇ ❺ ❸ ① ❶ ⑧ ④ ❾ ① ❸ ❸ ⑥ ❹ ④ ⑥ ❹ ⑩ ④ ④
↕
④ ❺ ❸ ④ ⑩ ➏ ✇ ❸ ① ⑤ ✇ ⑦ ➊
❺ ❸ ① ⑧ ④ ⑥ ① ⑩ ➃ ➈ ⑦ ⑥ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ➅ ➐ ❹ ④ ⑨ ⑦ ⑦
→
⑤ ① ✇ ❺ ① ②
→
④ ❾ ⑤ ❶ ⑥ ❹ ① ❹ ⑦ ✇ ⑥ ⑦ ➊ ❺ ① ⑥ ❹
➙
⑨ ⑩ ④ ①
→
❶ ⑧ ❽ ① ② ❹ ❶ ④ ➎ ④ ➈ ④ ⑧ ⑥ ✇ ➑ ⑨ ① ✇ ❶ ② ❺ ⑩ ❶ ⑧ ② ❶ ❺ ❸ ④ ✇ ⑦ ➊
➊ ❸ ➉❶ ❾ ➈ ④ ② ❹ ① ⑧ ❶ ② ✇ ❻ ➈ ① ⑥ ❹ ④ ➈ ① ⑥ ❶ ② ✇ ⑦ ➊ ⑤ ① ➎ ④ ➈ ⑦ ⑥ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ❻ ② ① ❸ ② ➉ ❸ ① ⑥ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ⑦ ➊ ➈ ① ✇ ✇ ④ ✇ ⑦ ➊ ⑥ ❹ ④ ④ ① ⑩ ⑥ ❹ ❻ ⑥ ❹ ④ ✇ ➉⑧ ① ⑧ ❾ ⑦ ⑥ ❹ ④ ⑩
❺ ❸ ① ⑧ ④ ⑥ ✇ ❻ ④ ➇ ❺ ❸ ① ⑧ ① ⑥ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ⑦ ➊ ⑥ ❹ ④ ❺ ⑩ ④ ② ④ ✇ ✇ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ⑦ ➊ ④ ➒ ➉❶ ⑧ ⑦ ➇ ④ ✇ ❻ ⑥ ❹ ④ ⑦ ⑩ ➃ ⑦ ➊ ⑥ ❶ ❾ ④ ✇ ❻ ④ ⑥ ② ➅ ✈ ⑧ ❿
➛ ➜
➁ ❻ ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ⑦ ➉ ❽❹ ⑥ ⑦ ➉ ⑥
① ⑧ ⑦ ⑥ ❹ ④ ⑩ ➈ ① ✇ ⑥ ④ ⑩ ❺ ❶ ④ ② ④
➝
❺ ⑥ ❶ ②
→
✇ ⑥ ❹ ① ⑥ ✇ ➉ ➈ ➈ ① ⑩ ❶
➞
④ ❾ ❹ ❶ ✇ ⑤ ⑦ ⑩
→
⑦ ⑧ ❸ ❶ ❽❹ ⑥ ① ⑧ ❾ ② ⑦ ❸ ⑦ ➉⑩ ➅
➐ ❹ ④ ✇ ② ❶ ④ ⑧ ⑥ ❶ ➊ ❶ ② ⑩ ④ ➎ ⑦ ❸ ➉ ⑥ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ⑥ ⑩ ❶ ❽❽ ④ ⑩ ④ ❾ ⑨ ➃ ➋ ⑦ ❺ ④ ⑩ ⑧ ❶ ② ➉ ✇ ① ⑧ ❾ ✇ ⑥ ④ ④ ⑩ ④ ❾ ➎ ❶ ❽⑦ ⑩ ⑦ ➉ ✇ ❸ ➃ ① ❹ ④ ① ❾ ⑨ ➃
↕
④ ❺ ❸ ④ ⑩ ① ⑧ ❾ ➄ ① ❸ ❶ ❸ ④ ⑦
⑤ ① ✇ ⑨ ⑩ ⑦ ➉ ❽❹ ⑥ ⑥ ⑦ ① ❽ ⑩ ① ⑧ ❾ ② ⑦ ➈ ❺ ❸ ④ ⑥ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ➃ ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ➅ ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ❶ ① ⑧ ➈ ④ ② ❹ ① ⑧ ❶ ② ✇ ➉⑧ ❶ ➊ ❶ ④ ❾ ⑥ ④ ⑩ ⑩ ④ ✇ ⑥ ⑩ ❶ ① ❸ ① ⑧ ❾ ② ④ ❸ ④ ✇ ⑥ ❶ ① ❸
❺ ❹ ④ ⑧ ⑦ ➈ ④ ⑧ ① ➅ ➐ ❹ ④ ✇ ① ➈ ④ ➈ ① ⑥ ❹ ④ ➈ ① ⑥ ❶ ② ① ❸ ④ ➒ ➉ ① ⑥ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ❽⑦ ➎ ④ ⑩ ⑧ ④ ❾ ⑥ ❹ ④ ➊ ① ❸ ❸ ⑦ ➊ ① ⑧ ① ❺ ❺ ❸ ④ ⑥ ⑦ ⑥ ❹ ④ ❽ ⑩ ⑦ ➉⑧ ❾ ① ⑧ ❾ ⑥ ❹ ④
➈ ⑦ ⑥ ❶ ⑦ ⑧ ⑦ ➊ ⑥ ❹ ④ ➈ ⑦ ⑦ ⑧ ① ⑩ ⑦ ➉⑧ ❾ ⑥ ❹ ④ ④ ① ⑩ ⑥ ❹ ➅ ➐ ❹ ④ ① ❽ ④ ⑦ ➊ ⑩ ④ ① ✇ ⑦ ⑧ ❹ ① ❾ ❾ ① ⑤ ⑧ ④ ❾ ➅

P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✾ ✆
✝
❊ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ❚ ✇ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✚
✚ ✔ ✙ ✏ s ✒ ✖ ✙ ✏ ✛ ✏ ✑ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✇ ✏ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✢ ✒ ✚ ✣ ✒ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✤ ✔
✖ ✔ ✑ ✏ ❛ ❛ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✛ ✗ ✒ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✑ ✛ ✒ ✔ ✙ ✒ ❛ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✒ ✑ ✇ ✏ ✔ ✜ ✎ ✤ ✔
✖ ✓ ✦ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✚ ✣ ✒ ✒ ✑ ✥ ✖ ✚ ✚ ✜ ✎ ✇ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✧ ✏ ✛ ❣ ✺ ❣ ★ ❣
❲ ✜ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✚ ✩ ✏ ✪ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✙ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒
✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✑ ✤ ✒ ✔ ✎ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✜ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✫ ✩ ✏ ✏ ✪ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✜ ✒
✢ ✖ ✛ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✑ ✒ ✚ ✎ ❛ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✚ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✒
✘ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✚ ✘ ✦ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✫
❋ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✮ ✰
❆ ✱ ✲ ✳
☞
✴ ✵
✓ ✏ ✓ ✚ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✏
✶
✒ ✖ ✓ ✚ ✇ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✎ ✩ ✏ ✪ ✢ ✏ ✛ ✜ ✔ ✘ ✒
✔ ✜ ✖ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✩ ✖ ✪ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✎ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✎
✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✥ ✇ ✜ ✏ ✗ ✒ ✔ ✜ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✩ ✘ ✪ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✏ ✓ ✒ ✑ ✖ ✔ t ✷ ✸
✔ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✗ ❣ ❚ ✜ ✏ ✚ ✖ ✓ ✚ ✇ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✚ ✇ ✙ ✎ ✓ ✛ ❣ ❚ ✜ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒
✎ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✎ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✚ ❣
❍ ✎ ✇ ✔ ✎ ❛ ✏ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✜ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✫ ❚ ✜ ✒ ✔ ✙ ✏ ✕ s ✏ ✚
✔ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✓ ✚ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✜ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✩ ✎ ✙ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✪ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✗
✑ ✤ ✒ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✤ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✇ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✓
✤ ✚ ✒ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✔ ✜ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✇ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✓ ✚ ✇ ✒ ✙ ✩ ✏ ✪ ❣ ✉ ✒ ✔ ✹ ✘ ✒ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✣ ✒ ✒ ✑
✎ ❛ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✜ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✘ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✑ ✖ ❛ ✔ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✇ ✏ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✜ ✒
✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✑ ✢ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✢ ✖ ✚ ✚ ✎ ❛ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✜ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✗ ❣ ✻✜ ✎ ✎ ✚ ✒ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✼
✖ ✓ ✑ ✦ ✖ ✼ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✚ ✚ ✜ ✎ ✇ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✛ ✤ ✙ ✒ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✓ ✚ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✙
✔ ✜ ✒ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✢ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✢ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✓ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✜
✕ ✖ ✚ ✒ ❝
✻✖ ✚ ✒ ✩ ✖ ✪
✽ ✿
❀ ❁
✐ ❂ ✐ ❃ ✐ ❄ ❧
✐ ❂ ✐ ❃ ✐ ❄ ❧
❅
① ❇
♣ ♠ ❈ ♣❉ ❉
● ■
❏ ❑
❢ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖
❢ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖
◗
❘ ❙
❯ ❱ ❳ ❯❨ ❩ ❨
❬
✢ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✢ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✢
✶
✒ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✙ ❣
❚ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✒ ✥
❭ ❪ ✕ ✎ ✢ ✣ ✎ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✎ ❛ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✒ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❜ ✹
② ❪ ✕ ✎ ✢ ✣ ✎ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✎ ❛ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✒ ❫ ✷
❬
✢ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✑ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✙ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✢ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✙ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✓ ❣
✻ ✗ ✒ ✖ ✙ ✗ ✦ ✥ ❛ ✙ ✎ ✢ ✖ ✘ ✎
✶
✒ ✥ ✔ ✜ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✑ ✤ ✒ ✔ ✎
✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✎ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✓ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✛ ✖ ✔ ✏
✶
✒
✼ ❪ ✑ ✏ ✙ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✓ ❣
❞
✚ ✏ ✓ ✛
❡
✒ ✇ ✔ ✎ ✓
❤
✚ ✔ ✜ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✇ ✎ ❛ ✢ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✥
✔ ✜ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✑ ✤ ✒ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✎ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✎
✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✓ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✣ ✎ ✚ ✏ ✔ ✏
✶
✒ ✼ ❪ ✑ ✏ ✙ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✓ ❣ ❚ ✜ ✒
✢ ✖ ✛ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✑ ✒ ✎ ❛ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✎ ✔ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✚ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✒ ✑ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✒
✔ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✢ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✔ ✏ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✖ s ✒ ✓ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✎ ✔
✘ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✣ ✒ ✕ ✏ ❛ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✣ ✙ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✢ ❣
✻✖ ✚ ✒ ✩ ✘ ✪
❥ ❦
♥ ♦ q r ✈
③ ④ ③ ⑤ ③ ⑥ ⑦
⑧
⑨ ⑩ ❶❷
o
❸
❹ ❺
❻ ❼ ❽ ❾ ❿
➀ ➁ ➀ ➂ ➀ ➃ ➄➅
➆ ➇ ➈➉ ➊
o
➋ ➌
➍ ♥ ♦ q r ✈
➎
③ ④ ⑥ ⑦
⑧
⑨ ⑩ ❶❷
o
❸
➏ ➐
➑ ➒ ➓ ➔ →
➣ ↔ ↕ ➙ ➛➜
➝ ➞ ➟➠ ➡
o
❡
✎ ✔ ✒ ✥ ✇ ✜ ✏ ✗ ✒ ➢
➤
✕ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✚ ✚ ✏ ✛ ✓ ✖ ❛ ✔ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✥ ➢
➥
✑ ✎ ✒ ✚ ✓ ✎ ✔ ❣ ❚ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✒ ✥
❭ ❪ ✕ ✎ ✢ ✣ ✎ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✎ ❛ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✒ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❜ ✹ ✕ ✎ ✚ t ✷ ✸
② ❪ ✕ ✎ ✢ ✣ ✎ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✎ ❛ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✒ ❫ ✷
❚ ✜ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✙ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✎ ❛ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✩ ✖ ✓ ✑ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✪ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✢ ✒
✖ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✩ ✖ ✪ ✖ ✓ ✑ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✎ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✓ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✒
✓ ✒ ✛ ✖ ✔ ✏
✶
✒ ✼ ✑ ✏ ✙ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✓ ❣
✵
✚ ✘ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✒ ✥ ✤ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✛
❡
✒ ✇ ✔ ✎ ✓
❤
✚
✔ ✜ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✇ ✥ ✔ ✜ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✑ ✤ ✒ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✚
✓ ✎ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✓ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✣ ✎ ✚ ✏ ✔ ✏
✶
✒ ✼ ✑ ✏ ✙ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✓ ❣
❚ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✢ ✖ ✛ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✑ ✒ ✚ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✚
✏ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✩ ✖ ✪ ✖ ✓ ✑ ✩ ✘ ✪ ✏ ✚
➦ ➧
➨
➨ ➩ ➨ ➫ ➭ ➯ ➲ ➳ ➵ ➸ ➨
➲
➺ ➻ ➺ ➻ ➼ ➽
o
➾
➚ ➪ ➶ ➹➘ ➴ ➷ ➬ ➮ ➱ ✃ ❐ ❒ ➘ ➴ ➘ ❮ ❰ ➘ ❰ ➬ ➴ ❐ Ï❰
❚ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✔ ✜ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✇ ✚ ✎ ❛ ✢ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✗ ✒ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✎
✖ ✓ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✎ ✙ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✓ ✚ ✒ Ð ✤ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✒ ❝ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✗ ✖ ✇ ✎ ❛
✕ ✎ ✓ ✚ ✒ ✙
✶
✖ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✎ ❛ ✢ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✢ ❣ ❚ ✖ s ✒ ✖ ❛ ✖ ✢ ✏ ✗ ✏ ✖ ✙
✒ ✼ ✖ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✒ ❣
✵
✘ ✤ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✚ ❛ ✏ ✙ ✒ ✑ ❛ ✙ ✎ ✢ ✖ ✛ ✤ ✓ ❣
❬
❛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒
✎ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✔ ✘ ✦ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✛ ✤ ✓ ✏ ✚ ❮ ✥ ✔ ✜ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✛ ✤ ✓
✘ ✦ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✚ Ñ ❮ ✥ ✖ ✕ ✕ ✎ ✙ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✔ ✜ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✇ ❣
❚ ✜ ✒ ✔ ✇ ✎ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✕ ✔ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✎ ✢ ✢ ✎ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✙
✶
✖ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✏ ✢ ✒
Ò Ó ❣
✵
✕ ✕ ✎ ✙ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✇ ✥ ❮ Ò Ó ✏ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✒
✕ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✢ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✢ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✑ Ñ ❮ Ò Ó ✏ ✚
✔ ✜ ✒ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✢ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✢ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✛ ✤ ✓ ❣
Ô
✏ ✓ ✕ ✒
✏ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✦ ✥ ✘ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✖ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✒ ✚ ✔ ✥ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✏ ✓
✢ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✢ ✒ Ð ✤ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✢ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✜ ❣
❚ ✜ ✤ ✚ ✏ ❛
Õ
Ö
✏ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✢ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✔ ✖ ❛ ✔ ✒ ✙
❛ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✓ ✛ ✖ ✓ ✑
Õ
×
✏ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✢ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✛ ✤ ✓ ✥
Õ
×
Ø
Ñ
Õ
Ö
ÙÚ Û Ú Õ
Ö
Ü Õ
×
Ø
✷ ❣ ❚ ✜ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✚ ✥ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✖ ✗
✢ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✢ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✩ ✘ ✤ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✔
Ý
✛ ✤ ✓ ✪ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✢ ✏ ✚
✕ ✎ ✓ ✚ ✒ ✙
✶
✒ ✑ ❣
❚ ✜ ✤ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✒ ✑ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✢ ✩ ✏ ❣ ✒ ❣ ✖ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✢ ✇ ✏ ✔ ✜
✓ ✎ ✒ ✼ ✔ ✒ ✙ ✓ ✖ ✗ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✪ ✥ ✢ ✤ ✔ ✤ ✖ ✗ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✚ ✘ ✒ ✔ ✇ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✣ ✖ ✏ ✙ ✚
✎ ❛ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✢ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✚ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✢
✕ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✑ ✏
✶
✏ ✑ ✤ ✖ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✚ ✥ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✜ ✒
✢ ✤ ✔ ✤ ✖ ✗ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✚ ❛ ✎ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✖ ✏ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✒ ✒ Ð ✤ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✓ ✑
✎ ✣ ✣ ✎ ✚ ✏ ✔ ✒ ✥ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✢ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✚ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✏ ✓ ✣ ✖ ✏ ✙ ✚
✖ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✢ ✙ ✒ ✢ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✚ ✤ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✑ ❣
❚ ✜ ✏ ✚ ❛ ✖ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✚ s ✓ ✎ ✇ ✓ ✖ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✒
Þ ß à á â ã á ä å æ çè ß éê á ä
á â
ë
á
ë
æ ä é
ì ë ❝
▲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟ ✾ ✾
✠
❚ ✡ ☛ ☞✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✑ ☞ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✌ ✎ ✍ ☞ ☛ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✕ ☞ ☛ ✏
✌ ✓ ✔ ✑ ☞ ☛ ♦ ✍ ✘ ☞ ✔ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✍ ♦☞ ✔ ✘ ✎ ☛ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✕ ☛ ♦ ✛ ☛ ✖ ✜
❆ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✢ ★ ✪ ✫ ✩ ✤ ✥ ✬ ✪ ✦ ✭ ★ ✮ ✪ ✩ ✥ ✥ ✬ ✣ ✯ ✩ ★ ✣ ✦ ✢ ✦ ✭ ★ ✮ ✪
✬ ✩
❧
✦ ✭ ✯ ✦ ✢
✰
✪ ✧
✱
✩ ★ ✣ ✦ ✢ ✦ ✭ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✪ ✢ ★
✲
✤ ✣
✰
★ ✮ ✪ ✯ ✦ ✬ ✬ ✣
✰
✣ ✦ ✢
✦ ✭ ★
❧
✦
✳
✦
✴
✣ ✪
✰ ✵ ✶
✦ ✢
✰
✣
✴
✪ ✧ ★
❧
✦
✳
✦
✴
✣ ✪
✰
❆ ✩ ✢
✴ ✷✸ ❧
✣ ★ ✮
✣ ✢ ✣ ★ ✣ ✩ ✬ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✪ ✢ ★ ✩ ✚
✹
✩ ✢
✴
✚
❇
✵
✺ ✮ ✪
✳
✦
✴
✣ ✪
✰
✯ ✦ ✬ ✬ ✣
✴
✪
✸
❣
✪ ★ ✩ ✥ ✩ ✧ ★
✸ ❧
✣ ★ ✮ ✭ ✣ ✢ ✩ ✬ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✪ ✢ ★ ✩ ✚
✻
✹
✩ ✢
✴
✚
✻
❇
✧ ✪
✰
✥ ✪ ✯ ★ ✣
✱
✪ ✬
r ✵ ✷r
★ ✮ ✪
✼
✪ ✯ ✦ ✢
✴ ✽
✩
❧
❋ ✿ ✿
❀ ❁ ❀ ❀
t ❂ ❃
❄
❾
✩ ✢
✴
❋ ✿ ✿
❁ ❀ ❁ ❁
t ❂ ❃
❄
❾
❅ ❧
✮ ✪ ✧ ✪
❧
✪ ✮ ✩
✱
✪ ★ ✩
❈
✪ ✢ ✩ ✯ ✦ ✤ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✣ ✢ ★ ✪ ✧
✱
✩ ✬ ✦ ✭ ★ ✣ ✤ ✪
✭ ✦ ✧
✳
✦ ★ ✮ ✭ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✪
✰
✣
✵
✪
✵
★ ✮ ✪ ★ ✣ ✤ ✪ ✭ ✦ ✧
❧
✮ ✣ ✯ ✮ ★ ✮ ✪ ★
❧
✦
✳
✦
✴
✣ ✪
✰
✩ ✧ ✪ ✣ ✢ ✯ ✦ ✢ ★ ✩ ✯ ★
✵ ❜
✼
✣ ✢ ✯ ✪
❉ ❉
❊ ● ● ❊
❍ ■
✳ r
★ ✮ ✪ ★ ✮ ✣ ✧
✴
✬ ✩
❧ ✸
❏ ❑
▼
◆ ❖ ◆
▼
◆♣ ♣ ♣ ♣
P P ◗ ◗
✣
✵
✪
✵
❘
❙
❘
❍ ❙❯ ❯ ❯ ❯
❊ ● ❊ ●
❅ ❱ ✵ ❲ ❜
❧
✮ ✣ ✯ ✮
✰
✮ ✦
❧ ✰
★ ✮ ✩ ★ ★ ✮ ✪ ★ ✦ ★ ✩ ✬ ✭ ✣ ✢ ✩ ✬ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✪ ✢ ★
✲
✤ ✦ ✭
★ ✮ ✪ ✣
✰
✦ ✬ ✩ ★ ✪
✴ ✰ r ✰
★ ✪ ✤ ✪ ❳
✲
✩ ✬
✰
✣ ★
✰
✣ ✢ ✣ ★ ✣ ✩ ✬ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✪ ✢ ★
✲
✤
✵
❨✦ ★ ✣ ✯ ✪ ★ ✮ ✩ ★ ★ ✮ ✣
✰
✣
✰
★ ✧
✲
✪
❧
✮ ✪ ★ ✮ ✪ ✧ ★ ✮ ✪ ✯ ✦ ✬ ✬ ✣
✰
✣ ✦ ✢ ✣
✰
✪ ✬ ✩
✰
★ ✣ ✯ ✦ ✧ ✣ ✢ ✪ ✬ ✩
✰
★ ✣ ✯
✵ ❡
✢ ✪ ✬ ✩
✰
★ ✣ ✯ ✯ ✦ ✬ ✬ ✣
✰
✣ ✦ ✢
✰ ✸
★ ✮ ✪ ✧ ✪ ✣
✰
✩
✰
✪ ✯ ✦ ✢
✴
✯ ✦ ✢
✴
✣ ★ ✣ ✦ ✢ ★ ✮ ✩ ★ ★ ✮ ✪ ★ ✦ ★ ✩ ✬ ✣ ✢ ✣ ★ ✣ ✩ ✬
❈
✣ ✢ ✪ ★ ✣ ✯
✪ ✢ ✪ ✧
❣ r
✦ ✭ ★ ✮ ✪
✰ r ✰
★ ✪ ✤ ✪ ❳
✲
✩ ✬
✰
★ ✮ ✪ ★ ✦ ★ ✩ ✬ ✭ ✣ ✢ ✩ ✬
❈
✣ ✢ ✪ ★ ✣ ✯
✪ ✢ ✪ ✧
❣ r ❅ ✼
✪ ✪
✶
✮ ✩ ✥ ★ ✪ ✧
❩ ❜ ✵
❬
✜
❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❛ ❵ ❝ ❞ ❵ ❴ ❢ ❤ ✐ ❥ ❦ ❥ ❞
❚
❵ ♠ ❛ ❪
♥ ❳
✲
✣ ✬ ✣
✳
✧ ✣
✲
✤ ✦ ✭ ✩ ✥ ✩ ✧ ★ ✣ ✯ ✬ ✪ ✣ ✢ ✤ ✪ ✯ ✮ ✩ ✢ ✣ ✯
✰
✧ ✪ ✭ ✪ ✧
✰
★ ✦
★ ✮ ✪
✰
✣ ★
✲
✩ ★ ✣ ✦ ✢
❧
✮ ✪ ✢ ★ ✮ ✪ ✢ ✪ ★ ✪ ✫ ★ ✪ ✧ ✢ ✩ ✬ ✭ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✪ ✦ ✢ ★ ✮ ✪
✥ ✩ ✧ ★ ✣ ✯ ✬ ✪ ✣
✰
q ✪ ✧ ✦
✵
s ❆ ✯ ✯ ✦ ✧
✴
✣ ✢
❣
★ ✦ ★ ✮ ✪ ✭ ✣ ✧
✰
★ ✬ ✩
❧ ✸
★ ✮ ✣
✰
✤ ✪ ✩ ✢
✰
★ ✮ ✩ ★
✸
★ ✮ ✪ ✥ ✩ ✧ ★ ✣ ✯ ✬ ✪ ✣
✰
✪ ✣ ★ ✮ ✪ ✧ ✩ ★ ✧ ✪
✰
★ ✦ ✧ ✣ ✢
✲
✢ ✣ ✭ ✦ ✧ ✤ ✤ ✦ ★ ✣ ✦ ✢
✵
❡
✭ ★
❧
✦ ✭ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✪
✰ ✐
✉
✩ ✢
✴ ✐
✈
✸
✩ ✯ ★ ✦ ✢ ✩ ✥ ✩ ✧ ★ ✣ ✯ ✬ ✪
✸
✪ ❳
✲
✣ ✬ ✣
✳
✧ ✣
✲
✤ ✧ ✪ ❳
✲
✣ ✧ ✪
✰
✐
✉
✇ ① ✐
✈
❅ ❱ ✵ ② ③ ❜
✣
✵
✪
✵
★ ✮ ✪ ★
❧
✦ ✭ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✪
✰
✦ ✢ ★ ✮ ✪ ✥ ✩ ✧ ★ ✣ ✯ ✬ ✪ ✤
✲ ✰
★
✳
✪ ✪ ❳
✲
✩ ✬
✩ ✢
✴
✦ ✥ ✥ ✦
✰
✣ ★ ✪
✵
♥ ❳
✲
✣ ✬ ✣
✳
✧ ✣
✲
✤
✲
✢
✴
✪ ✧ ★ ✮ ✧ ✪ ✪
✯ ✦ ✢ ✯
✲
✧ ✧ ✪ ✢ ★ ✭ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✪
✰ ✐
✉
✸ ✐
✈
✩ ✢
✴ ✐
④
✧ ✪ ❳
✲
✣ ✧ ✪
✰
★ ✮ ✩ ★
★ ✮ ✪
✱
✪ ✯ ★ ✦ ✧
✰ ✲
✤ ✦ ✭ ★ ✮ ✪ ★ ✮ ✧ ✪ ✪ ✭ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✪
✰
✣
✰
q ✪ ✧ ✦
✵
✐
✉
⑤ ✐
✈
⑤ ✐
④
✇ ③ ❅ ❱ ✵ ② ② ❜
⑥ ⑦⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ⑩ ❷ ❸ ⑩ ⑨ ❹ ❺❻ ❼ ❷ ❺ ❽ ❿ ❸ ➀ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❸ ➀ ➁ ➂ ❺ ➃ ❺➂ ❶ ❿ ➃ ❸ ❼ ➂ ➁ ❶ ❼ ➃ ⑩ ❺➂ ❼ ❶ ➀ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ⑩ ❷ ❸ ⑩ ⑨ ❹ ➄ ➅ ➀❸ ❺ ➂ ➀ ➃ ➀ ➆ ➃ ➀❸ ➂ ❼ ❶ ❻❺❸ ➇ ➀➈ ❷ ⑨ ➃ ❼ ❶ ➁ ❺ ❸ ❺ ➃❼ ➃ ⑩ ❺➂ ❼ ❶
➀ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ⑩ ❷ ❸ ⑩ ⑨ ❹ ➄ ➅ ➀❸ ❺ ➂ ➀ ➃ ➀➆ ➃ ➀❸ ➂ ❼ ❶ ➃ ❺❸ ⑧ ⑨ ➀➈ ➉ ❼ ➁ ➊➀ ➁ ➋ ❼ ❶ ❶ ➁ ➀➀ ⑩ ➂ ➌ ➋ ❼ ➍ ➃ ➀❸ ➎ ➏
➐ ➑ ➒ ➓ ➔➓→ ⑦⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ⑩ ❷ ❸ ⑩ ⑨ ❹ ⑨ ➂ ❽ ➀❸ ➇ ❺➂ ➇ ⑨ ❸ ❸ ➀➂ ➃ ❻❺❸ ➇ ➀ ➁➏
❡
✢ ✦ ★ ✮ ✪ ✧
❧
✦ ✧
✴ ✰ ✸
★ ✮ ✪ ✧ ✪
✰ ✲
✬ ★ ✩ ✢ ★ ✦ ✭ ✩ ✢
r
★
❧
✦ ✭ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✪
✰
✰
✩
r ✐
✉
✩ ✢
✴ ✐
✈
✸
✦
✳
★ ✩ ✣ ✢ ✪
✴ ✳ r
★ ✮ ✪ ✥ ✩ ✧ ✩ ✬ ✬ ✪ ✬ ✦
❣
✧ ✩ ✤
✬ ✩
❧
✦ ✭ ✭ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✪
✰
✤
✲ ✰
★
✳
✪ ✪ ❳
✲
✩ ✬ ✩ ✢
✴
✦ ✥ ✥ ✦
✰
✣ ★ ✪ ★ ✦ ★ ✮ ✪
★ ✮ ✣ ✧
✴
✭ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✪
✸ ✐
④
✵
❆
✰ ✰
✪ ✪ ✢ ✣ ✢
➣
✣
❣ ✵ ❱ ✵ ↔ ✸
★ ✮ ✪ ★ ✮ ✧ ✪ ✪
✭ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✪
✰
✣ ✢ ✪ ❳
✲
✣ ✬ ✣
✳
✧ ✣
✲
✤ ✯ ✩ ✢
✳
✪ ✧ ✪ ✥ ✧ ✪
✰
✪ ✢ ★ ✪
✴ ✳ r
★ ✮ ✪
✰
✣
✴
✪
✰
✦ ✭ ✩ ★ ✧ ✣ ✩ ✢
❣
✬ ✪
❧
✣ ★ ✮ ★ ✮ ✪
✱
✪ ✯ ★ ✦ ✧ ✩ ✧ ✧ ✦
❧ ✰
★ ✩
❈
✪ ✢
✣ ✢ ★ ✮ ✪
✰
✩ ✤ ✪
✰
✪ ✢
✰
✪
✵
✺ ✮ ✪ ✧ ✪
✰ ✲
✬ ★ ✯ ✩ ✢
✳
✪
❣
✪ ✢ ✪ ✧ ✩ ✬ ✣
✰
✪
✴
★ ✦ ✩ ✢
r
✢
✲
✤
✳
✪ ✧ ✦ ✭ ✭ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✪
✰ ✵
❆ ✥ ✩ ✧ ★ ✣ ✯ ✬ ✪
✣
✰
✣ ✢ ✪ ❳
✲
✣ ✬ ✣
✳
✧ ✣
✲
✤
✲
✢
✴
✪ ✧ ★ ✮ ✪ ✩ ✯ ★ ✣ ✦ ✢ ✦ ✭ ✭ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✪
✰ ✐
✉
✸
✐
✈
✸ ✵ ✵ ✵ ✐
↕
✣ ✭ ★ ✮ ✪
r
✯ ✩ ✢
✳
✪ ✧ ✪ ✥ ✧ ✪
✰
✪ ✢ ★ ✪
✴ ✳ r
★ ✮ ✪
✰
✣
✴
✪
✰
✦ ✭ ✩ ✯ ✬ ✦
✰
✪
✴
✢
➙ ✰
✣
✴
✪
✴
✥ ✦ ✬
r ❣
✦ ✢
❧
✣ ★ ✮ ✩ ✧ ✧ ✦
❧ ✰ ✴
✣ ✧ ✪ ✯ ★ ✪
✴
✣ ✢ ★ ✮ ✪
✰
✩ ✤ ✪
✰
✪ ✢
✰
✪
✵
♥ ❳
✲
✩ ★ ✣ ✦ ✢
❅ ❱ ✵ ② ② ❜
✣ ✤ ✥ ✬ ✣ ✪
✰
★ ✮ ✩ ★
➛
➜ ➝
➞ ➛
➟ ➝
➞ ➛
➠ ➝
➡
③
➛
➜ ➢
➞ ➛
➟ ➢
➞ ➛
➠ ➢
➡
③
➛
➜
➤
➞ ➛
➟
➤
➞ ➛
➠
➤
➡
③ ❅ ❱ ✵ ② ➥ ❜
❧
✮ ✪ ✧ ✪ ➛
✉
➦
✸
➛
✉
➧
✩ ✢
✴
➛
✉
➨
✩ ✧ ✪ ★ ✮ ✪ ✯ ✦ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✢ ✪ ✢ ★
✰
✦ ✭ ➛
✉
✩ ✬ ✦ ✢
❣ ➩ ✸ ➫
✩ ✢
✴ ➭ ✴
✣ ✧ ✪ ✯ ★ ✣ ✦ ✢
✰
✧ ✪
✰
✥ ✪ ✯ ★ ✣
✱
✪ ✬
r ✵
➯ ➲ ➳ ➵ ➸ ➺ ➻ ➼ ➽ ➾
✼
✪ ✪
➣
✣
❣ ✵ ❱ ✵
➚ ❆ ✤ ✩
✰ ✰
✦ ✭
❩ ❈ ❣
✣
✰ ✰ ✲ ✰
✥ ✪ ✢
✴
✪
✴ ✳ r
✩ ✧ ✦ ✥ ✪ ✦ ✭ ✬ ✪ ✢
❣
★ ✮
➥
✤
✭ ✧ ✦ ✤ ★ ✮ ✪ ✯ ✪ ✣ ✬ ✣ ✢
❣ ✵
❆ ✭ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✪ ✦ ✭
❱ ③
❨ ✣ ✢ ★ ✮ ✪
✮ ✦ ✧ ✣ q ✦ ✢ ★ ✩ ✬
✴
✣ ✧ ✪ ✯ ★ ✣ ✦ ✢ ✣
✰
✩ ✥ ✥ ✬ ✣ ✪
✴
✩ ★ ★ ✮ ✪ ✤ ✣
✴ ➙
✥ ✦ ✣ ✢ ★ ➪ ✦ ✭ ★ ✮ ✪ ✧ ✦ ✥ ✪
✸
✩
✰ ✰
✮ ✦
❧
✢
✵
➶ ✮ ✩ ★ ✣
✰
★ ✮ ✪
✩ ✢
❣
✬ ✪ ★ ✮ ✪ ✧ ✦ ✥ ✪ ✤ ✩
❈
✪
✰ ❧
✣ ★ ✮ ★ ✮ ✪
✱
✪ ✧ ★ ✣ ✯ ✩ ✬ ✣ ✢
✪ ❳
✲
✣ ✬ ✣
✳
✧ ✣
✲
✤ ➹
❅
✺ ✩
❈
✪ ➘
✇ ② ③
✤
✰
➴ ✈
❜ ✵
❨✪
❣
✬ ✪ ✯ ★
★ ✮ ✪ ✤ ✩
✰ ✰
✦ ✭ ★ ✮ ✪ ✧ ✦ ✥ ✪
✵
➷ ➬ ➮ ➷ ➱ ➮ ➷ ✃ ➮
➐ ➑ ➒ ➓ ➔➓
❐
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✆
❆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✥ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✛ ✘ ✜ ✢ ✘ ✗ ✏
❢ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✣ ✕ ✜ ✙ ✤ ✙ ☛ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✗ ✦ ✏ ✒ ✥ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ☛ ✏ ✧ ★ ✎ ❢ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✣ ✕ ✜ ✙ ✤
✙ ☛ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✗ ✦ ✜ ❢ ❞ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✥ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✖ ☛ ✏ ✧ ★ ✎ ❢ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✣ ✕ ✜ ✙ ✤
✙ ☛ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✗ ✦ ✜ ❢ ✩ ✜ ☛ ✘ ✧ ✪ ✒
❈✜ ✘ ✏ ☛ ✙ ✎ ✍ ✧ ★ ✎ ✎ ✫ ✌ ☛ ✬ ☛ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✌ ✦ ✜ ❢ ✧ ★ ✎ ✢ ✎ ☛ ☞ ★ ✧ ❞ ✒
❈✬ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✬ ✤ ✭ ❚
✷
✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✮ ✯ ✲ ✳✒
❈ ✜ ✘ ✏ ☛ ✙ ✎ ✍ ✧ ★ ✎ ✎ ✫ ✌ ☛ ✬ ☛ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✌ ✦ ✜ ❢ ✧ ★ ✎ ✩ ✜ ☛ ✘ ✧ ✪ ✌ ✘ ✙ ✎ ✍
✧ ★ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✧ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✜ ❢ ✧ ★ ✍ ✎ ✎ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✣ ✧ ★ ✎ ✧ ✎ ✘ ✏ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✏ ❚
✴
✗ ✘ ✙
❚
✷
✭ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ★ ✎ ★ ✜ ✍ ☛
✵
✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✬ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✑ ✲ ✳ ✒
✸
★ ✎ ★ ✜ ✍ ☛
✵
✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✬
✗ ✘ ✙ ❛ ✎ ✍ ✧ ☛ ✚ ✗ ✬ ✚ ✜ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✧ ✏ ✜ ❢ ✧ ★ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✬ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✧ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎
✦ ✌ ✏ ✧ ❛ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✏ ★ ✏ ✎ ✩ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✧ ✎ ✬ ✤ ♠
❚
✴
✚ ✜ ✏
✹
✮ ❚
✷
✮ ✯ ✲ ✳
❚
✴
✏ ☛ ✘
✹
✮ ✑ ✲ ✳
✢ ★ ☛ ✚ ★ ☞ ☛ ❛ ✎ ✏ ✧ ★ ✗ ✧
✺
✻ ✻
t ✼ ♥ ♦ r t ✼ ♥ ✽ ✾
✿ ✿
❾
❀ ❁
❂ ❂ ❂
❃ ❄
❅ ❇
o
❉ ❉
✳✜ ✧ ✎ ✧ ★ ✎ ✗ ✘ ✏ ✢ ✎ ✍ ✙ ✜ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✜ ✧ ✙ ✎ ✩ ✎ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✘ ✧ ★ ✎ ✬ ✎ ✘ ☞ ✧ ★
✜ ❢ ✧ ★ ✎ ✍ ✜ ✩ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✌ ✦ ✎ ✙ ✦ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✬ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✜ ✍ ✜ ✘ ✧ ★ ✎ ✩ ✜ ☛ ✘ ✧
✗ ✧ ✢ ★ ☛ ✚ ★ ✧ ★ ✎ ★ ✜ ✍ ☛
✵
✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✬ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✗ ✩ ✩ ✬ ☛ ✎ ✙ ✒ ❊
❋ ● ❍ ■❏ ❑ ❑ ❏ ▲ ▼ ❏ ◆ ■ ❖ ◗ ❘ ▲ ❑ ❖ ■❙ ❯ ▲ ❘ ■ ◗
❱ ✘ ✦ ✎ ✚ ★ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✚ ✏ ✭ ✢ ✎ ✎ ✘ ✚ ✜ ✌ ✘ ✧ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✎ ❛ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✬ ✛ ☛ ✘ ✙ ✏ ✜ ❢
❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✒
✸
★ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✗ ❛ ☛ ✧ ✗ ✧ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✬ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✭ ✜ ❢ ✚ ✜ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✭ ✗ ✬ ✬
✩ ✎ ✍ ❛ ✗ ✏ ☛ ❛ ✎ ✒ ♣ ❛ ✎ ✍ ✤ ✜ ✕ ❲ ✎ ✚ ✧ ✜ ✘ ✧ ★ ✎ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✧ ★ ✎ ❳ ✩ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✘ ✚ ✎ ✏
✧ ★ ✎ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✜ ❢ ☞ ✍ ✗ ❛ ☛ ✧ ✤ ✙ ✌ ✎ ✧ ✜ ✧ ★ ✎ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✧ ★ ✒ ❨ ✍ ✗ ❛ ☛ ✧ ✤ ✗ ✬ ✏ ✜
☞ ✜ ❛ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✏ ✧ ★ ✎ ✦ ✜ ✧ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✜ ❢ ✚ ✎ ✬ ✎ ✏ ✧ ☛ ✗ ✬ ✕ ✜ ✙ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✒
✸
★ ✎
☞ ✍ ✗ ❛ ☛ ✧ ✗ ✧ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✬ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✚ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✚ ✧ ✗ ✧ ✗ ✙ ☛ ✏ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✎ ✢ ☛ ✧ ★ ✜ ✌ ✧
✧ ★ ✎ ✘ ✎ ✎ ✙ ✜ ❢ ✗ ✘ ✤ ☛ ✘ ✧ ✎ ✍ ❛ ✎ ✘ ☛ ✘ ☞ ✦ ✎ ✙ ☛ ✌ ✦ ✒
❩
✬ ✬ ✧ ★ ✎ ✜ ✧ ★ ✎ ✍ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✜ ✦ ✦ ✜ ✘ ☛ ✘ ✦ ✎ ✚ ★ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✚ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✎
✚ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✧ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✒
❬ ❩
✏ ✧ ★ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✦ ✎ ✏ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✧ ✏ ✭ ✗ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✧
❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✜ ✕ ❲ ✎ ✚ ✧ ✗ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✌ ✎ ✧ ✜ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✧ ✢ ☛ ✧ ★ ✏ ✜ ✦ ✎
✜ ✧ ★ ✎ ✍ ✜ ✕ ❲ ✎ ✚ ✧ ♠ ✏ ✜ ✬ ☛ ✙ ✜ ✍ ❢ ✬ ✌ ☛ ✙ ✒ ❞ ★ ✎ ✘ ✕ ✜ ✙ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✘
✚ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✧ ✔ ✎ ✒ ☞ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✜ ✜ ✛ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✧ ☛ ✘ ☞ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✧ ✗ ✕ ✬ ✎ ✭ ✗ ✏ ✤ ✏ ✧ ✎ ✦
✜ ❢ ✍ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✙ ✕ ✜ ✙ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✚ ✧ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✍ ✜ ✙ ✏ ✭ ★ ☛ ✘ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✙
✜ ✧ ★ ✎ ✍ ✧ ✤ ✩ ✎ ✏ ✜ ❢ ✏ ✌ ✩ ✩ ✜ ✍ ✧ ✏ ✖ ✭ ✧ ★ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✦ ✌ ✧ ✌ ✗ ✬
✚ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✧ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✔ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✚ ★ ✩ ✗ ☛ ✍ ✜ ❢ ✕ ✜ ✙ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✏ ✗ ✧ ☛ ✏ ❢ ✤ ☛ ✘ ☞
✧ ★ ✎ ✧ ★ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✬ ✗ ✢ ✒
✸
★ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✧ ✜ ❢ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✧ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎
✘ ✜ ✍ ✦ ✗ ✬ ✧ ✜ ✧ ★ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✍ ❢ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✘ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✧ ☛ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✬ ✬ ✎ ✙
✘ ✜ ✍ ✦ ✗ ✬ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✧ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✒
✸
★ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✧ ✩ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✬ ✬ ✎ ✬ ✧ ✜ ✧ ★ ✎
✏ ✌ ✍ ❢ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✘ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✧ ☛ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✬ ✬ ✎ ✙ ❢ ✍ ☛ ✚ ✧ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✒ ❈ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✧
❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✗ ✬ ✏ ✜ ✢ ★ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✜ ✬ ☛ ✙ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✘ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✧ ✢ ☛ ✧ ★
❢ ✬ ✌ ☛ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✥ ✜ ✍ ✎ ❳ ✗ ✦ ✩ ✬ ✎ ✭ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✜ ✬ ☛ ✙ ☛ ✦ ✦ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✙ ☛ ✘ ✗
❢ ✬ ✌ ☛ ✙ ✭ ✧ ★ ✎ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✌ ✩ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✙ ✕ ✜ ✌ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✧ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✎ ✫ ✌ ✗ ✬ ✧ ✜
✧ ★ ✎ ✢ ✎ ☛ ☞ ★ ✧ ✜ ❢ ✧ ★ ✎ ❢ ✬ ✌ ☛ ✙ ✙ ☛ ✏ ✩ ✬ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✙ ✒
✸
★ ✎ ❛ ☛ ✏ ✚ ✜ ✌ ✏
❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✭ ✗ ☛ ✍ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✎ ✭ ✎ ✧ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✬ ✏ ✜ ✎ ❳ ✗ ✦ ✩ ✬ ✎ ✏ ✜ ❢
✚ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✧ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✥ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✑ ✒
❝
✖ ✒
✸
✢ ✜ ✜ ✧ ★ ✎ ✍ ✚ ✜ ✦ ✦ ✜ ✘ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✧ ✎ ✘ ✏ ☛ ✜ ✘ ☛ ✘ ✗
✏ ✧ ✍ ☛ ✘ ☞ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✧ ★ ✎ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✙ ✌ ✎ ✧ ✜ ✏ ✩ ✍ ☛ ✘ ☞ ✒ ❞ ★ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✏ ✩ ✍ ☛ ✘ ☞
☛ ✏ ✚ ✜ ✦ ✩ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✙ ✜ ✍ ✎ ❳ ✧ ✎ ✘ ✙ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✎ ❳ ✧ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✗ ✬ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✭
✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✧ ✜ ✍ ☛ ✘ ☞ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✧ ✎ ✙ ✒
✸
★ ☛ ✏ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ☛ ✏
✌ ✏ ✌ ✗ ✬ ✬ ✤ ✩ ✍ ✜ ✩ ✜ ✍ ✧ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✬ ✧ ✜ ✧ ★ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✦ ✩ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✏ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✜ ✍
✎ ✬ ✜ ✘ ☞ ✗ ✧ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✔ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✏ ✦ ✗ ✬ ✬ ✙ ☛ ✏ ✩ ✬ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✦ ✎ ✘ ✧ ✏ ✖ ✒
✸
★ ✎ ✏ ✩ ✍ ☛ ✘ ☞
❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ❭ ☛ ✏ ✢ ✍ ☛ ✧ ✧ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✏ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ✢ ★ ✎ ✍ ✎ ❵ ☛ ✏ ✧ ★ ✎
✙ ☛ ✏ ✩ ✬ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✦ ✎ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✙ ❴ ☛ ✏ ✧ ★ ✎ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✏ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✧ ✒
✸
★ ✎
✘ ✎ ☞ ✗ ✧ ☛ ❛ ✎ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✘ ✙ ✎ ✘ ✜ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✧ ★ ✗ ✧ ✧ ★ ✎ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✜ ✩ ✩ ✜ ✏ ☛ ✧ ✎
✧ ✜ ✧ ★ ✎ ✙ ☛ ✏ ✩ ✬ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✦ ✎ ✘ ✧ ❢ ✍ ✜ ✦ ✧ ★ ✎ ✌ ✘ ✏ ✧ ✍ ✎ ✧ ✚ ★ ✎ ✙ ✏ ✧ ✗ ✧ ✎ ✒
✥ ✜ ✍ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✘ ✎ ❳ ✧ ✎ ✘ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✬ ✎ ✏ ✧ ✍ ☛ ✘ ☞ ✭ ✧ ★ ✎ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✏ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✧ ☛ ✏
❛ ✎ ✍ ✤ ★ ☛ ☞ ★ ✒
✸
★ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✧ ✜ ✍ ☛ ✘ ☞ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ☛ ✘ ✗ ✏ ✧ ✍ ☛ ✘ ☞ ☛ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✬ ✬ ✎ ✙
✧ ✎ ✘ ✏ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✒ ❱ ✧ ☛ ✏ ✚ ✌ ✏ ✧ ✜ ✦ ✗ ✍ ✤ ✧ ✜ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✏ ✧ ✗ ✘ ✧ ✧ ✎ ✘ ✏ ☛ ✜ ✘
❚ ✧ ★ ✍ ✜ ✌ ☞ ★ ✜ ✌ ✧ ✧ ★ ✎ ✏ ✧ ✍ ☛ ✘ ☞ ✒
✸
★ ☛ ✏ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✌ ✦ ✩ ✧ ☛ ✜ ✘ ☛ ✏ ✧ ✍ ✌ ✎
❢ ✜ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✧ ✍ ☛ ✘ ☞ ✜ ❢ ✘ ✎ ☞ ✬ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✕ ✬ ✎ ✦ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✒
❱ ✘ ❈★ ✗ ✩ ✧ ✎ ✍ ✱ ✭ ✢ ✎ ✬ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✧ ✧ ★ ✗ ✧ ✧ ★ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✎ ❢ ✜ ✌ ✍
❢ ✌ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✦ ✎ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✬ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✧ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✒ ❜ ❢ ✧ ★ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✭ ✧ ★ ✎ ✢ ✎ ✗ ✛
✗ ✘ ✙ ✏ ✧ ✍ ✜ ✘ ☞ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✩ ✩ ✎ ✗ ✍ ☛ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✦ ✗ ☛ ✘ ✏ ✧ ★ ✗ ✧ ✙ ✜ ✘ ✜ ✧
✚ ✜ ✘ ✚ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✌ ✏ ★ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✒ ❜ ✘ ✬ ✤ ✧ ★ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✗ ❛ ☛ ✧ ✗ ✧ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✬ ✗ ✘ ✙
✎ ✬ ✎ ✚ ✧ ✍ ☛ ✚ ✗ ✬ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✬ ✎ ❛ ✗ ✘ ✧ ☛ ✘ ✧ ★ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✎ ❳ ✧ ✜ ❢
✦ ✎ ✚ ★ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✚ ✏ ✒
✸
★ ✎ ✙ ☛ ❢ ❢ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✘ ✧ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✧ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✜ ❢
✦ ✎ ✚ ★ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✚ ✏ ✦ ✎ ✘ ✧ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✎ ✙ ✗ ✕ ✜ ❛ ✎ ❢ ✌ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✦ ✎ ✘ ✧ ✗ ✬ ✬ ✤ ✗ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✎
❢ ✍ ✜ ✦ ✎ ✬ ✎ ✚ ✧ ✍ ☛ ✚ ✗ ✬ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✒
✸
★ ☛ ✏ ✦ ✗ ✤ ✏ ✎ ✎ ✦ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✩ ✍ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✘ ☞
❬
❡ ❣ ❤ ✐ ❣ ❥ ❦❧ q ❦ ❥ s✉ ✈ ❣ ✐ ✉ ❥ ✇ ① ② ❦✐ s✉ ③④ ⑤ ✉ q ✉ ❧⑥ ① q ⑦ ❤ ✐ ✇ ❣✈ ❤ ❥ ✈ ③❤ ✇ ❥ ❣ ❧ ✉ q ⑧ ❦ ✈ ✉ ❣s ⑨ ⑩ ❦✐ ❧⑦ ❣ s❣① ⑧ ❣s✉ ✈ ❣s ✇ ✐ ❤ ❶ ✉ ❧⑥ ① ❧⑦ ❣ ✐ ❣ ❤ ✐ ❣
❣⑤ ❣ q ❧✐ ✉ q ❤ ⑤ ❤ ❥ ✈ ③❤ ✇ ❥ ❣ ❧ ✉ q ❥ ❦ ❥ ❷ q ❦ ❥ ❧❤ q ❧ ② ❦ ✐ q ❣s ⑨
❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❼❻❽ ❿
❦③ ❣ ❣
➀
❤ ③④ ⑤ ❣s ❦ ② q ❦ ❥ ❧ ❤ q ❧ ② ❦✐ q ❣s ✉ ❥ ③ ❣ q ⑦ ❤ ❥ ✉ q s ⑨

▲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟ ✶ ✠ ✶
s ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ☛ ☞ ✘ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✙ ✎ ☛ ✙ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✚
♠ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✛ ✕ ✙ ✡ ✌ s ✡ ☛ ♠ ✌ ☞ ✘ ✎ ☛ ✡ ☞ s ✜ ✢ ✑ ✑ ✘ ✌ ♠ ✡ ☞ ✏ ✕ s ☞ ✕ t ✡ ☞
✒ ✌ ❧ ✌ ✒ ✣ ✎ ✒ ✒ ✛ ✕ ✙ ✡ ✌ s ✎ ✏ ✌ ♠ ✎ ✙ ✌ ✕ ✖ ☞ ✘ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✙ ☞ ✕ ☛ s ✑ ✡ ✑ ✗ ✌ ☛ ✑ s
✭ ☛ ✗ ☞ ✒ ✌ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✙ ✌ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✕ ☛ s ✤ ✎ ☛ ✙ ✑ ✘ ✌ ❧ ✎ ✏ ✡ ✕ ✗ s ☞ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✑
✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ s ✎ ✏ ✡ s ✡ ☛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✕ ✌ ✒ ✎ s ✑ ✡ ☞ ✡ ✑ ❢ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✕ ✙ ✡ ✌ s ✣ ♠ ✕ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✏
☞ ✕ ✒ ✒ ✡ s ✡ ✕ ☛ s ✎ ☛ ✙ ✡ ♠ t ✎ ☞ ✑ s ✣ ✌ ✑ ☞ ✜ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✒ ✑ ✡ ♠ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✒ ❢ ✛ ✌
✑ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✙ ✑ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✌ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✎ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ s ✛ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✌ ☞ ✘ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✙
☞ ✕ ☛ s ✑ ✡ ✑ ✗ ✌ ☛ ✑ s ✕ ✖ ✙ ✡ ✖ ✖ ✌ ✏ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✛ ✕ ✙ ✡ ✌ s ✜ ❝ ✘ ✌ ✙ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✡ ✒ ✌ ✙
♠ ✡ ☞ ✏ ✕ s ☞ ✕ t ✡ ☞ ✕ ✏ ✡ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✌ s ✌ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ s ✡ s ✣ ✘ ✕ ✍ ✌ ❧ ✌ ✏ ✣
☞ ✕ ♠ t ✒ ✌ ✥ ✎ ☛ ✙ ☛ ✕ ✑ ✗ s ✌ ✖ ✗ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✏ ✘ ✎ ☛ ✙ ✒ ✡ ☛ ✔ t ✏ ✕ ✛ ✒ ✌ ♠ s ✡ ☛
♠ ✌ ☞ ✘ ✎ ☛ ✡ ☞ s ✎ ✑ ✑ ✘ ✌ ♠ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✕ s ☞ ✕ t ✡ ☞ s ☞ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✜ ❝ ✘ ✡ s ✡ s ✍ ✘ ❢
✑ ✘ ✌ ❢ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✙ ✎ s ✙ ✡ ✖ ✖ ✌ ✏ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✑ ❢ t ✌ s ✕ ✖ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ s ✍ ✡ ✑ ✘
✑ ✘ ✌ ✡ ✏ ☞ ✘ ✎ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ s ✑ ✡ ☞ t ✏ ✕ t ✌ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✌ s ✙ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✏ ♠ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✙
✌ ♠ t ✡ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✎ ✒ ✒ ❢ ✜
✺ ✦ ✧ ✦ ★ ✩ ✪✫ ✬ ✮✫ ✯ ✰
✱ ✌ ✑ ✗ s ✏ ✌ ✑ ✗ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✌ ✥ ✎ ♠ t ✒ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✛ ✕ ✙ ❢ ✕ ✖ ♠ ✎ s s ♠
✎ ✑ ✏ ✌ s ✑ ✕ ☛ ✎ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✡ ❛ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✛ ✒ ✌ ✜ ❝ ✘ ✌ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✎ ❧ ✡ ✑ ❢
✭ ✲ ✳ ✤ ✡ s ☞ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✙ ✛ ❢ ✑ ✘ ✌ ☛ ✕ ✏ ♠ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌
✭ ✴ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✛ ✒ ✌ ✜ ✴ ✕ ✍ s ✗ t t ✕ s ✌ ✎ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ❋ ✡ s ✎ t t ✒ ✡ ✌ ✙
✘ ✕ ✏ ✡ ❛ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✒ ❢ ✑ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✛ ✕ ✙ ❢ ✜ ❤ ✌ ✓ ☛ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✏ ✕ ♠
✌ ✥ t ✌ ✏ ✡ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✎ s ♠ ✎ ✒ ✒ ✎ t t ✒ ✡ ✌ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ♠ ✎ ❢ ☛ ✕ ✑
✛ ✌ ✌ ☛ ✕ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✕ ♠ ✕ ❧ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✛ ✕ ✙ ❢ ✜ ❜✗ ✑ ✡ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✎ t t ✒ ✡ ✌ ✙
✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ❋ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✕ ☛ ✒ ❢ ✌ ✥ ✑ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✛ ✕ ✙ ❢ ✣
✡ ✑ ♠ ✗ s ✑ ♠ ✕ ❧ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✑ ✘ ✎ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ❋ ✵ ✲ ✣ ✘ ✕ ✍ ✌ ❧ ✌ ✏
s ♠ ✎ ✒ ✒ ✜ ✷✒ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✒ ❢ ✣ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✛ ✕ ✙ ❢ ✏ ✌ ♠ ✎ ✡ ☛ s ✎ ✑ ✏ ✌ s ✑ ✛ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✗ s ✌
s ✕ ♠ ✌ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✕ ♠ ✌ s ✡ ☛ ✑ ✕ t ✒ ✎ ❢ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✌
✘ ✕ ✏ ✡ ❛ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✙ ✡ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✎ ☛ ✙ ✕ t t ✕ s ✌ s ✑ ✘ ✌ ✎ t t ✒ ✡ ✌ ✙
✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ❋ ✣ ✏ ✌ s ✗ ✒ ✑ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✡ ☛ ❛ ✌ ✏ ✕ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✛ ✕ ✙ ❢ ✜
❝ ✘ ✡ s ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✸
✹
t ✎ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✑ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✌ s ✗ ✏ ✖ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✛ ✕ ✙ ❢ ✡ ☛
☞ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✛ ✒ ✌ ✡ s ✓ ☛ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✎ s ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✎ ✒
✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✣ ✕ ✏ s ✡ ♠ t ✒ ❢ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✭ ✻ ✡ ✔ ✜ ✼ ✜ ✽ ✾ ✭ ✎ ✤ ✤ ✜ ❝ ✘ ✌
s ✗ ✛ s ☞ ✏ ✡ t ✑ s ✑ ✎ ☛ ✙ s ✖ ✕ ✏ s ✑ ✎ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✕ ✙ ✡ s ✑ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✗ ✡ s ✘
✡ ✑ ✖ ✏ ✕ ♠ ✓ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✸
❦
✑ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✕ ☛ s ✡ ✙ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✏
✭ ✻ ✡ ✔ ✜ ✼ ✜ ✽ ✾ ✭ ✛ ✤ ✤ ✜ ✴ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✑ s ✑ ✎ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✙ ✕ ✌ s ☛ ✕ ✑
✿ ❀ ❁ ❂ ❃ ❂ ❄❅ ❙ ❆❇ ❆❈ ❉ ❇ ❊ ● ❍■ ❈ ● ❈ ❊ ❏ ❑▼ ❈ ❉ ❆❈ ◆ ❊ ❖ P ❇ ◗ ❘ ❚❯ ❱❊ ● ❈ ❊ ❏
❚ ◆ ❆❈ ◆ ❊ ◆ ❑ ❆❲ ❱ ❳ ◆● ❨ ❈ ❍ ◆ ❯ ❯ ◆ ❍ ❱ ● ❳ ❨ ❍ ❆ ❇ ❆❈ ❉
❑▼ ❈ ❉ ❆ ❈ ◆ ❊
❩ ❬
❲ ❱❊ ❱
❭
❆ ❱ ▼ ❊ ❇ ■ ❑ ◆▼ ❉ ❱ ❱
❭
❉ ❱❱ ● ❍ ❆❲ ❱
❚ ❇
❭
❈ ❚ ❪ ❚ ■ ❈ ❚ ❈ ❆ ◆❑ ❍ ❆❇ ❆❈ ❉ ❑▼ ❈ ❉ ❆❈ ◆ ❊ ❫ ❆ ❲ ❱ ❳ ◆● ❨
❳ ❱❏ ❈ ❊ ❍ ❆◆ ❚ ◆ ❴❱
❩
P ❳ ◗ ❵ ❊ ❉ ❱ ❆ ❲ ❱ ❳ ◆● ❨ ❈ ❍ ❈ ❊
❚◆ ❆ ❈ ◆ ❊ ❫ ❈ ❆ ❈ ❍ ❍❪ ❳
❞
❱❉ ❆ ❆ ◆ ❍ ■ ❈ ● ❈ ❊ ❏ ◆ ▼
❡
❈ ❊ ❱❆ ❈ ❉ ❑▼ ❈ ❉ ❆ ❈ ◆ ❊
✇❲ ❈ ❉ ❲ ◆ ❯ ❯ ◆ ❍❱❍ ▼ ❱■ ❇ ❆❈ ❴❱ ❚ ◆❆❈ ◆ ❊ ❳ ❱ ❆ ✇❱ ❱❊ ❆ ❲ ❱
❆ ✇ ◆ ❍ ❪ ▼ ❑❇ ❉ ❱❍ ❈ ❊ ❉ ◆ ❊ ❆❇ ❉ ❆
❩
❣ ❈ ❊ ❱ ❆ ❈ ❉ ❑▼ ❈ ❉ ❆❈ ◆ ❊ ❈ ❍
❪ ❍❪ ❇ ■ ■ ❨ ■ ❱ ❍ ❍ ❆ ❲ ❇ ❊ ❆ ❲ ❱ ❚❇
❭
❈ ❚❪ ❚ ❴❇ ■ ❪ ❱ ◆ ❑ ❍❆ ❇ ❆ ❈ ❉
❑ ▼ ❈ ❉ ❆❈ ◆ ❊
❩
✌ ✥ ✡ s ✑ ✛ ❢ ✡ ✑ s ✌ ✒ ✖ ✜ ❤ ✘ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✡ s ☛ ✕ ✎ t t ✒ ✡ ✌ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✣
✑ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✡ s ☛ ✕ s ✑ ✎ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✜ ✐ ✑ ☞ ✕ ♠ ✌ s ✡ ☛ ✑ ✕ t ✒ ✎ ❢ ✑ ✘ ✌
♠ ✕ ♠ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✡ s ✎ ☛ ✎ t t ✒ ✡ ✌ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✜ ✢ s ✑ ✘ ✌ ✎ t t ✒ ✡ ✌ ✙
✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ❋ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✌ ✎ s ✌ s ✣ ✸
✹
✎ ✒ s ✕ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✌ ✎ s ✌ s ✣ ✏ ✌ ♠ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✔
✌ ❥ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✎ ☛ ✙ ✕ t t ✕ s ✡ ✑ ✌ ✑ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✎ t t ✒ ✡ ✌ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✭ ✗ t ✑ ✕ ✎
☞ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✡ ♠ ✡ ✑ ✤ ✣ ✓ ✌ ✌ t ✡ ☛ ✔ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✛ ✕ ✙ ❢ ✎ ✑ ✏ ✌ s ✑ ✜
♥
✌ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✣ ✡ ✑
✡ s ☞ ✎ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✙ ♦
✮
♣
✮✫ ✬
q
✪✫ ✬ ✮✫ ✯ ✰
✜ r ✑ ✎ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✕ t t ✕ s ✌ s
✫
✉ ✈ ①
✰
②
✫ ✰
③ ✉
✯ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✰
✜ ❝ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✏ ♠ ✡ ♠ t ✌ ☛ ✙ ✡ ☛ ✔ ♠ ✕ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛
♠ ✌ ✎ ☛ s ♠ ✕ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✌ t ✒ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✭ ✛ ✗ ✑ ✙ ✕ ✌ s
☛ ✕ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✒ ❢ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✌ t ✒ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✤ ✗ ☛ ✙ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✎ t t ✒ ✡ ✌ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✣
✡ ✖ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✛ s ✌ ☛ ✑ ✜
❤ ✌ ✓ ☛ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✏ ✕ ♠ ✌ ✥ t ✌ ✏ ✡ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✎ s ✑ ✘ ✌ ✎ t t ✒ ✡ ✌ ✙
✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✥ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✙ s ✎ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✡ ♠ ✡ ✑ ✣ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✛ ✕ ✙ ❢ ✛ ✌ ✔ ✡ ☛ s ✑ ✕
♠ ✕ ❧ ✌ ✜ ✐ ✑ ✡ s ✖ ✕ ✗ ☛ ✙ ✌ ✥ t ✌ ✏ ✡ ♠ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✒ ❢ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✒ ✡ ♠ ✡ ✑ ✡ ☛ ✔
❧ ✎ ✒ ✗ ✌ ✕ ✖ s ✑ ✎ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛
④ ⑤
⑥ ⑦ ⑧
⑨
⑩
✡ s ✡ ☛ ✙ ✌ t ✌ ☛ ✙ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✕ ✖
✑ ✘ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✖ ☞ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✙ ❧ ✎ ✏ ✡ ✌ s ✍ ✡ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✘ ✌ ☛ ✕ ✏ ♠ ✎ ✒
✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ❶❷ ❸ ✎ t t ✏ ✕ ✥ ✡ ♠ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✒ ❢ ✎ s ❹
❺ ❻
❼ ❽ ❾
❿
➀ ➀
➁ ➭➂
✭ ✼ ✜ ✽ ➃ ✤
✍ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✌
➄
➅
✡ s ✎ ☞ ✕ ☛ s ✑ ✎ ☛ ✑ ✕ ✖ t ✏ ✕ t ✕ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✡ ✑ ❢
✙ ✌ t ✌ ☛ ✙ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✕ ☛ ✒ ❢ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✌ ☛ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✌ s ✗ ✏ ✖ ✎ ☞ ✌ s ✡ ☛
☞ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✜ ❝ ✘ ✌ ☞ ✕ ☛ s ✑ ✎ ☛ ✑
➄
➅
✡ s ☞ ✎ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✙ ✑ ✘ ✌ ☞ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✑
✕ ✖ s ✑ ✎ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✜ ❝ ✘ ✌ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✖ s ✑ ✎ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ♠ ✎ ❢
✑ ✘ ✗ s ✛ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✡ ✑ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✎ s
✸
➅
➆
➄
➅
✴ ✭ ✼ ✜ ✽ ➇ ✤
✐ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✎ t t ✒ ✡ ✌ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ❋ ✌ ✥ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✙ s
④ ⑤
⑥ ⑦ ⑧
⑨
⑩
✑ ✘ ✌ ✛ ✕ ✙ ❢
✛ ✌ ✔ ✡ ☛ s ✑ ✕ s ✒ ✡ ✙ ✌ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✌ s ✗ ✏ ✖ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✜ ✐ ✑ ✡ s ✖ ✕ ✗ ☛ ✙
✌ ✥ t ✌ ✏ ✡ ♠ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✒ ❢ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✘ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✡ ❧ ✌ ♠ ✕ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✘ ✎ s
s ✑ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✙ ✣ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✙ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✌ ✎ s ✌ s ✖ ✏ ✕ ♠ ✑ ✘ ✌
s ✑ ✎ ✑ ✡ ☞ ♠ ✎ ✥ ✡ ♠ ✗ ♠ ❧ ✎ ✒ ✗ ✌
➈ ➉
➊➋ ➌
➍
➎
✜ ✻ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌
✑ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✕ t t ✕ s ✌ s ✏ ✌ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✡ ❧ ✌ ♠ ✕ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✛ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✌ ☛ s ✗ ✏ ✖ ✎ ☞ ✌ s
✡ ☛ ☞ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✡ s ☞ ✎ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✙ ✓ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✕ ✏ s ✒ ✡ ✙ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✎ ☛ ✙
✡ s ✙ ✌ ☛ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✙ ✛ ❢ ✸
➏
✜
➐
✡ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✣ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✌ s ✑ ✎ ✑ ✡ ☞
✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✣ ✡ s ✖ ✕ ✗ ☛ ✙ ✑ ✕ ✛ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✙ ✌ t ✌ ☛ ✙ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✎
✕ ✖ ☞ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✜ ✻ ✗ ✏ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✣ ✡ ✑ ✡ s ☛ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✒ ❢ ✡ ☛ ✙ ✌ t ✌ ☛ ✙ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✕ ✖
✑ ✘ ✌ ❧ ✌ ✒ ✕ ☞ ✡ ✑ ❢ ✜ ✐ ✑ s ✎ ✑ ✡ s ✖ ✡ ✌ s ✎ ✒ ✎ ✍ s ✡ ♠ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✖ ✕ ✏
s ✑ ✎ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ❹
➑ ➑
➒ ➓ ➔ → ✭ ✼ ✜ ✽ ✼ ✤
✍ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✌
➄
➣ ↔
✑ ✘ ✌ ☞ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✣
✙ ✌ t ✌ ☛ ✙ s ✕ ☛ ✒ ❢ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✌ s ✗ ✏ ✖ ✎ ☞ ✌ s ✡ ☛ ☞ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✜ ✢ s
♠ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✌ ✙ ✎ ✛ ✕ ❧ ✌ ✣ ✌ ✥ t ✌ ✏ ✡ ♠ ✌ ☛ ✑ s s ✘ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✑
➄
➣
✡ s
✒ ✌ s s ✑ ✘ ✎ ☛
➄
↕
✜ ❤ ✘ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✡ ❧ ✌ ♠ ✕ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✘ ✎ s ✛ ✌ ✔ ✗ ☛ ✣
✑ ✘ ✌ ✎ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✛ ✕ ✙ ❢ ✎ ☞ ☞ ✕ ✏ ✙ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✑ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✌
r ✌ ☞ ✕ ☛ ✙ ✱ ✎ ✍ ✡ s ❶ ❋ ➙ ✸
➣
❸ ✵ ✲ ➛ ✻ ✕ ✏ ✎ ✛ ✕ ✙ ❢ ♠ ✕ ❧ ✡ ☛ ✔
✍ ✡ ✑ ✘ ☞ ✕ ☛ s ✑ ✎ ☛ ✑ ❧ ✌ ✒ ✕ ☞ ✡ ✑ ❢ ✣ ❋
➜
✸
➣
✜ ✐ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✎ t t ✒ ✡ ✌ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌
✕ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✛ ✕ ✙ ❢ ✡ s ✏ ✌ ♠ ✕ ❧ ✌ ✙ ✣ ✡ ✑ s ✎ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✡ s ➙ ✸
➣
✵
✲ ✎ ☛ ✙ ✡ ✑ ✌ ❧ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✒ ❢ ☞ ✕ ♠ ✌ s ✑ ✕ ✎ s ✑ ✕ t ✜
❝ ✘ ✌ ✒ ✎ ✍ s ✕ ✖ ✖ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✔ ✡ ❧ ✌ ☛ ✎ ✛ ✕ ❧ ✌ ✙ ✕ ☛ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✎ ❧ ✌
✑ ✘ ✌ s ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ s ✕ ✖ ✖ ✗ ☛ ✙ ✎ ♠ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✒ ✎ ✍ s ✒ ✡ ✓ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✕ s ✌ ✖ ✕ ✏
✔ ✏ ✎ ❧ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✣ ✌ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✙ ♠ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✖ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✌ s ✜ ❝ ✘ ✌ ❢
✎ ✏ ✌ ✌ ♠ t ✡ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✡ ✕ ☛ s ✑ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✕ ☛ ✒ ❢
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
✞
✞
❛ ✟ ✟ ✠ ♦ ✡ ☛ ☞ ❛ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✏ ❛ ✠ ✍ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✗
✟ ✠ ❛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♣ ❛ ✎ ♣ ❛ ✎ ♣ ✑ ✎ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ✕ ☛ ✗ ☞ ✍ ♣ ❡ ❛ ✗ ☛ ♣ ✕ ✒
❚ ❡ ✑ ✕ ✘ ✙ ❡ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✙ ♦ ✚ ♦ ✛ ☛ ✍ ✕ ❛ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✗ ♣ ♦ ✗ ✌ ❛ ♣ ✌ ✘ ✍ ❛ ♣ ❡
✍ ✡ ✟ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✍ ✗ ♣ ✍ ✕ ❛ ♣ ♦ ✗ ✌ ❛ ♣ ✌ ✖ ♦ ✠ ♣ ✍ ✚ ✏ ✌ ❡ ✍ ♦ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✳ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ✘
✚ ✏ ✛ ✍ ✖ ☛ ✗ ☛ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✕ ✌ ❡ ✍ ♣ ♦ ☞ ✟ ♦ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✌ ♦ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✍ ♣ ♦ ✗ ✌ ❛ ♣ ✌ ✖ ♦ ✠ ♣ ✍
✟ ❛ ✠ ❛ ✎ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✌ ♦ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✠ ✖ ❛ ♣ ✍ ✕ ☛ ✗ ♣ ♦ ✗ ✌ ❛ ♣ ✌ ✘ ✙ ❡ ☛ ♣ ❡ ♦ ✟ ✟ ♦ ✕ ✍ ✕
☛ ☞ ✟ ✍ ✗ ✛ ☛ ✗
✐
♦ ✠ ❛ ♣ ✌ ✑ ❛ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✎ ❛ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✍ ☞ ♦ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ✚ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✍ ✍ ✗ ✌ ❡ ✍
✌ ✙ ♦ ✕ ✑ ✠ ✖ ❛ ♣ ✍ ✕ ✒ t ♦ ✌ ✍ ✌ ❡ ❛ ✌ ☛ ✌ ☛ ✕ ✗ ♦ ✌ ☞ ♦ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✑ ✌
r ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✜ ✧ ★ ✤ ✥ ★ ✩
✌ ❡ ❛ ✌ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✖ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ❛ ✎ ✖ ♦ ✠ ♣ ✍ ♦ ✟ ✟ ♦ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✒
❈
♦ ✗ ✕ ☛ ✛ ✍ ✠ ❛ ✚ ♦ ✡ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✗
✐
☛ ✗ ✌ ❡ ✍ ♣ ♦ ☞ ✟ ❛ ✠ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✗ ✌ ♦ ✖ ❛ ✌ ✠ ❛ ☛ ✗
✌ ❡ ❛ ✌ ☛ ✕ ❛ ♣ ♣ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✠ ❛ ✌ ☛ ✗
✐
✒
✪
✖ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✚ ♦ ✡ ☛ ✕ ✕ ✌ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ❛ ✠ ✏
✠ ✍ ✎ ❛ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✍ ✌ ♦ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✠ ❛ ☛ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✌ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✗ ✖ ❛ ♣ ✌ ❛ ♣ ♣ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✠ ❛ ✌ ☛ ✗
✐
❛ ✎ ♦ ✗
✐
✙ ☛ ✌ ❡ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✠ ❛ ☛ ✗ ✒ ✇ ❡ ❛ ✌ ✖ ♦ ✠ ♣ ✍ ✕ ♣ ❛ ✑ ✕ ✍ ✌ ❡ ✍ ❛ ♣ ♣ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✠ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗
♦ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✚ ♦ ✡
✫ ❈
✎ ✍ ❛ ✠ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✌ ❡ ✍ ♦ ✗ ✎ ✏ ♣ ♦ ✗ ♣ ✍ ☛ ✔ ❛ ✚ ✎ ✍ ✖ ♦ ✠ ♣ ✍ ☛ ✗
✌ ❡ ✍ ❡ ♦ ✠ ☛ ✬ ♦ ✗ ✌ ❛ ✎ ✛ ☛ ✠ ✍ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ☛ ✕ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✖ ♦ ✠ ♣ ✍ ♦ ✖ ✖ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ✒
✪
✖
✌ ❡ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✙ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✗ ♦ ✖ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ✘ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✖ ✎ ♦ ♦ ✠ ♦ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✠ ❛ ☛ ✗ ✙ ♦ ✑ ✎ ✛
✕ ✎ ☛ ✟ ✚ ✏ ❛ ✗ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✚ ♦ ✡ ✙ ♦ ✑ ✎ ✛ ✠ ✍ ☞ ❛ ☛ ✗ ❛ ✌ ☛ ✌ ✕ ☛ ✗ ☛ ✌ ☛ ❛ ✎
✟ ♦ ✕ ☛ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ✛ ✑ ✍ ✌ ♦ ☛ ✗ ✍ ✠ ✌ ☛ ❛ ✭ ❛ ✗ ✛ ❡ ☛ ✌ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✚ ❛ ♣ ✮ ✕ ☛ ✛ ✍ ♦ ✖
✌ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✠ ❛ ☛ ✗ ✯ ✒ ❚ ❡ ☛ ✕ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✍ ✗ ✛ ☛ ✗
✐
✠ ✍ ✎ ❛ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✍ ☞ ♦ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ☛ ✕
♦ ✟ ✟ ♦ ✕ ✍ ✛ ✚ ✏ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✕ ✌ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♣ ✖ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ❢
s
✒ ✰ ✌ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♣ ✖ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗
✟ ✠ ♦ ✔ ☛ ✛ ✍ ✕ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✕ ❛ ☞ ✍ ❛ ♣ ♣ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✠ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ✌ ♦ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✚ ♦ ✡ ❛ ✕ ✌ ❡ ❛ ✌
♦ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✠ ❛ ☛ ✗ ✘ ✮ ✍ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✗
✐
☛ ✌ ✕ ✌ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ❛ ✠ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✎ ❛ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✍ ✌ ♦ ✌ ❡ ✍
✌ ✠ ❛ ☛ ✗ ✒
❊ ✱ ✲ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✸ ✹ ✺ ✻ ❉
✍ ✌ ✍ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✗ ✍ ✌ ❡ ✍ ☞ ❛ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✑ ☞
❛ ♣ ♣ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✠ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ♦ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✠ ❛ ☛ ✗ ☛ ✗ ✙ ❡ ☛ ♣ ❡ ❛ ✚ ♦ ✡
✎ ✏ ☛ ✗
✐
♦ ✗ ☛ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✎ ♦ ♦ ✠ ✙ ☛ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✍ ☞ ❛ ☛ ✗ ✕ ✌ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ❛ ✠ ✏ ✘
✐
☛ ✔ ✍ ✗ ✌ ❡ ❛ ✌ ✌ ❡ ✍ ♣ ♦
❣
✍ ✖ ✖ ☛ ♣ ☛ ✍ ✗ ✌ ♦ ✖ ✕ ✌ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♣ ✖ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗
✚ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✍ ✍ ✗ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✚ ♦ ✡ ❛ ✗ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✠ ❛ ☛ ✗
❜
✕ ✖ ✎ ♦ ♦ ✠ ☛ ✕
✼
✒
✽ ✾
✒
❆ ✿ ❀ ❁ ✸ ❂
✰ ☛ ✗ ♣ ✍ ✌ ❡ ✍ ❛ ♣ ♣ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✠ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ♦ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✚ ♦ ✡ ☛ ✕ ✛ ✑ ✍
✌ ♦ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✕ ✌ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♣ ✖ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ✘
♠ ❃ ❄
❢
s
❅ ➭
s
❇ ❄ ➭
s
♠ ❋
●❍ ■ ❍ ❃ ❅ ➭
s
❋
❏ ❃
❑ ▲ ▼
❄ ➭
s
❋ ❄ ✼
✒
✽ ✾
✡
✽ ✼
☞ ✕
➊ ◆
❖ ✽
✒
✾
☞ ✕
➊ ◆
◗
❊ ✱ ✲ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✸ ✹ ✺ ❘
✰ ✍ ✍ ✳ ☛
✐
✒
✾
✒
✽ ✽
✒
❙
☞ ❛ ✕ ✕ ♦ ✖
❯
✮
✐
✠ ✍ ✕ ✌ ✕ ♦ ✗ ❛ ❡ ♦ ✠ ☛ ✬ ♦ ✗ ✌ ❛ ✎ ✟ ✎ ❛ ✗ ✍ ✒ ❚ ❡ ✍ ✟ ✎ ❛ ✗ ✍ ☛ ✕
✐
✠ ❛ ✛ ✑ ❛ ✎ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✗ ♣ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✍ ✛ ✑ ✗ ✌ ☛ ✎ ❛ ✌ ❛ ✗ ❛ ✗
✐
✎ ✍ ❱
❖ ✽ ✾
❲
✙ ☛ ✌ ❡ ✌ ❡ ✍ ❡ ♦ ✠ ☛ ✬ ♦ ✗ ✌ ❛ ✎ ✘ ✌ ❡ ✍ ☞ ❛ ✕ ✕ ❳ ✑ ✕ ✌ ✚ ✍
✐
☛ ✗ ✕ ✌ ♦
✕ ✎ ☛ ✛ ✍ ✒ ✇ ❡ ❛ ✌ ☛ ✕ ✌ ❡ ✍ ♣ ♦ ✍ ✖ ✖ ☛ ♣ ☛ ✍ ✗ ✌ ♦ ✖ ✕ ✌ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♣ ✖ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗
✚ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✍ ✍ ✗ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✚ ✎ ♦ ♣ ✮ ❛ ✗ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✠ ✖ ❛ ♣ ✍
✫
❨ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❭ ❫❫
❆ ✿ ❀ ❁ ✸ ❂
❚ ❡ ✍ ✖ ♦ ✠ ♣ ✍ ✕ ❛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ✗
✐
♦ ✗ ❛ ✚ ✎ ♦ ♣ ✮ ♦ ✖ ☞ ❛ ✕ ✕
♠
❛ ✌ ✠ ✍ ✕ ✌ ♦ ✗ ❛ ✗ ☛ ✗ ♣ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✍ ✛ ✟ ✎ ❛ ✗ ✍ ❛ ✠ ✍ ✭ ☛ ✯ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✙ ✍ ☛
✐
❡ ✌
☞
✐
❛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ✗
✐
✔ ✍ ✠ ✌ ☛ ♣ ❛ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✛ ♦ ✙ ✗ ✙ ❛ ✠ ✛ ✕ ✭ ☛ ☛ ✯ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✗ ♦ ✠ ☞ ❛ ✎
✖ ♦ ✠ ♣ ✍
❇
♦ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✟ ✎ ❛ ✗ ✍ ♦ ✗ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✚ ✎ ♦ ♣ ✮ ✘ ❛ ✗ ✛ ✭ ☛ ☛ ☛ ✯ ✌ ❡ ✍
✕ ✌ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♣ ✖ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ❛ ✎ ✖ ♦ ✠ ♣ ✍ ❢
s
♦ ✟ ✟ ♦ ✕ ☛ ✗
✐
✌ ❡ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✍ ✗ ✛ ☛ ✗
✐
☞ ♦ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ✒
✪
✗ ✍ ❴ ✑ ☛ ✎ ☛ ✚ ✠ ☛ ✑ ☞ ✘ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✌ ❛ ✗ ✌ ♦ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✕ ✍
✖ ♦ ✠ ♣ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✑ ✕ ✌ ✚ ✍ ✬ ✍ ✠ ♦ ✒
❵
✍ ✕ ♦ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✗
✐
✌ ❡ ✍ ✙ ✍ ☛
✐
❡ ✌
♠ ❋
❛ ✎ ♦ ✗
✐
✌ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✙ ♦ ✛ ☛ ✠ ✍ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ✕ ✕ ❡ ♦ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✍ ❡ ❛ ✔ ✍
♠ ❋
✕ ☛ ✗ ❱
❄
❢
s
❝ ♠ ❋
♣ ♦ ✕ ❱
❄ ❇
❙
✕ ❱ ☛ ✗ ♣ ✠ ✍ ❛ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✘ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✖
❣
❛ ✛ ❳ ✑ ✕ ✌ ☛ ✗
✐
✖ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ❛ ✎ ✖ ♦ ✠ ♣ ✍
❢
s
☛ ✗ ♣ ✠ ✍ ❛ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✌ ☛ ✎ ❛ ✌ ❱
❄
❱
❑ ▲ ▼
✘ ❢
s
❛ ♣ ❡ ☛ ✍ ✔ ✍ ✕ ☛ ✌ ✕
☞ ❛ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✔ ❛ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✘
❞ ❤
❥ ❦ ❧
♥
q
❖ ➭
s
❇
✒
❚ ❡ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✖ ♦ ✠ ✍ ✘
✌ ❛ ✗ ❱
❑ ▲ ▼
❄ ➭
s
✉ ✈
❱
❑ ▲ ▼
❄
✌ ❛ ✗
➊
①
➭
s
✇ ❡ ✍ ✗ ❱ ✚ ✍ ♣ ♦ ☞ ✍ ✕ ❳ ✑ ✕ ✌ ❛ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✌ ✎ ✍ ☞ ♦ ✠ ✍ ✌ ❡ ❛ ✗ ❱
❑ ▲ ▼
✘
✌ ❡ ✍ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✕ ❛ ✕ ☞ ❛ ✎ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✌ ✖ ♦ ✠ ♣ ✍ ♦ ✗ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✚ ✎ ♦ ♣ ✮ ❛ ✗ ✛ ☛ ✌
✚ ✍
✐
☛ ✗ ✕ ✌ ♦ ✕ ✎ ☛ ✛ ✍ ✒ t ♦ ✌ ✍ ✌ ❡ ❛ ✌ ❱
❑ ▲ ▼
✛ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✗ ✛ ✕ ♦ ✗ ✎ ✏ ♦ ✗
②
s
❛ ✗ ✛ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✗ ✛ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✗ ✛ ✍ ✗ ✌ ♦ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✍ ☞ ❛ ✕ ✕ ♦ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✚ ✎ ♦ ♣ ✮ ✒
✳ ♦ ✠ ❱
❑ ▲ ▼
❄ ✽ ✾
❲
❝
➭
s
❄
✌ ❛ ✗
✽ ✾
❲
❖ ✼
✒
③ ④ ◗
❊ ✱ ✲ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✸ ✹ ✺
⑤ ✇ ❡ ❛ ✌ ☛ ✕ ✌ ❡ ✍ ❛ ♣ ♣ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✠ ❛ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗ ♦ ✖
✌ ❡ ✍ ✚ ✎ ♦ ♣ ✮ ❛ ✗ ✛ ✌ ✠ ♦ ✎ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✕ ❡ ♦ ✙ ✗ ☛ ✗ ❛
✳ ☛
✐
✒
✾
✒
✽ ③
✭ ❛ ✯ ✘ ☛ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✍ ♣ ♦ ✍ ✖ ✖ ☛ ♣ ☛ ✍ ✗ ✌ ♦ ✖ ✮ ☛ ✗ ✍ ✌ ☛ ♣ ✖ ✠ ☛ ♣ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✗
✚ ✍ ✌ ✙ ✍ ✍ ✗ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✠ ♦ ✎ ✎ ✍ ✏ ❛ ✗ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✠ ✖ ❛ ♣ ✍ ☛ ✕
✼
✒
✼ ❯ ✫
✇ ❡ ❛ ✌ ☛ ✕ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✗ ✕ ☛ ♦ ✗ ☛ ✗ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✕ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✗
✐ ✫
✭ ❚ ❛ ✮ ✍
✐ ❖
✽ ✼
☞ ✕
⑥
◆
✯ ✒ t✍
✐
✎ ✍ ♣ ✌ ✌ ❡ ✍ ☞ ❛ ✕ ✕ ♦ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✕ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✗
✐
✒
✭ ❛ ✯
✭ ✚ ✯ ✭ ♣ ✯
❨ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❪❭ ❫
⑦
✞
▲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟ ✶ ✠ ✡
✐ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✔ ✕ ✐ ☛ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✑ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✙ ✌ ✏ ☛
❜ ✍ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✛ ✑ ✎ ✚ ✐ ✙ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✐ ✒ ✌ ✜ ✚ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✐ ☛ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✢
❘
✑ ✙ ✙ ✐ ✒
✣
✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✏
✣
✏ ✐ ✒ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✖ ✑ ✚
✤
✙ ✍
✥
✑ ✎ ✐
✣
✐ ✒
✦
☞ ✌ ✑ ✜
✣
✌ ☛ ✑ ✚ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✕ ✐ ✘ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✚ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✘ ☛ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✖
✏ ✒ ✕ ☛ ✙ ✐ ✕ ✐ ✒
✣
✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✢ ❛ ✜ ✎ ✐ ✒
✣
✎ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✐ ✒
✣ ✦
☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✜ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✍ ☛
✐ ✒ ✖ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✖ ☞
✣
✍ ☞ ✚ ✑ ✚ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✐ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✚ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✙ ✐ ☞ ☞ ✙ ✍
✦
✏ ✒ ✕
☞ ✌ ✐ ☛ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✜ ✙ ☞ ☛ ✐ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✐ ✒ ✐ ☞ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✏ t ✒ ✑ ☞ ✏
✤
✑ ✐ ✒ ☞ ✧ ✑ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✍
❜ ✑ ✕ ✔ ❜ ✍ ✐ ✒
✣
✐ ✒ ✖ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✓ ✐ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✜ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✍ ✢ ★ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✍ ☞
✍ ✘ ✘ ✍ ✖ ☞ ✐ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✖ ✑ ✚
✤
✑ ✒ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✖ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✖ ✍
✤
✏ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✙ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✜ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✍ ✑
✤ ✤
✑ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✚ ✑ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✢
❲ ✍ ✑ ✘ ☞ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✍
✣
✏ ✎ ✕ ✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✏ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✚ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✐ ✒
✣
✜ ✒ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✐ ✎ ✏ ❜ ✙ ✍ ✢
✉
✒ ✚ ✏ ✒ ✔ ☛ ✐ ☞ ✜ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ☛
✦
✙ ✐
✩
✍ ✐ ✒ ✏
✚ ✏ ✖ ✌ ✐ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✐ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✐ ✘ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✚ ✑ ✗ ✐ ✒
✣ ✤
✏ ✎ ☞ ☛
✦
✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒
✕ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✒ ✍
✣
✏ ☞ ✐ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✙ ✍ ✢
✉
☞ ✑
✤ ✤
✑ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✙ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✗ ✍
✚ ✑ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✍ ❜ ✔ ✕ ✐ ☛ ☛ ✐
✤
✏ ☞ ✍ ☛
✤
✑ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✐ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✚
✑ ✘ ✌ ✍ ✏ ☞
✦
✍ ☞ ✖ ✢
♦
✜ ❜ ✎ ✐ ✖ ✏ ✒ ☞ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✐ ✒
✣
✩
✐ ✒ ✍ ☞ ✐ ✖ ✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✐ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✖ ✌ ✐ ✒ ✍ ✢ ❦ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✐ ☛ ☞ ✑
✜ ☛ ✍ ❜ ✏ ✙ ✙ ❜ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✐ ✒
✣
☛ ❜ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✓ ✑ ✚ ✑ ✗ ✐ ✒
✣ ✤
✏ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✏
✚ ✏ ✖ ✌ ✐ ✒ ✍ ✢ t
♠
✐
✣
✢
✪
✢
✫ ✬
t ✏ ✧ ✧
✭
✐ ✒ ✖ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✐ ✒
✣
✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒
❜ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✍ ✒ ❜ ✏ ✙ ✙ ❜ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✐ ✒
✣
☛ ✏ ✒ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✜ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✍ ☛ ✐ ✒
✖ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✐ ☛ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✚ ✏ ✙ ✙
✦ ✤
✑ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✐ ☛ ☛ ✐
✤
✏ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✐ ☛
✎ ✍ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✍ ✕ ✢ ❦ ☞ ✌ ✐ ✒ ✖ ✜ ☛ ✌ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✏ ✐ ✎ ✚ ✏ ✐ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✐ ✒ ✍ ✕
❜ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✙ ✐ ✕ ☛ ✜ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✍ ☛ ✐ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✙ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✗ ✍ ✚ ✑ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✐ ☛
✏ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✘ ✍ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✐ ✒
✣
✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ t
♠
✐
✣
✢
✪
✢
✫ ✬
t ✏ ✧ ✧ ✢
✉
✒ ✚ ✏ ✒ ✔
✤
✎ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✖ ✏ ✙ ☛ ✐ ☞ ✜ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ☛
✦
✌ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✎
✦
✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒
✐ ☛ ✖ ✎ ✐ ☞ ✐ ✖ ✏ ✙ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✢ ✮ ✐ ✒ ✍ ☞ ✐ ✖ ✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☞
✕ ✐ ☛ ☛ ✐
✤
✏ ☞ ✍ ☛
✤
✑ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✐ ☛ ✒ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✙ ✍ ☛ ☛ ✐ ✚
✤
✑ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✘ ✑ ✎
q ✜ ✐ ✖
✩
✙ ✔ ☛ ☞ ✑
✤ ✤
✐ ✒
✣
✎ ✍ ✙ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✗ ✍ ✚ ✑ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✢
✉
☞ ✐ ☛ ✚ ✏ ✕ ✍ ✜ ☛ ✍
✑ ✘ ❜ ✔ ❜ ✎ ✏
✩
✍ ☛ ✐ ✒ ✚ ✏ ✖ ✌ ✐ ✒ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✜ ☞ ✑ ✚ ✑ ❜ ✐ ✙ ✍ ☛ ✢
✭
✐ ✚ ✐ ✙ ✏ ✎ ✙ ✔
✦
☛ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✖ ✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✐ ☛ ✐ ✚
✤
✑ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✐ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✐ ✙ ✔
✙ ✐ ✘ ✍ ✢ ❲ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✏ ❜ ✙ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✙
✩
❜ ✍ ✖ ✏ ✜ ☛ ✍ ✑ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✢
✉
☞
✐ ☛ ✐ ✚
✤
✑ ☛ ☛ ✐ ❜ ✙ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✚ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✙ ✐
✤ ✤
✍ ✎ ✔
✎ ✑ ✏ ✕ ✢
r
✒ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✕ ✐ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✎ ✑ ✏ ✕
✦
☞ ✌ ✍ ✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ❜ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✍ ✒
☞ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✔ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✒ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✏ ✕
✤
✎ ✑ ✗ ✐ ✕ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✍ ☛ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✔
✍
✥
☞ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✖ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✖ ✖ ✍ ✙ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✖ ✏ ✎ ✢
❆ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✳ ❦ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✎ ✐ ✒
✣
✐ ☛ ✐ ✒ ✍
✥
☞ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✐ ❜ ✙ ✍
✦
✏ ✒ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✍
✤
✜ ✙ ✙ ✔ ✐ ☛ ☛ ✚ ✑ ✑ ☞ ✌
✦
☞ ✌ ✍
✬ ✩ ✣
❜ ✙ ✑ ✖
✩
✏ ✒ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✍ ♣ ✴
✩ ✣
☞ ✎ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✔ ❜ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✗ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✚ ✍ ✚ ✏
✣
✒ ✐ ☞ ✜ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✘
✏ ✖ ✖ ✍ ✙ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✢ ❦
✤ ✤
✙ ✔ ✐ ✒
✣
☛ ✍ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✏ ✓ ☞ ✑ ✚ ✑ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✘
☞ ✌ ✍ ❜ ✙ ✑ ✖
✩
t
♠
✐
✣
✢
✪
✢
✫
♣ t ❜ ✧ ✧
✦
✬
✴ ✸ ❚ ✵
✬
✷
❦
✤ ✤
✙ ✔ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✏ ✓ ☞ ✑ ✚ ✑ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✔ t
♠
✐
✣
✢
✪
✢
✫
♣ t ✖ ✧ ✧
✦
❚ ✸ ❢
✹
✵ ♣ ✴ ✷ ✢
◆ ✑ ✓ ❢
✺
❂ ➭
✺
✻
✦
❍ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✼
✺
✵ ✴ ✢ ✴ ✽
✦
✻ ✵ ♣ ✴
✥ ✫
✴
✵ ♣ ✴ ✴ ◆✢
★ ✌ ✜ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✍ q ✜ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✚ ✑ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✔ ✐ ☛
❚ ✸ ✴ ✢ ✴ ✽
✥
♣ ✴ ✴ ✵ ♣ ✴ ✷
r
✎ ❚ ✸ ➊ ✵ ♣ ✴ ✷ ✢
★ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✍ q ✜ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ☛
✣
✐ ✗ ✍ ✷ ❂
✾ ✾
✾ ✿
✚ ☛
❀ ❁
✵ ✴ ✢ ❃ ❄ ✚ ☛
❅ ❁
✏ ✒ ✕ ❚ ✵ ♣ ❇ ✢
✫
◆✢ ❈
❉❊ ❋ ❋ ●
✯
■ ❏
✳
● ❑ ▼ ● ❊
✯
❦ ❜ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✐
✩
✍ ✏ ✎ ✐ ✒
✣
✑ ✎ ✏ ☛
✤
✌ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✐ ✒
✣
✓ ✐ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✜ ☞
☛ ✙ ✐
✤ ✤
✐ ✒
✣
✑ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✐
s
✑ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✙
✤
✙ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✐ ✙ ✙ ☛ ✜ ✘ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✑
✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒
✦
✐ ✒
✤
✎ ✐ ✒ ✖ ✐
✤
✙ ✍ ✢ ❦ ☞ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✐ ✒ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✒ ☞
✦
☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✐ ☛
✛ ✜ ☛ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✍
✤
✑ ✐ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✘ ✖ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✖ ☞ ❜ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✍ ❜ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✒ ✕
☞ ✌ ✍
✤
✙ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✒ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✐ ☛
✤
✑ ✐ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✑ ✚ ✑ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✙ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✗ ✍
☞ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✍
✤
✙ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✢
✉
✒ ☞ ✌ ✐ ☛ ✐ ✕ ✍ ✏ ✙ ☛ ✐ ☞ ✜ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒
✦ ✩
✐ ✒ ✍ ☞ ✐ ✖ ✑ ✎
☛ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✖ ✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✐ ☛
s
✍ ✎ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✍ ❜ ✑ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✜ ✙ ✕
✖ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✐ ✒ ✜ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✓ ✐ ☞ ✌ ✖ ✑ ✒ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✗ ✍ ✙ ✑ ✖ ✐ ☞ ✔ ✢ ❲ ✍
✩
✒ ✑ ✓
✦
✐ ✒
✤
✎ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✖ ✍
✦
☞ ✌ ✐ ☛ ✓ ✐ ✙ ✙ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✏
✤ ✤
✍ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✚ ✍
✎ ✍ ☛ ✐ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✒ ✖ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✚ ✑ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ t ✎ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✐ ✒
✣
✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✧ ✕ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✖ ✖ ✜ ✎
✦
✐ ✢ ✍ ✢ ☞ ✑
✩
✍ ✍
✤
☞ ✌ ✍ ❜ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✐ ✒
✣ ✦
☛ ✑ ✚ ✍ ✏
✤ ✤
✙ ✐ ✍ ✕ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✖ ✍
✐ ☛ ✒ ✍ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✢
♠
✑ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✚ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✐
✣
✌ ☞
✦
✎ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✐ ✒
✣
✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒
✐ ☛ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✚ ✏ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✎ t ✍ ✗ ✍ ✒ ❜ ✔ ♣ ✑ ✎
✬
✑ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✑ ✘
✚ ✏
✣
✒ ✐ ☞ ✜ ✕ ✍ ✧ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✒ ☛ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✐ ✖ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✙ ✐ ✕ ✐ ✒
✣
✘ ✎ ✐ ✖ ☞ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✢ ★ ✌ ✐ ☛
❖ P ◗ ❙ ❯❙ ❱❳ ❨ ❩❬❭ ❪❫ ❴ ❵ ❩❝ ❞ ❭ ❡ ❣ ❤ ❥ ❧ ♥ ❝ ❞ ❥ ❤ ✈❥ ❩ ❧ ✇ ① ❫ ② ③ ❫ ④ ④ ⑤ ❭❫ ❞ ❥ ❧ ♥ ❵ ⑥ ④ ❫ ❤ ❭❡ ⑤ ❭✈ ❪❭❭ ❧ ❬❩⑦❥ ❧ ♥ ⑥ ❫ ❞ ✈ ❵ ❩ ❝ ❫ ❬ ❫ ❤ ⑧ ❥ ❧ ❭✇
① ⑤ ② ⑨ ❩❬ ⑥ ❞ ❭ ❵❵ ❭❡ ❤ ❣ ❵⑧ ❥ ❩ ❧ ❩❝ ❫ ❥ ❞ ⑤ ❭✈ ❪ ❭❭ ❧ ❵❣ ❞ ❝ ❫ ❤ ❭ ❵ ❥ ❧ ❞ ❭④ ❫ ✈ ❥ ⑦ ❭ ❬❩ ✈❥ ❩❧ ✇
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
✺ ✞ ✟ ✠ ❈✡ ☛ ❈☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✏ ✒
❲ ❡ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✖ ❡ ❡ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✛ ❡ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✣ ✣ ❡ ✤ ❡ ✜ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✥ ✦
✔ ❛ ✥ ✧ ★ ✩ ✥ ✕ ✘ ✗ ✪ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✣ ✘ ✜ ✣ ✤ ❡ ✥ ✦ ✜ ✔ ✧ ✘ ✫ ✖ ❘ ✬ ✘ ✛ ✓ ✫ ✗ ✘ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✩
✖ ✚ ❡ ❡ ✧ ✈ ✘ ✖ ✈
✷
✴ ❘ ✧ ✘ ✜ ❡ ✣ ✛ ❡ ✧ ✛ ✥ ✬ ✔ ✜ ✧ ✖ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✜ ❡ ✭
❆ ✣ ✣ ✥ ✜ ✧ ✘ ✗ ✪ ✛ ✥ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✖ ❡ ✣ ✥ ✗ ✧ ✤ ✔ ✬ ✮ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡ ❢ ✚ ✜ ✥ ✕ ✘ ✧ ✘ ✗ ✪
✛ ✓ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✣ ✣ ❡ ✤ ❡ ✜ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✘ ✖ t
✯ ✰
♠ ✱
✲
✳
✵ ✸
✭
✹ ✻ ✼
✬ ✓ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✽ ✘ ✖ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✩ ✔ ✖ ✖ ✥ ✦ ✛ ✓ ❡ ❛ ✥ ✧ ★ ✭ ✾ ✓ ✘ ✖ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡
✧ ✘ ✜ ❡ ✣ ✛ ❡ ✧ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✬ ✔ ✜ ✧ ✖ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✜ ❡ ✘ ✖ ✣ ✔ ✤ ✤ ❡ ✧ ✛ ✓ ❡
✣ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✚ ❡ ✛ ✔ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡ ✭ ❝ ✥ ✜ ✔ ✖ ✛ ✥ ✗ ❡ ✜ ✥ ✛ ✔ ✛ ❡ ✧ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✣ ✘ ✜ ✣ ✤ ❡
❛ ★ ✔ ✖ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✪ ✮ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✚ ❡ ✛ ✔ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡ ✘ ✖ ✚ ✜ ✥ ✕ ✘ ✧ ❡ ✧ ❛ ★
✛ ✓ ❡ ✛ ❡ ✗ ✖ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✪ ✭ ✾ ✓ ❡ ✣ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✚ ❡ ✛ ✔ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡
✦ ✥ ✜ ✩ ✥ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✥ ✦ ✔ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✗ ❡ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✥ ✫ ✗ ✧ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✖ ✫ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✛ ✓ ❡
✘ ✖ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✣ ✦ ✜ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✛ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✥ ✕ ✘ ✧ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✚ ❡ ✛ ✔ ✤
✔ ✣ ✣ ❡ ✤ ❡ ✜ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✭ ✿ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✣ ✦ ✜ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✥ ✚ ✚ ✥ ✖ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✓ ❡
✘ ✩ ✚ ❡ ✗ ✧ ✘ ✗ ✪ ✩ ✥ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✥ ✦ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ✔ ✜ ✩ ✥ ✕ ✘ ✗ ✪ ✔ ✬ ✔ ★ ✦ ✜ ✥ ✩
✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ✘ ✜ ✣ ✤ ❡ ✭ ❀ ✖ ✘ ✗ ✪ ❡ ❁ ✫ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗
✵ ✸
✭
✹
✢
✼
❂
✵ ✸
✭
✹ ✻ ✼
✬ ❡ ✪ ❡ ✛
✛ ✓ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✖ ✫ ✤ ✛
❃
s
❄ ❅
❇ ❉
❊
➭ ❋ ●
❍
■
■
❏ ❑
▲
❏
❣
▼
◆
◆
❖ ◗
❬
Q
❙ ❚ ✽ ❯ ❪
✬ ✓ ✘ ✣ ✓ ✘ ✖ ✘ ✗ ✧ ❡ ✚ ❡ ✗ ✧ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✥ ✦ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✩ ✔ ✖ ✖ ✥ ✦ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ✔ ✜ ✭
✾ ✓ ✘ ✖ ✖ ✓ ✥ ✬ ✖ ✛ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✔ ✪ ✘ ✕ ❡ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✤ ✫ ❡ ✥ ✦
❱
❳
✔ ✗ ✧
❨
✮
✛ ✓ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✩ ✔ ❩ ✘ ✩ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✚ ❡ ❡ ✧ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✘ ✜ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✔ ✜ ✩ ✥ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✥ ✦
✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ✔ ✜ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✖ ✘ ❛ ✤ ❡ ✮ ✗ ✔ ✩ ❡ ✤ ★
❭ ❫ ❴ ❵
❜ ❞ ❤✐❥ ✵ ✸
✭
✹ ❦ ✼
❧ ♥ ♦ ❧ ♣ ♦
q r ✉ ✇ ①✇②③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ⑥ ❶❷❸⑤ ❷❹ ❷ ❺ ⑩ ⑦ ⑩ ⑥ ❷❹ ❻ ⑩ ❼ ⑩ ⑨ ❽❾❽⑨ ⑥ ❷ ⑩ ❿ ➀ ❻ ➁ ❼ ⑩ ➁ ⑩ ❹ ➂ ❽ ❿ ⑥ ❷ ⑩ ❿ ➃
✪ ✜ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✔ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡ ✥ ✗ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✗ ❡ ✛ ✧ ✫ ❡ ✛ ✥ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✖ ✫ ✗ ✭
❝ ✥ ✜ ✔ ✣ ✔ ✜ ✛ ✔
➄
✘ ✗ ✪ ✔ ✣ ✘ ✜ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✔ ✜ ✛ ✫ ✜ ✗ ✥ ✗ ✔ ✓ ✥ ✜ ✘
➅
✥ ✗ ✛ ✔ ✤
✜ ✥ ✔ ✧ ✮ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✚ ❡ ✛ ✔ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡ ✘ ✖ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡ ✥ ✦ ✦ ✜ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✭
✾ ✓ ❡ ✣ ✘ ✜ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✔ ✜ ✩ ✥ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✥ ✦ ✔ ✣ ✔ ✜ ✥ ✗ ✔ ✦ ✤ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✗ ✧
❛ ✔ ✗
➄
❡ ✧ ✜ ✥ ✔ ✧ ✪ ✘ ✕ ❡ ✘ ✗ ✛ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✘ ✗ ✪ ✔ ✚ ✚ ✤ ✘ ✣ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✥ ✦ ✛ ✓ ❡
✤ ✔ ✬ ✖ ✥ ✦ ✩ ✥ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✭
✎
➆ ➇➈ ➆ ➉ ➆ ➊ ➋ ➌ ➋ ➍ ➆ ➉ ➋ ➎ ➏ ➐ ➏ ➎ ➍ ➆ ➋ ➑
✾ ✓ ✜ ❡ ❡ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡ ✖ ✔ ✣ ✛ ✥ ✗ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ✔ ✜ ✭
✵
❝ ✘ ✪ ✭
✸
✭
✹
✢
✵
✔
✼
✵
✘
✼
✾ ✓ ❡ ✬ ❡ ✘ ✪ ✓ ✛ ✥ ✦ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ✔ ✜ ✮ ✽ ❯
✵
✘ ✘
✼ ➒
✥ ✜ ✩ ✔ ✤ ✜ ❡ ✔ ✣ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✮ ❙
✵
✘ ✘ ✘
✼
❝ ✜ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✔ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡ ✮ ❢
❆ ✖ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✔ ✣ ✣ ❡ ✤ ❡ ✜ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✕ ❡ ✜ ✛ ✘ ✣ ✔ ✤
✧ ✘ ✜ ❡ ✣ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗
❙
➓
✽ ❯ ❚
➔
❙ ❚ ✽ ❯
✵ ✸
✭
✹ → ✼
✾ ✓ ❡ ✣ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✚ ❡ ✛ ✔ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡ ✜ ❡ ❁ ✫ ✘ ✜ ❡ ✧ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ✘ ✜ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✔ ✜ ✩ ✥ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗
✘ ✖ ✔ ✤ ✥ ✗ ✪ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✖ ✫ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✣ ❡ ✥ ✦ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✜ ✥ ✔ ✧ ✮ ✔ ✗ ✧ ✘ ✖ ✚ ✜ ✥ ✕ ✘ ✧ ❡ ✧
❛ ★ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ✥ ✩ ✚ ✥ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✥ ✦ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ✥ ✗ ✛ ✔ ✣ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡ ❛ ❡ ✛ ✬ ❡ ❡ ✗
✜ ✥ ✔ ✧ ✔ ✗ ✧ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ✔ ✜ ✛ ★ ✜ ❡ ✖ ✔ ✤ ✥ ✗ ✪ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✖ ✫ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✣ ❡ ✭ ✾ ✓ ✘ ✖
❛ ★ ✧ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✦ ✜ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✔ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡ ✭
➒
✥ ✛ ❡ ✛ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✛
✎
➆ ➇➈ ➆ ➉ ➆ ➊ ➋ ➌ ➋ ➍ ➆ ➉ ➋ ➣ ➋ ➉ ↔ ➏ ➑ ➍ ➆ ➋ ➑
❲ ❡ ✣ ✔ ✗ ✜ ❡ ✧ ✫ ✣ ❡ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ✥ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✘ ❛ ✫ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✥ ✦ ✦ ✜ ✘ ✣ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✛ ✥ ✛ ✓ ❡
✣ ✘ ✜ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✔ ✜ ✩ ✥ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✥ ✦ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✣ ✔ ✜ ✘ ✦ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✜ ✥ ✔ ✧ ✘ ✖ ❛ ✔ ✗
➄
❡ ✧
✵
❝ ✘ ✪ ✭
✸
✭
✹
✢
✵
❛
✼ ✼
✭ ✿ ✘ ✗ ✣ ❡ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✔ ✣ ✣ ❡ ✤ ❡ ✜ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✔ ✤ ✥ ✗ ✪
✛ ✓ ❡ ✕ ❡ ✜ ✛ ✘ ✣ ✔ ✤ ✧ ✘ ✜ ❡ ✣ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✮ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✗ ❡ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡ ✔ ✤ ✥ ✗ ✪ ✛ ✓ ✘ ✖
✧ ✘ ✜ ❡ ✣ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✗ ✩ ✫ ✖ ✛ ❛ ❡
➅
❡ ✜ ✥ ✭ ↕ ❡ ✗ ✣ ❡ ✮
❙ ✣ ✥ ✖
➙
❚ ✽ ❯
➛
❢ ✖ ✘ ✗
➙
✵ ✸
✭
✹ ➜
✔
✼
✾ ✓ ❡ ✣ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✚ ❡ ✛ ✔ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✜ ✣ ❡ ✘ ✖ ✚ ✜ ✥ ✕ ✘ ✧ ❡ ✧ ❛ ★ ✛ ✓ ❡ ✓ ✥ ✜ ✘
➅
✥ ✗ ✛ ✔ ✤
✣ ✥ ✩ ✚ ✥ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✖ ✥ ✦ ❙ ✔ ✗ ✧ ❢ ✭
❙ ✖ ✘ ✗
➙
➛
❢ ✣ ✥ ✖
➙
❚
❍
▼
▲
❏
✵ ✸
✭
➝ ➔
✔
✼
➞
✫ ✛ ❢
❵
➟✐➠
✾ ✓ ✫ ✖ ✛ ✥ ✥ ❛ ✛ ✔ ✘ ✗ ✈
➡ ➢ ➤
✬ ❡ ✚ ✫ ✛
❵
➥
➟✐❥
✭
✾ ✓ ❡ ✗
➦
❁ ✖ ✭
✵ ✸
✭
✹ ➜ ✼
❂
✵ ✸
✭
➝ ➔ ✼
❛ ❡ ✣ ✥ ✩ ❡
❙ ✣ ✥ ✖
➙
❚ ✽ ❯
➛
❵
➟✐
✖ ✘ ✗
➙
✵ ✸
✭
✹ ➜
❛
✼
▲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟ ✶ ✠ ✡
☛
☞
◆ ✥ ✌ ✍
✎
✏
s
✑➭ ❝ ✒ ✥
✎
✓ ♠ ✔
✷
✴ ❘ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛
❲ ❡ ✒ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✌ ✍
➊
✣
✤ ✦
✧
★✩ ✪ ✪ ✫ ✬✭ ✮ ✭
❂
❙ ✯
✚ ✥ ✜ ✌ ✜
✯
✜ ✌ ✍
✰ ✱
✢
✲ ✯
❡ ✒
✳ ✵
✌ ✍
✸ ✹
✗ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛
✺ ✻
❡
✰
❡ ✜
✼ ✽
✾
✿ ❀ ❁
❃
❃
❄
❄
❅ ❣ ❆ ❇ ♥ ❈ ♦❆
❅
❉
❈ ♦❆ ❆❇ ♥ ❊
❋ ● ❋
❋ ● ❋
❍
✒
■
❏
❑
▼ ❖ P
◗ ❚
s
s
t ❯ ❱
✈ ❳ ❨
t ❯ ❱
➭ ✎
➭ ✎
❩ ❬
❭
❪
❫ ❴
❵ ❛
✕ ✖ ✗ ✘
❜
✛
❞✒ ❢ ❤ ✢
■
✌ ✍
✰
✜ ✐ ✌ ✥
✻
✌ ✜ ✐
✸ ✹
✗ ✕ ✖ ✗
❜
❥ ✛
✻
❡ ✥ ❡ ❡ ✜ ✐ ✢ ✜
❢ ✢
❦
✌ ❢
✯
❢ ❤ ✒ ✥ ✥ ✌ ✚
✲
❡ ✥ ❤ ❡ ❡
❧
✒
✳
✢ ❝ ✢
■
✒ ✍ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✍
♣
❡
❧
■
✒ ✢
❧
✌ ✥
✰ ■
❡ ✢ ✜ ❡
■
✜ ✐ ✢ ✍ ✜ ✐ ✢ ✜ ✒ ✍ ✢
✳ ✲
✢ ✜
■
✒ ✢
❧
✗
q
✒
■ r
✉
✇ ①
✌ ✍
✸ ✹
✗ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘
❜
✛
✺
✔
②
✇ ③
❘
④
✜ ✢ ✍
⑤ ⑥
➼
✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✛
⑦ ✜ ✜ ✐ ✌ ✥ ✥ ❤ ❡ ❡
❧ ✺ ✳ ■
✌ ❝ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✢
✲ ✳
✒
■
❝ ❡ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✍ ❡ ❡
❧
❡
❧
✢ ✜ ✢
✲ ✲
✜ ✒ ❤
■
✒
✱
✌
❧
❡ ✜ ✐ ❡ ✍ ❡ ❝ ❡ ✥ ✥ ✢
■
⑧ ❝ ❡ ✍ ✜
■
✌ ❤ ❡ ✜ ✢
✲ ✳
✒
■
❝ ❡ ✗
⑨
■
✌
✱
✌ ✍
✰
✢ ✜ ✜ ✐ ✌ ✥ ✥ ❤ ❡ ❡
❧
✒ ✍ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✍
♣
❡
❧ ■
✒ ✢
❧ ✻
✌
✲ ✲
❝ ✢
✯
✥ ❡
✲
✌ ✜ ✜
✲
❡
✻
❡ ✢
■
✢ ✍
❧
✜ ❡ ✢
■
✒
✳
✜ ✐ ❡ ✜ ⑧
■
❡ ✥ ✗
⑩
✐ ❡ ✥ ✢ ❢ ❡
❡
✹ ✯
✢ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✢
✲
✥ ✒ ✜ ❡
✲ ✲
✥ ⑧ ✒
✯
✜ ✐ ✢ ✜
✳
✒
■
✔
❶
✔
❷
✺ ✳ ■
✌ ❝ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✢
✲
✳
✒
■
❝ ❡
✻
✌
✲ ✲
✚ ❡
✯
❤ ✜ ✐ ❡ ✥
✲
✒ ❤ ❡ ✢ ✍
❧
✜ ✐ ✢ ✜ ✢ ❝ ✢
■
❝ ✢ ✍ ✚ ❡
❤ ✢
■ ♣
❡
❧
✒ ✍
✲
⑧ ✌
✳
✜ ✢ ✍ ❸ ❹
r
❺
✗
❻ ❼ ❽ ❾ ❿ ➀ ➁ ➂ ➃ ➄ ➅
⑦ ❝ ⑧ ❝
✲
✌ ✥ ✜ ✥ ❤ ❡ ❡
❧
✌ ✍
✰
✢ ✜
❜
❥
♣
❢
➆
✐ ✒ ✍ ✢
✲
❡
✱
❡
✲ ■
✒ ✢
❧
✜ ✢
♣
❡ ✥ ✢ ✥ ✐ ✢
■
❤ ❝ ✌
■
❝
✯ ✲
✢
■
✜
✯ ■
✍ ✒
✳ ■
✢
❧
✌
✯
✥
➇
❢
✻
✌ ✜ ✐ ✒
✯
✜
■
❡
❧ ✯
❝ ✌ ✍
✰
✜ ✐ ❡
✥ ❤ ❡ ❡
❧
✗
⑩
✐ ❡ ❝ ✒
➈
❡
✳ ✳
✌ ❝ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✜ ✒
✳
✥ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✌ ❝
✳ ■
✌ ❝ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍
✚ ❡ ✜
✻
❡ ❡ ✍ ✜ ✐ ❡ ✜ ⑧
■
❡ ✥ ✢ ✍
❧
✜ ✐ ❡
■
✒ ✢
❧
✌ ✥ ✙ ✗
❜
✗ ❲ ✌
✲ ✲
✜ ✐ ❡ ❝ ⑧ ❝
✲
✌ ✥ ✜ ✥
✲
✌ ❤
✻
✐ ✌
✲
❡ ✜ ✢
♣
✌ ✍
✰
✜ ✐ ❡ ✜
✯ ■
✍
➉
➋ ➌ ➍ ➎ ➁ ➏ ➐
✍ ✢ ✍
✯
✍ ✚ ✢ ✍
♣
❡
❧ ■
✒ ✢
❧ ✺ ✳ ■
✌ ❝ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✢
✲ ✳
✒
■
❝ ❡
✢
✲
✒ ✍ ❡ ❝ ✢ ✍ ❤
■
✒
✱
✌
❧
❡ ✜ ✐ ❡ ❝ ❡ ✍ ✜
■
✌ ❤ ❡ ✜ ✢
✲ ✳
✒
■
❝ ❡ ✍ ❡ ❡
❧
❡
❧
✜ ✒
♣
❡ ❡ ❤ ✜ ✐ ❡ ❝ ⑧ ❝
✲
✌ ✥ ✜ ❢ ✒
✱
✌ ✍
✰
✒ ✍ ✢ ❝ ✌
■
❝
✯ ✲
✢
■
✜
✯ ■
✍
✻
✌ ✜ ✐ ✒
✯
✜ ✥
✲
✌ ❤ ❤ ✌ ✍
✰
✗
➑ ✳
✜ ✐ ❡ ✥ ❤ ❡ ❡
❧
✌ ✥ ✜ ✒ ✒
✲
✢
■ ✰
❡
✺
✒
■
✌
✳
✜ ✐ ❡ ✜
✯ ■
✍ ✌ ✥ ✜ ✒ ✒ ✥ ✐ ✢
■
❤ ✕ ✌ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✒
✳
✜ ✒ ✒ ✥ ❢ ✢
✲ ✲
✢
■
✢
❧
✌
✯
✥ ✛
✒
■
✚ ✒ ✜ ✐
✺
✜ ✐ ❡
✳ ■
✌ ❝ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✢
✲ ✳
✒
■
❝ ❡ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✥
✯ ✳ ✳
✌ ❝ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✜ ✜ ✒
❤
■
✒
✱
✌
❧
❡ ✜ ✐ ❡ ✍ ❡ ❝ ❡ ✥ ✥ ✢
■
⑧ ❝ ❡ ✍ ✜
■
✌ ❤ ❡ ✜ ✢
✲ ✳
✒
■
❝ ❡
✺
✢ ✍
❧
✜ ✐ ❡
❝ ⑧ ❝
✲
✌ ✥ ✜ ✥
✲
✌ ❤ ✥ ✗
⑩
✐ ❡ ❝ ✒ ✍
❧
✌ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍
✳
✒
■
✜ ✐ ❡ ❝ ⑧ ❝
✲
✌ ✥ ✜ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✜ ✒
✥
✲
✌ ❤ ✌ ✥
✰
✌
✱
❡ ✍ ✚ ⑧
✸ ✹
✗ ✕ ✖ ✗
❜
❥ ✛ ➒
✔
➓
❹
➔
→
❘
④
✵
✒
✻ ✺
❘
✇ ➇
❢ ➣
④
✓ ↔ ✗ ❥ ❢ ✥
↕ ➙
✺ ➔
→
✓ ✙ ✗
❜
✗
⑩
✐ ✢ ✜ ✌ ✥
✺
➔
→
❘
④
✓ ✘ ✗ ↔
➛
❢
➙
✥
↕ ➙
➜
✔
✇ ❜
❥
♣
❢
➆
✐
✇
✖ ❢ ✥
↕ ➝
➞
✌ ✗ ❡ ✗
✺
✔
➙
✓ ✘ ✖ ❢
➙
✥
↕ ➙
✗
⑩
✐ ❡ ❝ ✒ ✍
❧
✌ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✒ ✚ ❡ ⑧ ❡
❧
✗
⑩
✐ ❡ ❝ ⑧ ❝
✲
✌ ✥ ✜
✻
✌
✲ ✲
✥
✲
✌ ❤
✻
✐ ✌
✲
❡ ✜ ✢
♣
✌ ✍
✰
✜ ✐ ❡ ❝ ✌
■
❝
✯ ✲
✢
■
✜
✯ ■
✍ ✗
➟
❻ ❼ ❽ ❾ ❿ ➀ ➁ ➂ ➃ ➄ ➄
⑦ ❝ ✌
■
❝
✯ ✲
✢
■ ■
✢ ❝ ❡ ✜
■
✢ ❝
♣
✒
✳
■
✢
❧
✌
✯
✥
➇
✙ ✙ ❢ ✌ ✥ ✚ ✢ ✍
♣
❡
❧
✢ ✜ ✢ ✍ ✢ ✍
✰ ✲
❡ ✒
✳ ❜
✖ ➠ ✗
➑ ✳
✜ ✐ ❡ ❝ ✒ ❡
✳ ✳
✌ ❝ ✌ ❡ ✍ ✜ ✒
✳ ✳ ■
✌ ❝ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✚ ❡ ✜
✻
❡ ❡ ✍ ✜ ✐ ❡
✻
✐ ❡ ❡
✲
✥ ✒
✳
✢
■
✢ ❝ ❡
➈
❝ ✢
■
✢ ✍
❧
✜ ✐ ❡
■
✒ ✢
❧
✌ ✥ ✙ ✗ ✘
✺
✻
✐ ✢ ✜ ✌ ✥ ✜ ✐ ❡ ✕ ✢ ✛ ✒ ❤ ✜ ✌ ❢
✯
❢ ✥ ❤ ❡ ❡
❧
✒
✳
✜ ✐ ❡
■
✢ ❝ ❡
➈
❝ ✢
■
✜ ✒ ✢
✱
✒ ✌
❧ ✻
❡ ✢
■
✢ ✍
❧
✜ ❡ ✢
■
✒ ✍ ✌ ✜ ✥ ✜ ⑧
■
❡ ✥
✺
✢ ✍
❧
✕ ✚ ✛ ❢ ✢
❦
✌ ❢
✯
❢ ❤ ❡
■
❢ ✌ ✥ ✥ ✌ ✚
✲
❡ ✥ ❤ ❡ ❡
❧
✜ ✒ ✢
✱
✒ ✌
❧
✥
✲
✌ ❤ ❤ ✌ ✍
✰ ➉
➋ ➌ ➍ ➎ ➁ ➏ ➐
✍ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✍
♣
❡
❧ ■
✒ ✢
❧ ✺
✜ ✐ ❡ ✐ ✒
■
✌ ➡ ✒ ✍ ✜ ✢
✲
❝ ✒ ❢ ❤ ✒ ✍ ❡ ✍ ✜ ✒
✳
✜ ✐ ❡ ✍ ✒
■
❢ ✢
✲ ✳
✒
■
❝ ❡ ✢ ✍
❧
✜ ✐ ❡
✳ ■
✌ ❝ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✢
✲
✳
✒
■
❝ ❡ ❝ ✒ ✍ ✜
■
✌ ✚
✯
✜ ❡ ✜ ✒ ❤
■
✒
✱
✌
❧
❡ ❝ ❡ ✍ ✜
■
✌ ❤ ❡ ✜ ✢
✲ ✳
✒
■
❝ ❡ ✜ ✒
♣
❡ ❡ ❤ ✜ ✐ ❡ ❝ ✢
■
❢ ✒
✱
✌ ✍
✰
✒ ✍ ✢ ❝ ✌
■
❝
✯ ✲
✢
■
✜
✯ ■
✍
✻
✌ ✜ ✐ ✒
✯
✜
✥
✲
✌ ❤ ❤ ✌ ✍
✰
✗ ⑦ ✜ ✜ ✐ ❡ ✒ ❤ ✜ ✌ ❢
✯
❢ ✥ ❤ ❡ ❡
❧ ✺
✜ ✐ ❡ ✍ ✒
■
❢ ✢
✲
■
❡ ✢ ❝ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍
➢
✥ ❝ ✒ ❢ ❤ ✒ ✍ ❡ ✍ ✜ ✌ ✥ ❡ ✍ ✒
✯ ✰
✐ ✜ ✒ ❤
■
✒
✱
✌
❧
❡ ✜ ✐ ❡
✍ ❡ ❡
❧
❡
❧
❝ ❡ ✍ ✜
■
✌ ❤ ❡ ✜ ✢
✲ ✳
✒
■
❝ ❡
✺
✢ ✍
❧
✜ ✐ ❡
✳ ■
✌ ❝ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✢
✲ ✳
✒
■
❝ ❡
✌ ✥ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✍ ❡ ❡
❧
❡
❧
✗
⑩
✐ ❡ ✒ ❤ ✜ ✌ ❢
✯
❢ ✥ ❤ ❡ ❡
❧
✔
❷
✌ ✥
✰
✌
✱
❡ ✍ ✚ ⑧
✸ ✹
✗ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✛ ➒
✔
➤
✇ ③
❘
④
✜ ✢ ✍ ❸
⑥
➝ ➥ ➙
➦
❡
■
❡ ❘ ✓
➇
✙ ✙ ❢ ➣ ❸
✇ ❜
✖ ➠
✺ ④ ✇
↔ ✗ ❥ ❢ ✥
↕ ➙
➧ ✻
❡
✐ ✢
✱
❡
✔
➤
✇
✘ ❥ ✗
❜
❢ ✥
↕ ➝
✗
⑩
✐ ❡ ❢ ✢
❦
✌ ❢
✯
❢ ❤ ❡
■
❢ ✌ ✥ ✥ ✌ ✚
✲
❡ ✥ ❤ ❡ ❡
❧
✔
➨➩ ➫
✌ ✥
✰
✌
✱
❡ ✍ ✚ ⑧
✸ ✹
✗ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘
❜
✛ ➒
➯
➲➳ ➵
➸ ➺ ➻ ➽ ➾ ➚ ➪
➾ ➲ ➳ ➵
➶ ➹ ➘
➴
➷ ➬ ➮
➴
➱ ✃
❐ ❒
❐ ❒
❮
❰ Ï
Ð
Ñ Ñ
Ò Ó
Ô
Õ Ö
➟
× Ø Ù Ù Ú Û Ü Ý Þ ßà á â Û ã Ü ä å Ú Þ ß å ä æç è ß Þ æ Ú
⑩
✐ ❡ ✜ ✐
■
❡ ❡
✲
✢
✻
✥ ✒
✳
❢ ✒ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✜ ✐ ✢ ✜ ⑧ ✒
✯
✐ ✢
✱
❡
✲
❡ ✢
■
✍ ✜ ✌ ✍
✜ ✐ ✌ ✥ ❝ ✐ ✢ ❤ ✜ ❡
■
✢
■
❡ ✜ ✐ ❡
✳
✒
✯
✍
❧
✢ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✒
✳
❢ ❡ ❝ ✐ ✢ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✥ ✗
é ✒
✯
✥ ✐ ✒
✯ ✲ ❧
✍ ✒
✻
✚ ❡ ✢ ✚
✲
❡ ✜ ✒ ✐ ✢ ✍
❧ ✲
❡ ✢
✲
✢
■ ✰
❡
✱
✢
■
✌ ❡ ✜ ⑧
✒
✳
❤
■
✒ ✚
✲
❡ ❢ ✥ ✌ ✍ ❢ ❡ ❝ ✐ ✢ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✥ ✗ ⑦ ✜ ⑧ ❤ ✌ ❝ ✢
✲
❤
■
✒ ✚
✲
❡ ❢ ✌ ✍
❢ ❡ ❝ ✐ ✢ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✥
✯
✥
✯
✢
✲ ✲
⑧
❧
✒ ❡ ✥ ✍ ✒ ✜ ❢ ❡
■
❡
✲
⑧ ✌ ✍
✱
✒
✲ ✱
❡ ✢
✥ ✌ ✍
✰ ✲
❡ ✚ ✒
❧
⑧
✯
✍
❧
❡
■
✜ ✐ ❡ ✢ ❝ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✒
✳ ✰
✌
✱
❡ ✍
✳
✒
■
❝ ❡ ✥ ✗
ê
✒
■
❡ ✒
✳
✜ ❡ ✍
✺ ✻
❡
✻
✌
✲ ✲
✍ ❡ ❡
❧
✜ ✒ ❝ ✒ ✍ ✥ ✌
❧
❡
■
✢ ✍ ✢ ✥ ✥ ❡ ❢ ✚
✲
⑧
✒
✳ ❧
✌
✳ ✳
❡
■
❡ ✍ ✜ ✚ ✒
❧
✌ ❡ ✥ ❡
❦
❡
■
✜ ✌ ✍
✰ ✳
✒
■
❝ ❡ ✥ ✒ ✍ ❡ ✢ ❝ ✐ ✒ ✜ ✐ ❡
■
✗
ë
❡ ✥ ✌
❧
❡ ✥
✺
❡ ✢ ❝ ✐ ✚ ✒
❧
⑧ ✌ ✍ ✜ ✐ ❡ ✢ ✥ ✥ ❡ ❢ ✚
✲
⑧ ❡
❦
❤ ❡
■
✌ ❡ ✍ ❝ ❡ ✥
✜ ✐ ❡
✳
✒
■
❝ ❡ ✒
✳ ✰ ■
✢
✱
✌ ✜ ⑧ ✗ ❲ ✐ ❡ ✍ ✜
■
⑧ ✌ ✍
✰
✜ ✒ ✥ ✒
✲ ✱
❡ ✢
❤
■
✒ ✚
✲
❡ ❢ ✒
✳
✜ ✐ ✌ ✥ ✜ ⑧ ❤ ❡
✺
✌ ✜ ✌ ✥
✯
✥ ❡
✳ ✯ ✲
✜ ✒
■
❡ ❢ ❡ ❢ ✚ ❡
■
✜ ✐ ❡
✳
✢ ❝ ✜ ✜ ✐ ✢ ✜
✻
❡ ❝ ✢ ✍ ❝ ✐ ✒ ✒ ✥ ❡ ✢ ✍ ⑧ ❤ ✢
■
✜ ✒
✳
✜ ✐ ❡
✢ ✥ ✥ ❡ ❢ ✚
✲
⑧ ✢ ✍
❧
✢ ❤ ❤
✲
⑧ ✜ ✐ ❡
✲
✢
✻
✥ ✒
✳
❢ ✒ ✜ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✜ ✒ ✜ ✐ ✢ ✜
❤ ✢
■
✜ ❤
■
✒
✱
✌
❧
❡
❧ ✻
❡ ✌ ✍ ❝
✲ ✯ ❧
❡ ✢
✲ ✲ ✳
✒
■
❝ ❡ ✥ ✒ ✍ ✜ ✐ ❡ ❝ ✐ ✒ ✥ ❡ ✍
❤ ✢
■
✜
❧ ✯
❡ ✜ ✒ ✜ ✐ ❡
■
❡ ❢ ✢ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✍
✰
❤ ✢
■
✜ ✥ ✒
✳
✜ ✐ ❡ ✢ ✥ ✥ ❡ ❢ ✚
✲
⑧ ✗
❲ ❡ ❢ ✢ ⑧ ❝ ✢
✲ ✲
✜ ✐ ❡ ❝ ✐ ✒ ✥ ❡ ✍ ❤ ✢
■
✜ ✒
✳
✜ ✐ ❡ ✢ ✥ ✥ ❡ ❢ ✚
✲
⑧ ✢ ✥
✜ ✐ ❡ ✥ ⑧ ✥ ✜ ❡ ❢ ✢ ✍
❧
✜ ✐ ❡
■
❡ ❢ ✢ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✍
✰
❤ ✢
■
✜ ✒
✳
✜ ✐ ❡
✢ ✥ ✥ ❡ ❢ ✚
✲
⑧ ✕ ❤
✲ ✯
✥ ✢ ✍ ⑧ ✒ ✜ ✐ ❡
■
✢
✰
❡ ✍ ❝ ✌ ❡ ✥ ✒
✳ ✳
✒
■
❝ ❡ ✥ ✛ ✢ ✥
✜ ✐ ❡ ❡ ✍
✱
✌
■
✒ ✍ ❢ ❡ ✍ ✜ ✗ ❲ ❡ ✐ ✢
✱
❡
✳
✒
✲ ✲
✒
✻
❡
❧
✜ ✐ ❡ ✥ ✢ ❢ ❡
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
✞
♠ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✟ ☞ ✟ ✒ ✓ ♠ ✔ ✏ ✟ ✎ ✕ ✖ ☛ ✡ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✓ ✠ ✗ ✔ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✏
✔ ♣ ☛ ✙ ✏ ✟ ♠ ✌ ✍ ♠ ✟ ✘ ✡ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✘ ✎ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ✓ ✠ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✗ ✚ ☛ ✍ ✟
✎ ✡ ☛ s ✏ ☞ s ✎ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ☛ ✏ ✏ ☛ ✜ ✌ ✍ ✢ ✎ ✠ ✟ ✔ ✎ ✣
✭ ✌ ✤ ❉ ♣ ✓ ✜ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✢ ♣ ✓ ♠ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✜ ✌ ✍ ✢ ✎ ✘ ✡ ✟ ♠ ✓ ✠ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✟
✑ ✓ ♣ ✌ ☛ s ✎ ✔ ✓ ♣ ✠ ✎ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✓ ✎ ✎ ✟ ♠ ✙ ✏ ✗ ☛ ✛ ✙ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✎ ✚ ✠ ✡ ✟
✏ ✌ ✍ ❧ ✎ ✚ ✎ s ✔ ✔ ☛ ♣ ✠ ✎ ✚ ✟ ✠ ✘ ✕
✭ ✌ ✌ ✤ ❈✡ ☛ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✓ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✑ ✟ ✍ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✔ ✓ ♣ ✠ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✓ ✎ ✎ ✟ ♠ ✙ ✏ ✗
✓ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ✕
✭ ✌ ✌ ✌ ✤ ❉ ♣ ✓ ✜ ✓ ✎ ✟ ✔ ✓ ♣ ✓ ✠ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✢ ♣ ✓ ♠ ✜ ✡ ✌ ✘ ✡ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✜ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✎
✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ✙ ✗
✠ ✡ ✟ ♣ ✟ ♠ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✢ ✔ ✓ ♣ ✠ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✓ ✎ ✎ ✟ ♠ ✙ ✏ ✗ ✕ t ✍ ✘ ✏ s ☞ ✟
✓ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ✙ ✗ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ♣
✓ ✢ ✟ ✍ ✘ ✌ ✟ ✎ ✕ ✥ ✦ ✧ ✦ ★ ✩ ✧ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✮ ✯ ★ ✰ ✯ ✱ ✦ ✲✪ ✯ ✳ ✦ ✧ ★ ✰ ✯
✯ ✧ ❡ ✩ ✲✦ ✧ ✴ ✯ ✧ ★ ✵ ✷ ★ ✰ ✯ ✳ ✷ ✳ ★ ✯ ✴ ✕ ✸ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✢ ♣ ✓ ♠ ☛ ✛
✠ ✡ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✗ ✔ ✟ ✌ ✎ ❧ ✍ ☛ ✜ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✹ ✓ ✛ ♣ ✟ ✟ ✺ ✙ ☛ ☞ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✢ ♣ ✓ ♠ ✻ ✕
✭
✼
☛ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✌ ♠ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✓ ✠ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠
s ✍ ☞ ✟ ♣ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✌ ☞ ✟ ♣ ✓ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ s ✠ ✓ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ✤ ✕
✭ ✌ ✑ ✤ t ✍ ✓ ✛ ♣ ✟ ✟ ✺ ✙ ☛ ☞ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✢ ♣ ✓ ♠ ✚ ✌ ✍ ✘ ✏ s ☞ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✛ ☛ ♣ ♠ ✓ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍
✓ ✙ ☛ s ✠ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ✎ ✭ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✌ ♣ ♠ ✓ ✢ ✍ ✌ ✠ s ☞ ✟ ✎ ✓ ✍ ☞
☞ ✌ ♣ ✟ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✤ ✠ ✡ ✓ ✠ ✓ ♣ ✟ ✟ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✟ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✑ ✟ ✍ ☛ ♣ ✗ ☛ s ✓ ♣ ✟
✎ s ♣ ✟ ☛ ✛ ✭ ✟ ✕ ✢ ✕ ✚ ✠ ✡ ✟ ☞ ✌ ♣ ✟ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✟ ✍ ✎ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✓
✎ ✠ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✢ ✓ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✢ ✌ ✠ ✎ ✏ ✟ ✍ ✢ ✠ ✡ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✡ ✟ ♣ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✎ ✡ ☛ s ✏ ☞ ✙ ✟
✠ ♣ ✟ ✓ ✠ ✟ ☞ ✓ ✎ s ✍ ❧ ✍ ☛ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✠ ☛ ✙ ✟ ☞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ♣ ♠ ✌ ✍ ✟ ☞ s ✎ ✌ ✍ ✢
✏ ✓ ✜ ✎ ☛ ✛ ♠ ☛ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✕
✭ ✑ ✤ t ✛ ✍ ✟ ✘ ✟ ✎ ✎ ✓ ♣ ✗ ✚ ✛ ☛ ✏ ✏ ☛ ✜ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✓ ♠ ✟ ✔ ♣ ☛ ✘ ✟ ☞ s ♣ ✟ ✛ ☛ ♣
✓ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ♣ ✘ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ✕ t ✍ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✢ ✎ ☛ ✚
✟ ♠ ✔ ✏ ☛ ✗
✼
✟ ✜ ✠ ☛ ✍ ✻ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✌ ♣ ☞ ✏ ✓ ✜ ✕ ✖ ✡ ✓ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✚ ✌ ✛ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟
✛ ♣ ✟ ✟ ✺ ✙ ☛ ☞ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✢ ♣ ✓ ♠ ☛ ✛
❆
✚ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✍
❆
☞ s ✟ ✠ ☛
❇
✌ ✎ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✜ ✍ ✓ ✎
❋ ✽
✠ ✡ ✟ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ♣ ✟ ✟ ✺ ✙ ☛ ☞ ✗
☞ ✌ ✓ ✢ ♣ ✓ ♠ ☛ ✛
❇
✚ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✍
❇
☞ s ✟ ✠ ☛
❆
✎ ✡ ☛ s ✏ ☞
✙ ✟ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✜ ✍ ✓ ✎
❜ ❋ ✾
✖ ✡ ✟ ✛ ☛ ✏ ✏ ☛ ✜ ✌ ✍ ✢ ✟ ✒ ✓ ♠ ✔ ✏ ✟ ✌ ✏ ✏ s ✎ ✠ ♣ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✓ ✙ ☛ ✑ ✟
✔ ♣ ☛ ✘ ✟ ☞ s ♣ ✟ ✣
❊ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❅ ● ❍ ■ ❙
✟ ✟ ✭
❏
✌ ✢ ✕
❑
✕
▲ ❑
✤ ✸ ✜ ☛ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✍
✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧ ☛ ✛ ♠ ✓ ✎ ✎
▼
❧ ✢ ♣ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✓ ✎ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✡ ☛ ♣ ✌
◆
☛ ✍ ✠ ✓ ✏
✛ ✏ ☛ ☛ ♣ ✕
❖
✡ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✌ ♣ ☛ ✍ ✘ ✗ ✏ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✟ ♣ ☛ ✛ ♠ ✓ ✎ ✎
▼ ❑
❧ ✢
✌ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✘ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✔ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧ ✚ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ✏ ☛ ☛ ♣ ✗ ✌ ✟ ✏ ☞ ✎
✎ ✠ ✟ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✗ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✘ ✗ ✏ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✟ ♣
✠ ☛ ✢ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✟ ♣ ✢ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✜ ✍ ✜ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✘ ✘ ✟ ✏ ✟ ♣ ✓ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✛
◗
✕
▲
♠ ✎
➊ ❘
✕
❖
✡ ✓ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✓ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧
☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ✏ ☛ ☛ ♣ ✭ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✟ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✟ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✭ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✛ ✠ ✟ ♣ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ✏ ☛ ☛ ♣
✗ ✌ ✟ ✏ ☞ ✎
②
✖ ✓ ❧ ✟
❣ ❚ ▲ ◗
♠ ✎
➊ ❘
✕ t ☞ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✌ ✛ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✟
✓ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✺ ♣ ✟ ✓ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✔ ✓ ✌ ♣ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✔ ♣ ☛ ✙ ✏ ✟ ♠ ✕
❯ ❱ ❲ ❳ ❄ ❨
✭ ✓ ✤ ✖ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✠ ♣ ✟ ✎ ✠ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ✏ ☛ ☛ ♣ ✕ t ✠ ✎ ✛ ♣ ✟ ✟ ✺ ✙ ☛ ☞ ✗
☞ ✌ ✓ ✢ ♣ ✓ ♠ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✜ ✎ ✠ ✜ ☛ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧ ✚ ✠ ✡ ✟
✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✛ ✢ ♣ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✓ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✠ ✠ ♣ ✓ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✟ ✓ ♣ ✠ ✡
✟
❩
s ✓ ✏ ✠ ☛
▼ × ▲ ◗ ❬ ▼ ◗ ✼❭
✓ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✍ ☛ ♣ ♠ ✓ ✏ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟
❪
☛ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ✏ ☛ ☛ ♣ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧ ✕
❫
✗ ✠ ✡ ✟
❏
✌ ♣ ✎ ✠
❴
✓ ✜ ✚
✠ ✡ ✟ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧ ♠ s ✎ ✠ ✙ ✟
◆
✟ ♣ ☛ ✌ ✕ ✟ ✕ ✚
❪ ❬ ▼ ◗ ✼
✕ ❵ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✢ ✠ ✡ ✌ ♣ ☞ ✏ ✓ ✜ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✓ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✟
✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧ ✭ ✌ ✕ ✟ ✕ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ✟ ✒ ✟ ♣ ✠ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ✏ ☛ ☛ ♣ ✙ ✗
✠ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧ ✤ ✌ ✎ ✟
❩
s ✓ ✏ ✠ ☛
▼ ◗ ✼
✓ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✌ ♣ ✟ ✘ ✠ ✟ ☞
✑ ✟ ♣ ✠ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✗ ☞ ☛ ✜ ✍ ✜ ✓ ♣ ☞ ✎ ✕
✭ ✙ ✤ ✖ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ✭ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧ ❛ ✘ ✗ ✏ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✟ ♣ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✘ ✟ ✏ ✟ ♣ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✎
☞ ☛ ✜ ✍ ✜ ✓ ♣ ☞ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✠ ✡
◗
✕
▲
♠ ✎
❝ ❞
✕ ✖ ✡ ✟ ✛ ♣ ✟ ✟ ✺ ✙ ☛ ☞ ✗
☞ ✌ ✓ ✢ ♣ ✓ ♠ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✜ ✎ ✠ ✜ ☛ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ✎ ☛ ✍
✠ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ✣ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✛ ✢ ♣ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✗ ☞ s ✟ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✟
✟ ✓ ♣ ✠ ✡ ✭
▼
❢
◗ ✼
✤
❭
✓ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✍ ☛ ♣ ♠ ✓ ✏ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟
❪
❤ ✙ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✟
✛ ✏ ☛ ☛ ♣ ✕
✼
☛ ✠ ✟ ✚ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ♣ ✟ ✟ ✺ ✙ ☛ ☞ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✢ ♣ ✓ ♠ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✟
✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✜ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✟ ♣ ✍ ✓ ✏ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ✎
✙ ✟ ✠ ✜ ✟ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✘ ✗ ✏ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✟ ♣ ✕ ✸ ✔ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✢
✠ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✘ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✏ ✓ ✜ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ✚
▼
❢
◗ ❜ ❪
❤
❬ ▼
❢ ✐
◗
✕
▲ ✼
✌ ✟ ✕
❪
❤
❬ ▼
❥ ❢ ✕ ❦
✼
♥ ♦ q r ✉r✈ ✉
❫
✗ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✌ ♣ ☞ ✏ ✓ ✜ ✚ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✓ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ☛ ✍
✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ✏ ☛ ☛ ♣ ✌ ✎ ✟
❩
s ✓ ✏ ✠ ☛
▼
❥ ❢ ✕ ❦
✼
✑ ✟ ♣ ✠ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✗ ☞ ☛ ✜ ✍ ✜ ✓ ♣ ☞ ✕
❯ ✇ ① ③ ④ ❱ ⑤❨ ❄ ❀ ✇ ① ③ ④ ❱ ❂ ❀ ③ ❨ ❲
❏
☛ ♣ ✭ ✓ ✤ ✣ ✭ ✌ ✤ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✛ ✢ ♣ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✗ ✭
▼ ◗ ✼
✤ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧
✙ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✟ ✓ ♣ ✠ ✡ ✭ ✎ ✓ ✗ ✚ ✓ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✤
❭
✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✛
✢ ♣ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✗ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✟ ✓ ♣ ✠ ✡ ✙ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧
✭ ♣ ✟ ✓ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✤ ✟
❩
s ✓ ✏ ✠ ☛
▼ ◗ ✼
☞ ✌ ♣ ✟ ✘ ✠ ✟ ☞
s ✔ ✜ ✓ ♣ ☞ ✎ ✭ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✜ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ✌ ✢ s ♣ ✟ ✤ ✕
✭ ✌ ✌ ✤ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ✏ ☛ ☛ ♣ ✙ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧
✭ ✓ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✤
❭
✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✘ ❧ ✙ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✟
✛ ✏ ☛ ☛ ♣ ✭ ♣ ✟ ✓ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✤ ✕
❏
☛ ♣ ✭ ✙ ✤ ✣ ✭ ✌ ✤ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✛ ✢ ♣ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✗ ✭
▼
❢
◗ ✼
✤ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟
✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ✙ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✟ ✓ ♣ ✠ ✡ ✭ ✎ ✓ ✗ ✚ ✓ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✤
❭
✠ ✡ ✟
✛ ☛ ♣ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✛ ✢ ♣ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✗ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✟ ✓ ♣ ✠ ✡ ✙ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✟
✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✟ ♠ ✭ ♣ ✟ ✓ ✘ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✤ ✚ ✟
❩
s ✓ ✏ ✠ ☛
▼
❢
◗ ✼
✚
▲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟ ✶ ✠ ✡
❞ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ❞ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ☞ ❞ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✔ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✌
❢ ☛ ✙ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✚ ✛
✕ ☛ ☛ ✚ ✎ ✘ ✌ ❢ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✌ ❢ ✭ ✗ ✗ ☞ ✜ ✢ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✢ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✣
✕ ✓ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✤ ✎ ✘ ✌ ❢ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✢ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✎ ✘ ✌
❢ ✭ ✗ ✗ ☞ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✛ ✥ ✖ ✓ ❞ ❞ ☛ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✖ ✦ ❢ ✗ ☞ ✕ ✜ ✚ ✦ ✎ ✘ ✌
❢ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✜ ✭ ✗ ✍ ✧ ✜ ✢ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✍ ✢ ✭ ☛ ✖ ❞ ✌ ☞ ✓ ✖ ❞
✎ ✘ ✌ ❢ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✍ ✢ ✭ ☛ ✖ ❞ ✌ ☞ ✜ ✢ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✜ ✭ ✗ ✍ ✧
✓ ✭ ✔ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✎ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✖ ❛ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✖ ✑ ✓ ☛ ☞ ✛
❚ ✘ ✌ ☛ ✣ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✎ ✓ ✖ ✎ ✎ ✘ ☛ ✖ ✙ ✎ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✣ ✌ ✣ ✜ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✓ ✖
✓ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✖ ❛ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✖ ✑ ✓ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✗ ✖ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✗ ❢ ✣ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✭ ❢ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✔
✒ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✭ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✔ ✌ ✇ ✏ ✓ ✭ ✓ ✖ ❞ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✗ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✌ ✜ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✌ ✖
✎ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✗ ❞ ☛ ✌ ✔ ✛ ❚ ✒ ✗ ❢ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✓ ✣ ✌ ✜ ✗ ❞ ✢ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✘
✘ ✓ ✑ ✑ ✌ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✜ ✌ ✌ ✇ ✏ ✓ ✭ ✓ ✖ ❞ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✗ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✖ ✖ ✌
❤
✌ ☞
✍ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✎ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✖ ❛ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✖ ✑ ✓ ☛ ☞ ✛ ❚ ✘ ✌ ❢ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✗ ❢
✙ ☞ ✓
❤
☛ ✎ ✢ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✔ ☛ ✖ ✕ ✓ ✚ ✗ ☞ ✕ ✜ ✚ ✓ ✖ ❞ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✖ ✗ ☞ ✣ ✓ ✭
❢ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✢ ✎ ✘ ✌ ❢ ✭ ✗ ✗ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✖ ❛
☞ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✗ ✖ ✑ ✓ ☛ ☞ ✔ ✛ ❚ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✌ ❢ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✘ ✓ ✑ ✑ ✌ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✜ ✌ ✌ ✇ ✏ ✓ ✭
✓ ✖ ❞ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✗ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✌ ❢ ✗ ☞ ✕ ✓ ✚ ✔ ☛ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✎ ✛
❚ ✘ ✌ ✢ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✔ ✗ ❢ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✌ ✕ ✜ ✚ ✦ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✌ ✌ ✖ ✓ ✭ ☞ ✌ ✓ ❞ ✢ ✛
❚ ✘ ✌ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✙ ✘ ✎ ✗ ❢ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✢ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✣ ☛ ✔
★ ✩ ✪ ✫
✦ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✭ ✌ ✎ ✘ ✌
✖ ✗ ☞ ✣ ✓ ✭ ❢ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✌
❘ ✬
☛ ✔
★ ✮ ✩
✛
✯ ✫
✛
✰
❚ ✘ ✌ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✗ ❢ ❞ ☞ ✓ ✒ ☛ ✖ ✙ ❢ ☞ ✌ ✌ ❛ ✜ ✗ ❞ ✢ ❞ ☛ ✓ ✙ ☞ ✓ ✣ ✔ ☛ ✔
✗ ❢ ✙ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✭ ✑ ☛ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✭
❤
☛ ✖ ✙ ✑ ☞ ✗ ✜ ✭ ✌ ✣ ✔ ☛ ✖ ✣ ✌ ✍ ✘ ✓ ✖ ☛ ✍ ✔ ✛
✥ ✎ ✓ ✭ ✭ ✗ ✒ ✔ ✢ ✗ ✏ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✭ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✭ ✢ ❞ ✌ ❢ ☛ ✖ ✌ ✢ ✗ ✏ ☞ ✔ ✢ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✣ ✓ ✖ ❞
✍ ✗ ✖ ✔ ☛ ❞ ✌ ☞ ✓ ✭ ✭ ❢ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✢ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✣ ❞ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✗ ✗ ✜
❝
✌ ✍ ✎ ✔
✎ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✎ ✗ ❢ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✢ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✣ ☛ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✭ ❢ ✛
t
✖ ✏ ✣ ✜ ✌ ☞
✗ ❢ ✌ ♦ ✌ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✔ ✌ ✔ ☛ ✖ ✎ ✘ ☛ ✔ ✓ ✖ ❞ ✔ ✏ ✜ ✔ ✌ ✇ ✏ ✌ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✌ ☞ ✔ ✒ ☛ ✭ ✭
✘ ✌ ✭ ✑ ✢ ✗ ✏ ✍ ✏ ✭ ✎ ☛
❤
✓ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✘ ☛ ✔ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✛
❙ ✱ ✲ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵
✷ ✸ ❆✹ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✼ ✾ ✿ ❀ ✻ ❁ ✺ ✿ ❂ ✼ ❃ ❄ ✼ ❄ ❅ ✽ ✹ ❇ ✿ ✺ ✻ ❈ ✿ ❇ ✿ ✻ ✻ ❄ ✹ ❉ ✼ ✽ ❊ ✿ ✿ ❋ ❄ ● ✽ ❍ ❉ ✺ ❈ ■ ❈ ✺ ❅ ✽ ✹ ❏ ❏ ✽ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈ ✺ ✻ ❂ ✹ ✽ ❈ ❑✸ ❆
❅ ✽ ✹ ❇ ✿ ✺ ✻ ❈ ✿ ❇ ✿ ✻ ✻ ❄ ✹ ❉ ✺ ❈ ❋ ✹ ❄ ❇ ✼ ✺ ❇ ✿ ✼ ✽ ❇ ✽ ■ ❈ ✼ ✿ ✹ ✼ ❃ ✿ ✽ ❋ ❋ ✽ ✻ ✺ ❈ ❑ ❅ ✽ ✹ ❇ ✿ ✽ ❅ ❅ ✹ ✺ ❇ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈ ✸
▼ ✸ ◆ ❄ ✾ ✺ ✾ ✿ ✽ ✿ ❖ ✼ ✹ ❄ ❋ ✽ ✾ ❄ ✼ ✿ ❍ ✻ ✺ ❏ ❋ ✾ ✿ ✽ ● ✻ ✿ ✹ ❁ ❄ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈ ✻ ✽ ❈ ❏ ✽ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈ ✽ ❅ ● ✽ ❍ ✺ ✿ ✻ ✽ ❈ ✺ ❈ ❇ ✾ ✺ ❈ ✿ ❍ ❋ ✾ ❄ ❈ ✿ ✻ P ❄ ❈ ❍
❄ ✹ ✹ ✺ ❁ ✿ ❍ ❄ ✼ ✼ ❃ ✿ ✾ ❄ ❂ ✽ ❅ ✺ ❈ ✿ ✹ ✼ ✺ ❄ ✸ ◗ ✿ ❂ ✼ ✽ ❈ ❀ ✻ ❅ ✺ ✹ ✻ ✼ ✾ ❄ ❂ ✽ ❅ ❏ ✽ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈ ✺ ✻ ✼ ❃ ✿ ✻ ❄ ❏ ✿ ✾ ❄ ❂ ✹ ✿ ❋ ❃ ✹ ❄ ✻ ✿ ❍
✼ ❃ ■✻
❯ ➇ ❱ ❲ ❳❨ ❩ ❬ ❭❪ ❩ ❫ ❭❴ ❵❜ ❴ ❡ ❳ ❣ ❵❭ ❬ ❳ ❜ ❴ ❜ ❵ ❣ ❣ ❵ ✐ ❵ ❳ ❭ ❥ ❨ ❳ ❣ ❵ ❭❨ ❭ ❥ ❡ ❴ ❜ ❥ ❭❨ ❦ ❦ ❭❵❜ ❭❴ ❜ ❴ ✐ ❣ ❵❨ ✐ ❜ ❧ ♠ ❵ ♥ ❜ ❴ ❳♣
❡ ❴ ♥ ❳ ❣❣ ❫ ❭ ❦
✉
❳♥ ♥ ❳❪ ❬ ❩ ❣ ❭ ❦ ❳ ❳
q
❵❳❨ ❴ ✐ ♥ ❥ ❭❨ ❫ ❳ ❵❭ ✐ ❫ ❵ ❭❵♠ ❳❨
r
❜ ❣ ❳
s ✸ ✈❈ ✻ ✺ ❏ ❋ ✾ ✿ ✼ ✿ ✹ ❏ ✻ P ✼ ❃ ✿ ① ✺ ✹ ✻ ✼ ② ❄ ❂
✺ ✻ ③④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑥ ⑨ ⑩❶ ❷ ⑤ ❸ ⑨ ❹ ⑥ ❸ ⑩ ❶ ❺ ❸ ❻ ❼ ❽ ❾ ❿ ⑥ ⑨ ❸ ➀ ❽ ⑧ ❾ ❶ ❹ ❹ ⑥ ❷ ⑥ ⑨ ❶ ⑧ ❽ ❸ ⑩ ❽ ❾ ❿ ⑥ ⑨ ❸ ➁✸
➂
✸
➃
✽ ❏ ✿ ❈ ✼ ■ ❏
➄ ➅ ➆
✽ ❅ ❄ ● ✽ ❍ ❉ ✺ ✻ ✼ ❃ ✿ ❋ ✹ ✽ ❍ ■ ❇ ✼ ✽ ❅ ✺ ✼ ✻ ❏ ❄ ✻ ✻
➈ ❦➉
❄ ❈ ❍ ❁ ✿ ✾ ✽ ❇ ✺ ✼ ❉
➈ ➊ ➉ ❯
➅
➋
❦ ➊
➌ ✸ ◗ ✿ ❂ ✼ ✽ ❈ ❀ ✻ ✻ ✿ ❇ ✽ ❈ ❍ ✾ ❄ ❂ ✽ ❅ ❏ ✽ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈
❯
➍ ♠ ❳ ❨ ✐ ❵❳ ❭ ❥ ❫ ♠ ✐ ❴ ❧ ❳ ❭ ❥ ❦ ❭ ❦ ❳❴ ❵ ❡ ❦ ❭ ❥ ✐ ❬ ❭❪ ❩ ❜ ❣
✉
❨ ❭
✉
❭❨ ❵❜ ❭❴ ✐ ♥ ❵❭ ❵♠ ❳ ✐
✉ ✉
♥ ❜ ❳❪ ❥ ❭❨ ❫ ❳ ✐ ❴ ❪ ❵ ✐ ➎ ❳ ❣
✉
♥ ✐ ❫ ❳ ❜ ❴ ❵♠ ❳ ❪ ❜ ❨ ❳❫ ❵❜ ❭❴ ❜ ❴
r
♠ ❜ ❫ ♠ ❵♠ ❳ ❥ ❭❨ ❫ ❳ ✐ ❫ ❵ ❣➏ ➐
❃ ■✻
❍
❍
➎ ➎ ❦
❵
➑ ➑
➅
➒ ❶
❂ ❃ ✿ ✹ ✿ ➒ ✺ ✻ ✼ ❃ ✿ ❈ ✿ ✼ ✿ ❖ ✼ ✿ ✹ ❈ ❄ ✾ ❅ ✽ ✹ ❇ ✿ ✽ ❈ ✼ ❃ ✿ ● ✽ ❍ ❉ ❄ ❈ ❍ ❶ ✺ ✼ ✻ ❄ ❇ ❇ ✿ ✾ ✿ ✹ ❄ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈ ✸ ➓ ✿ ✻ ✿ ✼ ✼ ❃ ✿ ❇ ✽ ❈ ✻ ✼ ❄ ❈ ✼
✽ ❅ ❋ ✹ ✽ ❋ ✽ ✹ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈ ❄ ✾ ✺ ✼ ❉
➎
➋ ✷ ✺ ❈
➔
✸ ✈ ✸
➐
❃ ✿ ❈
❍
❍
❦
❵
➑ ➑
➅
➒ ❶
➐
❃ ✿
➔
✈ ■ ❈ ✺ ✼ ✽ ❅ ❅ ✽ ✹ ❇ ✿ ✺ ✻ ❈ ✿ ❂ ✼ ✽ ❈
❯
✷ ◗ ➋ ✷ ❊ ❑ ❏ ✻
→ ➣
➏
➄
❄
➆ ➐
❃ ✿ ✻ ✿ ❇ ✽ ❈ ❍ ✾ ❄ ❂ ✺ ✻ ❇ ✽ ❈ ✻ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✿ ❈ ✼ ❂ ✺ ✼ ❃ ✼ ❃ ✿ ① ✺ ✹ ✻ ✼ ② ❄ ❂
➄
➒ ➋ ↔ ✺ ❏ ❋ ✾ ✺ ✿ ✻ ❶ ➋ ↔
➆
➄
●
➆
✈✼ ✺ ✻ ❄ ❁ ✿ ❇ ✼ ✽ ✹ ✿
↕
■ ❄ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈
➄
❇
➆
✈✼ ✺ ✻ ❄ ❋ ❋ ✾ ✺ ❇ ❄ ● ✾ ✿ ✼ ✽ ❄ ❋ ❄ ✹ ✼ ✺ ❇ ✾ ✿ P ❄ ❈ ❍ ❄ ✾ ✻ ✽ ✼ ✽ ❄ ● ✽ ❍ ❉ ✽ ✹ ❄ ✻ ❉✻ ✼ ✿ ❏ ✽ ❅ ❋ ❄ ✹ ✼ ✺ ❇ ✾ ✿ ✻ P ❋ ✹ ✽ ❁ ✺ ❍ ✿ ❍ ➒
✺ ✻ ✼ ❃ ✿ ✼ ✽ ✼ ❄ ✾ ✿ ❖ ✼ ✿ ✹ ❈ ❄ ✾ ❅ ✽ ✹ ❇ ✿ ✽ ❈ ✼ ❃ ✿ ✻ ❉✻ ✼ ✿ ❏ ❄ ❈ ❍ ❶ ✺ ✻ ✼ ❃ ✿ ❄ ❇ ❇ ✿ ✾ ✿ ✹ ❄ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈ ✽ ❅ ✼ ❃ ✿ ✻ ❉✻ ✼ ✿ ❏ ❄ ✻
❄ ❂ ❃ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✸
➄
❍
➆
➒ ❄ ✼ ❄ ❋ ✽ ✺ ❈ ✼ ❄ ✼ ❄ ❇ ✿ ✹ ✼ ❄ ✺ ❈ ✺ ❈ ✻ ✼ ❄ ❈ ✼ ❍ ✿ ✼ ✿ ✹ ❏ ✺ ❈ ✿ ✻ ❶ ❄ ✼ ✼ ❃ ✿ ✻ ❄ ❏ ✿ ❋ ✽ ✺ ❈ ✼ ❄ ✼ ✼ ❃ ❄ ✼ ✺ ❈ ✻ ✼ ❄ ❈ ✼ ✸
➐
❃ ❄ ✼ ✺ ✻ ✼ ❃ ✿
➔
✿ ❇ ✽ ❈ ❍ ② ❄ ❂ ✺ ✻ ❄ ✾ ✽ ❇ ❄ ✾ ✾ ❄ ❂ ➙ ❶ ❄ ✼ ❄ ❈ ✺ ❈ ✻ ✼ ❄ ❈ ✼ ❍ ✽ ✿ ✻ ❈ ✽ ✼ ❍ ✿ ❋ ✿ ❈ ❍ ✽ ❈ ✼ ❃ ✿
❃ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✹ ❉ ✽ ❅ ❏ ✽ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈ ✸
➛
✸ ✈❏ ❋ ■✾ ✻ ✿ ✺ ✻ ✼ ❃ ✿ ❋ ✹ ✽ ❍ ■❇ ✼ ✽ ❅ ❅ ✽ ✹ ❇ ✿ ❄ ❈ ❍ ✼ ✺ ❏ ✿ ❂ ❃ ✺ ❇ ❃ ✿
↕
■ ❄ ✾ ✻ ❇ ❃ ❄ ❈ ❑ ✿ ✺ ❈ ❏ ✽ ❏ ✿ ❈ ✼ ■ ❏ ✸
➐
❃ ✿ ❈ ✽ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈ ✽ ❅ ✺ ❏ ❋ ■✾ ✻ ✿ ✺ ✻ ■✻ ✿ ❅ ■✾ ❂ ❃ ✿ ❈ ❄ ✾ ❄ ✹ ❑ ✿ ❅ ✽ ✹ ❇ ✿ ❄ ❇ ✼ ✻ ❅ ✽ ✹ ❄ ✻ ❃ ✽ ✹ ✼ ✼ ✺ ❏ ✿ ✼ ✽ ❋ ✹ ✽ ❍ ■❇ ✿ ❄
❏ ✿ ❄ ✻ ■✹ ❄ ● ✾ ✿ ❇ ❃ ❄ ❈ ❑ ✿ ✺ ❈ ❏ ✽ ❏ ✿ ❈ ✼ ■ ❏ ✸
➔
✺ ❈ ❇ ✿ ✼ ❃ ✿ ✼ ✺ ❏ ✿ ✽ ❅ ❄ ❇ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈ ✽ ❅ ✼ ❃ ✿ ❅ ✽ ✹ ❇ ✿ ✺ ✻ ❁ ✿ ✹ ❉ ✻ ❃ ✽ ✹ ✼ P
✽ ❈ ✿ ❇ ❄ ❈ ❄ ✻ ✻ ■ ❏ ✿ ✼ ❃ ❄ ✼ ✼ ❃ ✿ ✹ ✿ ✺ ✻ ❈ ✽ ❄ ❋ ❋ ✹ ✿ ❇ ✺ ❄ ● ✾ ✿ ❇ ❃ ❄ ❈ ❑ ✿ ✺ ❈ ✼ ❃ ✿ ❋ ✽ ✻ ✺ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈ ✽ ❅ ✼ ❃ ✿ ● ✽ ❍ ❉ ❍ ■✹ ✺ ❈ ❑
✼ ❃ ✿ ❄ ❇ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈ ✽ ❅ ✼ ❃ ✿ ✺ ❏ ❋ ■✾ ✻ ✺ ❁ ✿ ❅ ✽ ✹ ❇ ✿ ✸
➜
✸ ◗ ✿ ❂ ✼ ✽ ❈ ❀ ✻ ✼ ❃ ✺ ✹ ❍ ✾ ❄ ❂ ✽ ❅ ❏ ✽ ✼ ✺ ✽ ❈
❯
➍ ❭ ❳ ❲ ❳❨ ❩ ✐ ❫ ❵❜ ❭❴ ♣ ❵♠ ❳❨ ❳ ❜ ❣ ✐ ♥
r
✐ ❩ ❣ ✐ ❴ ❳ ➝ ❡ ✐ ♥ ✐ ❴ ❪ ❭
✉ ✉
❭ ❣ ❜ ❵❳ ❨ ❳ ✐ ❫ ❵❜ ❭❴
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
■✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✟ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✞ ✕ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✗✟ ✘
❋ ✙✚ ✛ ✜✢ ✣ ✤ ✤ ✥ ✦✧ ✚ ✜ ✥ ★ ✩✥ ✪ ✢ ✙ ✛ ✛ ✧ ✚ ✫ ✜✦✩ ✜✜✤ ✬ ✥ ✣ ✚ ✢ ✙ ✭ ✫ ✙ ✮ ✣ ✜✢✯ ❋ ✙✚ ✛ ✜ ✙✤ ✥ ✫ ✙ ✮ ✪ ✰ ✫ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✮ ✪
❇ ✣ ✢ ✜ ✱ ✧ ✥ ★ ✥ ✤ ✮ ✙ ✬ ✬ ✙✢ ✣ ✦✜ ✦✙ ✦✲ ✜ ✭ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✙✤ ✦✲ ✜ ✫ ✙ ✮ ✪ ❇ ✫ ✪ ✰ ✯
❆✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✒ ✞ ✖ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✴ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✟ ✒ ✎ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✗☞ ✍ ✒ ✞ ✌ ✳ ✗✟ ✴ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✟ ✵ ✷ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✞ ✳ ✔ ✒ ✗✟ ✌ ✸ ✌ ✴ ✴ ✌ ✔ ✍
✎ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✌ ✞ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✒ ✞ ✖ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✵ ❆✞
r
✳ ✴ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✳ ✡ ✗✍ ✗ ✒ ☞ ✴ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✟ ✔ ✒ ✞ ✕ ✌
✔ ✒ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✒ ✞ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✳ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✵ ❆✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✒ ✞ ✖ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✳ ✞ ✖ ✠ ✴ ✴ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✞ ✍
✕ ✳ ✖ ✠ ✌ ✟ ✒ ✞ ✖ ✟ ✳ ✍ ✑ ✌
r
✔ ✒ ✞ ✞ ✳ ✍ ✕ ✌ ✔ ✒ ✞ ✔ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✖ ✳ ✗✍ ✵ ✷ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✞ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✞ ✒ ☞ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✒ ✞ ✖ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞
✴ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✟ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✌ ✞ ✖ ✠ ✴ ✴ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✟ ✳ ✴ ✒ ✕ ✳ ✖
r
✖ ✳ ✏ ✑ ✳ ✓ ✌
❡
✌ ✎ ✏ ✟ ✗✡ ✍ ✳
✹
✌ ✎ ✳ ✵
✼
✵
▲ ✥ ✩ ✙ ✭ ✺ ✙✤ ✢✜ ✚ ✻ ✥ ✦✣ ✙✤ ✙ ✭ ✽ ✙✾✜✤ ✦✧ ✾
✷ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✳ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✡ ✳ ✡ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✗✡ ✳ ✴ ✒ ✞ ✠ ✟ ✳ ☞ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✟
r
✟ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✳ ✴ ☛ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✔ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✔ ✳ ✞ ✟ ✌ ✎
❡
✌ ✖ ✵ ✷ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✓
✴ ✳ ☞ ☞ ✳ ✓ ✟ ✴ ✎ ✳ ✡ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✳ ✞ ✖ ✒ ✞ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✠ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✒ ✓ ✳ ✴ ✡ ✳ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✵
✿
✵
❋ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✦ ✣ ✙✤
❀ ✎ ✠ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✒ ☞ ✴ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✳ ☛ ☛ ✳ ✟ ✌ ✟ ❁ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✖ ✠ ✞ ❂ ✳ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✗ ✒ ☞ ❃ ✎ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✍ ✠
❡
✌ ✡ ✳ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✓ ✳
✟ ✗✎ ✴ ✒ ✔ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✔ ✳ ✞ ✍ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✵ ■✍ ✠ ✟ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✳ ✡ ☛ ✳ ✞ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✳ ✴ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✳ ✞ ✍ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✴ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✳ ✞ ❂ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✳ ✡ ✡ ✳ ✞
✍ ✒ ✞ ❂ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✍ ✳ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✗✎ ✴ ✒ ✔ ✌ ✠ ✞ ✔ ✳ ✞ ✍ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✵
t
✍ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✔ ✴ ✎ ✠ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞
✭
s
✳ ☛ ☛ ✳ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✖ ✠ ✞ ❂ ✎ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✍ ✠
❡
✌
✡ ✳ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ♠ ❄ ✠ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✔ ✴ ✎ ✠ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞
✭
❦
✳ ☛ ☛ ✳ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✗ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✍ ✠
❡
✌ ✡ ✳ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✵ ✷ ✑ ✌
r
✒ ✎ ✌ ✠ ✞ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✖ ✌ ✞ ✍
✳ ✴ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✳ ✴ ✔ ✳ ✞ ✍ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✒ ✞ ✖ ✟ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✟ ✴
r
✍ ✑ ✌ ✴ ✳ ☞ ☞ ✳ ✓ ✠ ✞ ❂ ✒ ☛ ☛ ✎ ✳
♦
✠ ✡ ✒ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✓ ✟ ✘
❅ ❈
❉ ❊ ①
❢ ❢ ●
❍ ❍ ❍
❏ ❑ ➭
❄ ❄
✭ ▼◆ ❖
❖
s
❁ ✔ ✳ ✸ ✌ ✴ ✴ ✠ ✔ ✠ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✳ ✴ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✔ ✴ ✎ ✠ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ❃ ✒ ✞ ✖
❖
❦
❁ ✔ ✳ ✸ ✌ ✴ ✴ ✠ ✔ ✠ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✳ ✴ ❄ ✠ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✔ ✴ ✎ ✠ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ❃ ✒ ✎ ✌
✔ ✳ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✞ ✍ ✟ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✔ ✳ ✴ ✍ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✒ ✠ ✎ ✳ ✴ ✟ ✗ ✎ ✴ ✒ ✔ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✔ ✳ ✞ ✍ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✵ ■ ✍ ✠ ✟ ✴ ✳ ✗ ✞ ✖
✌
♦
☛ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✒ ☞ ☞
r
✍ ✑ ✒ ✍
❖
❦
✠ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✟ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✞
❖
s
✵
◗ ❘ ❙ ❚ ❯ ❱ ❯ ❘ ◗ ❘ ❚ ❲ ❳ ❨
❩ ✵ ❀ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✞ ✳ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✓ ✒
r
✟ ✠ ✞ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✖ ✠ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✳ ✴ ✡ ✳ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✵ ❬ ✌ ☛ ✌ ✞ ✖ ✠ ✞ ❂ ✳ ✞ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✏ ❭
✡ ✒
r
✕ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✳ ✞ ❂
✈
✏ ✳ ☛ ☛ ✳ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✳
✈
✏ ✞ ✳ ✎ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✍ ✳
✈
✳ ✎ ✡ ✒
r
✡ ✒ ❄ ✌ ✟ ✳ ✡ ✌ ✳ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✞ ❂☞ ✌ ✓ ✠ ✍ ✑
✈
✵ ■✞ ✌
❡
✌ ✎
r
✔ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✟ ☛ ✒ ✎ ✒ ☞ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✳ ✒ ✔ ✔ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✵
❪ ✵ ■ ✴
✈
❫ ❴ ✒ ✍ ✒ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✞ ✍ ✏ ✠ ✵ ✌ ✵ ✠ ✴ ✒ ✕ ✳ ✖
r
✠ ✟ ✡ ✳ ✡ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✠ ☞
r
✒ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✖ ✳ ✌ ✟ ✞ ✳ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✞ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✍
✴ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✳ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✔ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✒ ✎ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✔ ✌ ✟ ✟ ✒ ✎ ✠ ☞
r ✹
✌ ✎ ✳ ✒ ✍ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✞ ✍ ✵ ❀ ✳ ✎ ✌
♦
✒ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✞ ✒
✕ ✒ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✳ ✓ ✞ ✗☛ ✓ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✒
♦
✠ ✡ ✗✡ ✑ ✌ ✠ ❂✑ ✍ ✏
✈
❫ ❴ ✕ ✗✍ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✴ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✔ ✳ ✞ ✍ ✠ ✞ ✗ ✌ ✟
✍ ✳ ✕ ✌ ✠ ✍ ✟ ✓ ✌ ✠ ❂✑ ✍
✾
❵ ✒ ✞ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✔ ✔ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✠ ✟ ✞ ✳ ✍
✹
✌ ✎ ✳ ✕ ✗✍ ❵ ✵
❛
✵ ❀ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✳ ✞ ✒ ✕ ✳ ✖
r
✒ ✍ ✒ ❂✠
❡
✌ ✞ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✖ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✌ ✖ ✕
r
✍ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✒ ✍ ✍ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✳ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✳ ✴
✍ ✑ ✌ ✕ ✳ ✖
r
✒ ✍ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✵ ❀ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✞ ✳ ✍ ❜ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✌ ✖ ❝ ✕
r
✍ ✑ ✌ ✕ ✳ ✖
r
✴ ✎ ✳ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✠ ✟ ✍ ✳ ✎
r
✳ ✴ ✡ ✳ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ✵ ✷ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✳ ✡ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✒ ✴ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✟ ✍ ✳ ✞ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✎ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✖ ✳ ✗✍ ✳ ✴ ✒ ✞ ✒ ✔ ✔ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✞ ✏
✍ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✞ ✳ ✑ ✳ ✎ ✠
✹
✳ ✞ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✴ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ❁ ✳ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✔ ✌ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ❃ ✳ ✞ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✳ ✞ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✴ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✌ ✴ ✴ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✟ ✳ ✴ ✍ ✑ ✌
✟ ✗✎ ✎ ✳ ✗✞ ✖ ✠ ✞ ❂ ✒ ✠ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✌ ✞ ✌ ❂☞ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✵ ✷ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✳ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✞ ✑ ✒ ✟ ✳ ✞ ☞
r
✍ ✑ ✌
❡
✌ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✔ ✒ ☞ ✴ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✳ ✴
❂✎ ✒
❡
✠ ✍
r
✵
❞
✵ ■✞ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✳ ✞ ✖ ☞ ✒ ✓ ✳ ✴ ✡ ✳ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✞ ❭
❣ ✾ ❤
✏ ❭ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✞ ✖ ✟ ✴ ✳ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✴ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✖ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✳ ✒ ☞ ☞
✡ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✒ ☞ ✒ ❂ ✌ ✞ ✔ ✠ ✌ ✟ ✌
♦
✍ ✌ ✎ ✞ ✒ ☞ ✍ ✳ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✕ ✳ ✖
r
✵
❤
✠ ✟ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✌ ✴ ✴ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✳ ✴ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✴ ✳ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✵
✾❤
✟ ✑ ✳ ✗☞ ✖
▲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟ ✶ ✠ ✡
♥ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✍ ❡✏ ✎ ❞ ✍ ❞ ✏ ✑ ✒✍ ☞ ✏ ♥ ☛ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✗ ❞ ✍ ✑ ❋✳
✺
✳
❚
✓ ✍ ✕ ✍ ♥ ☞ ✎ ✗
✘
✍ ☞ ✏
✙
✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✓ ☛
✚ ✙
❞ ♥ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✍ ❡✏ ✎ ❞ ✍ ❞ ✏ ✑ ✒✍ ☞ ✏ ♥ ☛ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✎
✛
✗ ♥ ❞ ☛ ✔ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✳
✜
☞ ✗ ✑
✑ ✗
s ✘ ✙
✒ ✏ ♥ ✏
s
✍ ❡ ✗
✢
✍ ♥ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✏ ☞
✘
✎ ☛
✢
✗ ❞ ✍ ✑ ✗ ♥
✣
✏ ✎ ❞ ✎ ✏ ❞ ✗ ✏
✙
✏ ✕ ✕ ✍
✙
✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ☞ ☛ ✏
✌ ☛ ❞ ✒ ✗ ♥ ✕ ✗ ✎ ✕
✚ ✙
✏ ✎
s
☛ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✳ ❝ ✍ ✑ ✓ ☛
✚ ✙
❞ ✏
✙ ✣
✏ ✒✑
✙
☛ ☛
✛
✔ ☛ ✎ ✑ ☛
s
✍
s
✏ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✏
✙
✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍
✙
✗
✛
✍
☞ ✍ ♥ ✑ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✖ ❡ ✎ ✏
✢
✗ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✏
✙
✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✍
✙
✍ ✕ ☞ ✎ ✗ ✕ ✏
✙
✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✖ ✍ ☞ ✕ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✍ ♥ ☞ ✎ ✗
✘
✍ ☞ ✏
✙
✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍
✗ ♥ ✏ ♥ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✎ ✕
✚ ✙
✏ ✎
s
☛ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✳
✻ ✳ ❙ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✗ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✍
✙
✔ ✤ ✏ ❞ ✥
✚
✑ ☞ ✗ ♥ ❡ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍
✚✘
☞ ☛ ✗ ☞ ✑
✙
✗
s
✗ ☞ ➭
✦
✧ ★ ❢
✩
✪ ✫
✩
✧ ✬ ✳ ✭ ☛ ♥ ☛ ☞
✘ ✚
☞
❢
✩
❂
✫
✩
✧
✣
✗ ☞ ✓ ☛
✚
☞ ✌ ✍ ✗ ♥ ❡ ✑
✚
✎ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✏ ☞ ☞ ✓ ✍
s
✏
✮
✗
s ✚ s ✢
✏
✙ ✚
✍ ☛ ✔ ✑ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✗ ✑ ✕ ☛
s
✗ ♥ ❡
✗ ♥ ☞ ☛
✘ ✙
✏ ✒✳
✼ ✳
❚
✓ ✍ ✔ ✏
s
✗
✙
✗ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✯
✚
✏ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ♠✰
❂
✱ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✌ ☛ ❞ ✒ ☛ ♥ ✏ ☞ ✏ ✌
✙
✍ ✗ ✑ ☞ ✎
✚
✍ ☛ ♥
✙
✒ ✗ ✔ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✌ ☛ ❞ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✗ ♥
✍ ✯
✚
✗
✙
✗ ✌ ✎ ✗
✚ s
✳
❚
✓ ✍ ☞
✣
☛ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✑ ♠✰ ✏ ♥ ❞ ✱ ✕ ✏ ♥ ✌ ✍ ❞ ✗ ✔ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✍ ♥ ☞
✲
✍ ✳ ❡ ✳ ✏ ✌ ☛ ❞ ✒ ✗ ♥ ✏ ♥
✏ ✕ ✕ ✍
✙
✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✍ ❞
✙
✗ ✔ ☞
❛
✳
❚
✓ ✍ ✍ ✯
✚
✏
✙
✗ ☞ ✒ ☛ ✔ ♠✰ ✏ ♥ ❞ ✱ ✓ ✏ ✑ ♥ ☛ ✕ ☛ ♥ ♥ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥
✣
✗ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✗ ✎ ❞
✙
✏
✣
✳
✽
✳
❚
✓ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✎
s
✑
✴
✏ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥
✵
✏ ♥ ❞
✴
✎ ✍ ✏ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥
✵
✗ ♥ ☞ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✗ ✎ ❞
✷
✏
✣
☛ ✔
✸
☛ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✑ ✗
s ✘ ✙
✒ ✑ ☞ ✏ ♥ ❞ ✔ ☛ ✎
✑ ✗
s ✚ ✙
☞ ✏ ♥ ✍ ☛
✚
✑
s ✚
☞
✚
✏
✙
✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✍ ☞
✣
✍ ✍ ♥ ✏
✘
✏ ✗ ✎ ☛ ✔ ✌ ☛ ❞ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✳
✹
♥
✙
✗
✛
✍ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✎
s
✍ ✏ ♥ ✗ ♥ ❡ ✗ ♥
☛ ✎ ❞ ✗ ♥ ✏ ✎ ✒
✙
✏ ♥ ❡
✚
✏ ❡ ✍ ✖ ✏ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ❞ ☛ ✍ ✑ ♥ ☛ ☞
✘
✎ ✍ ✕ ✍ ❞ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✏
✚
✑ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✳ ♦✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✏ ♥ ❞ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥
✏ ✕ ☞ ☛ ♥ ❞ ✗ ✔ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✍ ♥ ☞ ✌ ☛ ❞ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✳
✾
✳
❚
✓ ✍ ❞ ✗ ✔ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✍ ♥ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✎
s
✑
✙
✗
✛
✍
✴
✔ ✎ ✗ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥
✵
✖
✴
♥ ☛ ✎
s
✏
✙
✎ ✍ ✏ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥
✵ ✴
☞ ✍ ♥ ✑ ✗ ☛ ♥
✵
✖
✴
✏ ✗ ✎ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✑ ☞ ✏ ♥ ✕ ✍
✵
✖
✴ ✢
✗ ✑ ✕ ☛
✚
✑ ❞ ✎ ✏ ❡
✵
✖
✴
☞ ✓ ✎
✚
✑ ☞
✵
✖
✴
✌
✚
☛ ✒ ✏ ♥ ✕ ✒
✵ ✴ ✣
✍ ✗ ❡✓ ☞
✵ ✴
✕ ✍ ♥ ☞ ✎ ✗
✘
✍ ☞ ✏
✙
✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍
✵
✏
✙ ✙
✑ ☞ ✏ ♥ ❞ ✔ ☛ ✎
✴
✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍
✵
✗ ♥ ❞ ✗ ✔ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✍ ♥ ☞ ✕ ☛ ♥ ☞ ✍
✮
☞ ✑ ✳
✐
☛ ✎ ✕
✙
✏ ✎ ✗ ☞ ✒ ✖ ✍
✢
✍ ✎ ✒ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✏ ♥ ❞ ✗ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✯
✚
✗
✢
✏
✙
✍ ♥ ☞ ☞ ✍ ✎
s
✑
✍ ♥ ✕ ☛
✚
♥ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✍ ❞ ✗ ♥
s
✍ ✕ ✓ ✏ ♥ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✑ ✓ ☛
✚ ✙
❞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✍ ❞
✚
✕ ✍ ❞ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✓ ✍
✘
✓ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✍
✴
✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ☛ ♥
❆
✌ ✒
❇ ✵
✳
✿ ❀ ✳
✐
☛ ✎ ✏
✘ ✘ ✙
✒✗ ♥ ❡ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✕ ☛ ♥ ❞
✙
✏
✣
☛ ✔
s
☛ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✖ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✑ ♥ ☛ ✕ ☛ ♥ ✕ ✍
✘
☞
✚
✏
✙
❞ ✗ ✑ ☞ ✗ ♥ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✌ ✍ ☞
✣
✍ ✍ ♥
✗ ♥ ✏ ♥ ✗
s
✏ ☞ ✍ ✏ ♥ ❞ ✏ ♥ ✗
s
✏ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✑ ✳ ♦ ♥ ✏ ♥ ✗
s
✏ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✑
✚
✕ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✓
✚ s
✏ ♥ ✏
✙
✑ ☛
✎ ✍ ✯
✚
✗ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✏ ♥ ✍
✮
☞ ✍ ✎ ♥ ✏
✙
✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ☞ ☛ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✍
✙
✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✳
✐
☛ ✎ ✍
✮
✏
s ✘ ✙
✍ ✖
✣
✗ ☞ ✓ ☛
✚
☞ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✍
✮
☞ ✍ ✎ ♥ ✏
✙
✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✔ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✖
✣
✍ ✕ ✏ ♥ ♥ ☛ ☞
✣
✏
✙ ✛
☛ ♥ ☞ ✓ ✍ ❡ ✎ ☛
✚
♥ ❞ ✳
✿ ✿ ✳
❚
✓ ✍ ☛ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✗
✢
✍ ✕ ☛ ♥ ✕ ✍
✘
☞ ☛ ✔ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✗ ♥
✘
✓ ✒✑ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✑ ✓ ☛
✚ ✙
❞ ♥ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✕ ☛ ♥ ✔
✚
✑ ✍ ❞
✣
✗ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✓ ✍
✑
✚
✌ ✥ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✗
✢
✍ ✕ ☛ ♥ ✕ ✍
✘
☞ ☛ ✔ ☞ ✓ ✍
✴
✔ ✍ ✍
✙
✗ ♥ ❡ ☛ ✔ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍
✵
✳
❁
♥ ✏
s
✍ ✎ ✎ ✒ ✤ ❡☛ ✤ ✏ ✎ ☛
✚
♥ ❞ ✖ ✏
✙ ✙ ✘
✏ ✎ ☞ ✑ ☛ ✔
☛
✚
✎ ✌ ☛ ❞ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✑
✚
✌ ✥ ✍ ✕ ☞ ☞ ☛ ✏ ♥ ✗ ♥
✣
✏ ✎ ❞ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✌
✚
☞
✣
✍ ✓ ✏
✢
✍ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✍
✙
✗ ♥ ❡ ☛ ✔ ✌ ✍ ✗ ♥ ❡
✘ ✚
✑ ✓ ✍ ❞
☛
✚
☞
✣
✏ ✎ ❞ ❃ ☞ ✓ ✍ ❞ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ☛ ✔ ✗
s ✘
✍ ♥ ❞ ✗ ♥ ❡
s
☛ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥
❊ ❄ ❊ ❅ ❈ ❉ ● ❊ ●
✲ ✐
☛ ✎ ✑ ✗
s ✘ ✙
✗ ✕ ✗ ☞ ✒ ✗ ♥ ♥
✚ s
✍ ✎ ✗ ✕ ✏
✙
✕ ✏
✙
✕
✚ ✙
✏ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✑ ✖ ☞ ✏
✛
✍ ✰
❍
✿ ❀
s
✑
■ ❏
❛
❑ ▼◆ ❖ ✗
✢
✍ ☞ ✓ ✍
s
✏ ❡ ♥ ✗ ☞
✚
❞ ✍ ✏ ♥ ❞ ❞ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ☛ ✔ ☞ ✓ ✍ ♥ ✍ ☞ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✏ ✕ ☞ ✗ ♥ ❡ ☛ ♥
✲
✏
❛
✏ ❞ ✎ ☛
✘
☛ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✔ ✏
✙ ✙
✗ ♥ ❡ ❞ ☛
✣
♥
✣
✗ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✕ ☛ ♥ ✑ ☞ ✏ ♥ ☞ ✑
✘
✍ ✍ ❞ ✖
✲
✌
❛
✏ ✕ ☛ ✎
✛
☛ ✔
s
✏ ✑ ✑ ✿ ❀ ❡ ✔
✙
☛ ✏ ☞ ✗ ♥ ❡ ☛ ♥
✣
✏ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✖
✲
✕
❛
✏
✛
✗ ☞ ✍ ✑
✛
✗
✙ ✙
✔
✚ ✙ ✙
✒ ✓ ✍
✙
❞ ✑ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✗ ♥ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✑
✛
✒✖
✲
❞
❛
✏ ✕ ✏ ✎
s
☛
✢
✗ ♥ ❡
✣
✗ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✕ ☛ ♥ ✑ ☞ ✏ ♥ ☞
✢
✍
✙
☛ ✕ ✗ ☞ ✒ ☛ ✔
P
❀
✛ s ◗
✓ ☛ ♥ ✏ ✎ ☛
✚
❡✓ ✎ ☛ ✏ ❞ ✖
✲
✍
❛
✏ ✓ ✗ ❡✓ ✤ ✑
✘
✍ ✍ ❞ ✍
✙
✍ ✕ ☞ ✎ ☛ ♥ ✗ ♥ ✑
✘
✏ ✕ ✍ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✎ ☛
s
✏
✙ ✙ s
✏ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✏
✙
☛ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✑ ✖ ✏ ♥ ❞ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✔
✍
✙
✍ ✕ ☞ ✎ ✗ ✕ ✏ ♥ ❞
s
✏ ❡ ♥ ✍ ☞ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✍
✙
❞ ✑ ✳
❑ ▼❘ ♦
✘
✍ ✌ ✌
✙
✍ ☛ ✔
s
✏ ✑ ✑ ❀ ✳ ❀
✺ ✛
❡ ✗ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✎ ☛
✣
♥
✢
✍ ✎ ☞ ✗ ✕ ✏
✙ ✙
✒
✚✘ ✣
✏ ✎ ❞ ✑ ✳ ❖ ✗
✢
✍ ☞ ✓ ✍ ❞ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥
✏ ♥ ❞
s
✏ ❡ ♥ ✗ ☞
✚
❞ ✍ ☛ ✔ ☞ ✓ ✍ ♥ ✍ ☞ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ☛ ♥ ☞ ✓ ✍
✘
✍ ✌ ✌
✙
✍ ✖
✲
✏
❛
❞
✚
✎ ✗ ♥ ❡ ✗ ☞ ✑
✚✘ ✣
✏ ✎ ❞
s
☛ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✖
✲
✌
❛
❞
✚
✎ ✗ ♥ ❡ ✗ ☞ ✑ ❞ ☛
✣
♥
✣
✏ ✎ ❞
s
☛ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✖
✲
✕
❛
✏ ☞ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✗ ❡✓ ✍ ✑ ☞
✘
☛ ✗ ♥ ☞
✣
✓ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✗ ✑
s
☛
s
✍ ♥ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✗
✙
✒ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✳ ✭ ☛ ✒ ☛
✚
✎ ✏ ♥ ✑
✣
✍ ✎ ✑
✕ ✓ ✏ ♥ ❡ ✍ ✗ ✔ ☞ ✓ ✍
✘
✍ ✌ ✌
✙
✍
✣
✏ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✎ ☛
✣
♥ ✏ ☞ ✏ ♥ ✏ ♥ ❡
✙
✍ ☛ ✔
❯ ✺ ❱ ✣
✗ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✓ ☛ ✎ ✗
❲
☛ ♥ ☞ ✏
✙
❞ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ❳
✜
❡ ♥ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✎ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✑ ☞ ✏ ♥ ✕ ✍ ✳
❑ ▼❨ ❖ ✗
✢
✍ ☞ ✓ ✍
s
✏ ❡ ♥ ✗ ☞
✚
❞ ✍ ✏ ♥ ❞ ❞ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✕ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ☛ ✔ ☞ ✓ ✍ ♥ ✍ ☞ ✔ ☛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✏ ✕ ☞ ✗ ♥ ❡ ☛ ♥ ✏ ✑ ☞ ☛ ♥ ✍ ☛ ✔
s
✏ ✑ ✑
❀ ✳ ✿
✛
❡ ✖
✲
✏
❛
✥
✚
✑ ☞ ✏ ✔ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✗ ☞ ✗ ✑ ❞ ✎ ☛
✘ ✘
✍ ❞ ✔ ✎ ☛
s
☞ ✓ ✍
✣
✗ ♥ ❞ ☛
✣
☛ ✔ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✗ ☛ ♥ ✏ ✎ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✖
✲
✌
❛
✥
✚
✑ ☞ ✏ ✔ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✗ ☞ ✗ ✑ ❞ ✎ ☛
✘ ✘
✍ ❞ ✔ ✎ ☛
s
☞ ✓ ✍
✣
✗ ♥ ❞ ☛
✣
☛ ✔ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✎
✚
♥ ♥ ✗ ♥ ❡ ✏ ☞ ✏ ✕ ☛ ♥ ✑ ☞ ✏ ♥ ☞
✢
✍
✙
☛ ✕ ✗ ☞ ✒ ☛ ✔
P
✻
✛ s ◗
✓ ✖
✲
✕
❛
✥
✚
✑ ☞ ✏ ✔ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✗ ☞ ✗ ✑ ❞ ✎ ☛
✘ ✘
✍ ❞ ✔ ✎ ☛
s
☞ ✓ ✍
✣
✗ ♥ ❞ ☛
✣
☛ ✔ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✍
✙
✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✗ ♥ ❡
✣
✗ ☞ ✓ ✿
s
✑
■ ❏
✖
✲
❞
❛ ✙
✒✗ ♥ ❡ ☛ ♥ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✔
✙
☛ ☛ ✎ ☛ ✔ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥
✣
✓ ✗ ✕ ✓ ✗ ✑ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✍
✙
✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✗ ♥ ❡
✣
✗ ☞ ✓ ✿
s
✑
■ ❏
✖ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✑ ☞ ☛ ♥ ✍
✌ ✍ ✗ ♥ ❡ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✍
✙
✏ ☞ ✗
✢
✍ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✗ ♥ ✳
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✶ ✆
◆ ✝ ✞✟ ✝ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✝ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✝ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✞✏ ✑ ✒✡ ✓
✺ ✔✕ ❖ ✎ ✝ ✝ ✎ ✖ ✑ ✗ ☛ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✑ ✗ ✟ ✝ ✎ ✞ ✡ ✏ ❧ ☞ ✍ ✠ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✝ ✠ ✡ ✝ ✖ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✥ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✝ ✑ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✍ ♠ ☛ ✎ ✖ ✡ ✏ ✝
✑ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✌ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✟ ✥ ✝ ✞ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✑ ✡ ✏ ✏ ✑ ✌ ☞
♦
✑ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✡ ☛
✙
✟ ✝ ✓
✚
✗ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✥ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✝ ✘ ✑
✛
✝ ✍ ☞ ✎ ☛
✠ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✝ ❝ ☞ ✡ ✏ ✍ ✥ ✝ ✝ ✖ ✈ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✝ ✡ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✥ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✝ ✜ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✠ ✡ ✝ ✖ ✡ ✑ ❝ ☛ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✠ ✝ ✎ ✡ ✌ ✝ ✢
☞ ✍ ✐
✜ ☞ ✢
❚ ✣
✜ ☞ ☞ ✢
✤
✦ ✧
★
✷
❾
✱
✜ ☞ ☞ ☞ ✢
✤
✦ ✧
✰ ★
✷
✱
✜ ☞
✛
✢
✩
❚
☞ ✍ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✡ ✝ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✞✓
✪ ✫
✏ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✝ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✌ ✝ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✡ ✝ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✡ ☞
✛
✝
✬
✓
✺ ✔ ✺ ❆ ✠ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✡ ✌ ✝ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✝ ✑ ✗ ✭
✩
◆ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✥ ✥ ✟ ☞ ✝ ✖ ✡ ✑ ☛
✙
✑ ✖ ✮ ✑ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✍ ✯
✩
✲ ✞ ✘ ✑
✛
☞ ✎ ✞
☞ ✎ ☞ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✟ ✮ ❝ ☞ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✥ ✝ ✝ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✳ ✭ ✘ ✍
✴ ✵
✓ ✸ ✑ ❝ ✟ ✑ ✎ ✞ ✖ ✑ ✝ ✍ ✡ ✏ ✝
✙
✑ ✖ ✮ ✡ ☛ ✲ ✝ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✑ ✥ ✹
✺ ✔
✻
❆ ✠ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✡ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✝ ☛ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✑ ✎ ☛
✙
✑ ✖ ✮ ✑ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✍
✼
✓
✩
✲ ✞ ✠ ✏ ☛ ✎ ✞✝ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✍ ✍ ✥ ✝ ✝ ✖ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✯ ✓
✩
✘ ✍
✴ ✵
✡ ✑
✼
✓ ✭ ✘ ✍
✴ ✵
☞ ✎ ✯ ✭ ✍ ✓
✽
✏ ✝ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✘ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝
✙
✑ ✖ ✮ ✌ ✝ ✘ ☛ ☞ ✎ ✍
✒ ✎ ✠ ✏ ☛ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✖ ✓
✉
✏ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✘ ☛ ✞✎ ☞ ✡ ✒✖ ✝ ☛ ✎ ✖ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✝ ✹
✺ ✔ ✾ ❆
✙
✑ ✖ ✮ ✑ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✍ ✭ ✲ ✞ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✝ ✖ ✒ ✥ ✑ ✎
✙
✮ ✡ ❝ ✑ ✥ ✝ ✌ ✥ ✝ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✠ ✒ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✿ ◆ ☛ ✎ ✖ ❀ ◆ ✓
●
☞
✛
✝ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✘ ☛ ✞ ✎ ☞ ✡ ✒✖ ✝ ☛ ✎ ✖ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝ ☛ ✠ ✠ ✝ ✟ ✝ ✌ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝
✙
✑ ✖ ✮✓
✺ ✔
❁ ✽
✏ ✝ ✖ ✌ ☞
✛
✝ ✌ ✑ ✗ ☛ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✝ ✝
❂
❝ ✏ ✝ ✝ ✟ ✝ ✌ ✘ ✑
✛
☞ ✎ ✞ ❝ ☞ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✥ ✝ ✝ ✖ ✑ ✗
✼
❀ ✲ ✘
❃
✏ ✍ ✝ ✝ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✟ ✖
✍ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✘ ☞ ✖ ✖ ✟ ✝ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✖ ☛ ✎ ✖
✙
✌ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✏ ☞ ✍
✛
✝ ✏ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✝ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✝ ✍ ✡ ☞ ✎ s ✓
✩
✍ ❄ ✒✍ ✡
☞ ✎ ✡ ☞ ✘ ✝ ✡ ✑ ✍ ☛
✛
✝ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✟ ✖ ✓
✉
✏ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✏ ✝ ☛
✛
✝ ✌ ☛ ✞ ✝ ✌ ✝ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✝
✛
✝ ✏ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✝ ✹
✽
✏ ✝ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✝ ✝
❂
❝ ✏ ✝ ✝ ✟ ✝ ✌ ☞ ✍ s
✩ ✩
✲ ✞ ☛ ✎ ✖ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✖ ✌ ☞
✛
✝ ✌ ☞ ✍ ❀ ✭ ✲ ✞✓
✺ ✔
❅
❆ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✲ ✝ ✡ ❝ ☞ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✟ ☞ ✗ ✡
❂
✑ ✗ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✍ ✯
✩ ✱ ✩ ✩ ✩
✲ ✞ ☞ ✍
✙
✟ ☛ ✍ ✡ ✝ ✖ ✒ ✥ ❝ ☛ ✌ ✖ ✍ ❝ ☞ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✎ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✟
☛ ✠ ✠ ✝ ✟ ✝ ✌ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✭ ✓
✩
✘ ✍
✴
❇
✓
✫
☛ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✟ ☛ ✡ ✝ ✡ ✏ ✝ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✒✍ ✡ ✜ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✝ ✢ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝
✙
✟ ☛ ✍ ✡ ✓
✺ ✔ ❈ ❉ ❆
✙
✑ ✖ ✮ ✑ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✍
✩
✓ s
✩
✲ ✞ ✘ ✑
✛
☞ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✟ ✮ ❝ ☞ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✥ ✝ ✝ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✳
✩
✘ ✍
✴ ✵
✡ ✑
✡ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✍ ✒
✙
❄ ✝ ✠ ✡ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✡ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✝ ✑ ✗ ✿ ✓
✩
◆ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✠ ✡ ✝ ✖ ✡ ✑ ❝ ☛ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✍ ✑ ✒✡ ✏
✗ ✑ ✌
✼ ✩
✍ ✓
✽
☛ ✲ ✝ ✡ ✏ ✝ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✡ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✝ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✥ ✥ ✟ ☞ ✝ ✖ ✡ ✑
✙
✝
t ❊ ✩ ✱
✡ ✏ ✝ ✥ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝
✙
✑ ✖ ✮ ☛ ✡ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✡ ☞ ✘ ✝ ✡ ✑
✙
✝
① ❊ ✩ ✱
☛ ✎ ✖ ✥ ✌ ✝ ✖ ☞ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✡ ✍ ✥ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✡ ✡
❊ ➊
✭ ✍
✱
✯ ✭ ✍
✱
✳
✩ ✩
✍ ✓
✺ ✔ ❈ ❈ ❆ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✠ ✲ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✝ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✖ ☛ ✠ ✠ ✝ ✟ ✝ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✘ ✟ ✮ ☛ ✡ ✯ ✓
✩
✘ ✍
❋ ❍
✓ ❆✡
t ❊
✳
✩
✍
✱
☛
✍ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✝ ☞ ✍ ✖ ✌ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✝ ✖
✙
✮ ☛ ✥ ✝ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✑ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✡ ✑ ✥ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✠ ✲ ✜ ❀ ✘ ✏ ☞ ✞✏ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✘
✡ ✏ ✝ ✞ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✢ ✓
✉
✏ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✝ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✜ ☛ ✢
✛
✝ ✟ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✮
✱
☛ ✎ ✖ ✜
✙
✢ ☛ ✠ ✠ ✝ ✟ ✝ ✌ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✍ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✝ ☛ ✡
t ❊
✳ ✳ ✍ ✹ ✜ ◆ ✝ ✞✟ ✝ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✝ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✝ ✓ ✢
✺ ✔ ❈ ■ ❆
✙
✑
✙
✑ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✍
✩
✓ ✳ ✲ ✞ ✏ ✒ ✎ ✞ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✠ ✝ ☞ ✟ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✑ ✗ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✑ ✘
✙
✮ ☛ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✯ ✘ ✟ ✑ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✍
✍ ✝ ✡ ☞ ✎ ✡ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✟ ✟ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✓
✽
✏ ✝ ✍ ✥ ✝ ✝ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝
✙
✑
✙
☛ ✡ ☞ ✡ ✍ ✘ ✝ ☛ ✎ ✥ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✳ ✘ ✍
❋
❏
✓
✉
✏ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✡ ✌ ☛ ❄ ✝ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✮ ✑ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝
✙
✑
✙
☞ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✠ ✒✡ ❝ ✏ ✝ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✝
✙
✑
✙
☞ ✍ ✜ ☛ ✢ ☛ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✝
✑ ✗ ☞ ✡ ✍ ✝
❑
✡ ✌ ✝ ✘ ✝ ✥ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✍
✱
✜
✙
✢ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✡ ✍ ✘ ✝ ☛ ✎ ✥ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✓
✺ ✔ ❈ ▲ ❆ ✘ ☛ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✍ ▼
✩
✲ ✞ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✎ ☛ ❝ ✝ ☞ ✞✏ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✝ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✟ ☞ ✗ ✡ ❝ ✏ ☞ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✘ ✑
✛
☞ ✎ ✞
✜ ☛ ✢ ✒ ✥ ❝ ☛ ✌ ✖ ✍ ❝ ☞ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✘ ✍ ✥ ✝ ✝ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✳
✩
✘ ✍
❋
❏
✱
✜
✙
✢ ✖ ✑ ❝ ✎ ❝ ☛ ✌ ✖ ✍ ❝ ☞ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✘ ☛ ✠ ✠ ✝ ✟ ✝ ✌ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✭ ✘ ✍
❋ ❍
✱
✜ ✠ ✢ ✒ ✥ ❝ ☛ ✌ ✖ ✍ ❝ ☞ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✘ ☛ ✠ ✠ ✝ ✟ ✝ ✌ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✭ ✘ ✍
❋ ❍
✓
✉
✏ ☛ ✡ ❝ ✑ ✒ ✟ ✖
✙
✝ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✌ ✝ ☛ ✖ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✝ ☞ ✎ ✝ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✠ ☛ ✍ ✝ ✹
✜ ✖ ✢
✉
✏ ☛ ✡ ❝ ✑ ✒ ✟ ✖
✙
✝ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✌ ✝ ☛ ✖ ☞ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✗ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✟ ☞ ✗ ✡ ✘ ✝ ✠ ✏ ☛ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✘ ✗ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✝ ✖ ☛ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✡ ✏ ✒✌ ✡ ✟ ✝ ✖
✖ ✑ ❝ ✎ ✗ ✌ ✝ ✝ ✟ ✮ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✝ ✌ ✞ ✌ ☛
✛
☞ ✡ ✮ ✹
✺ ✔ ❈ ✕
◗
☞ ✞ ✒✌ ✝ ✭ ✓ ✳ ❀ ✍ ✏ ✑ ❝ ✍ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✥ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎
❂
✡ ☞ ✘ ✝ ✞ ✌ ☛ ✥ ✏ ✑ ✗ ☛ ✥ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✝ ✑ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✍ s ✲ ✞✓
✉
✏ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✍
✡ ✏ ✝ ✜ ☛ ✢ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✝ ✑ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✥ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✝ ✗ ✑ ✌
t ❘ ✩ ✣ t ❙
s
❯ ✣ ✩ ❘ t ❘
s ✍ ✹ ✜
✙
✢ ☞ ✘ ✥ ✒ ✟ ✍ ✝ ☛ ✡
t ❱ ✩
☛ ✎ ✖
t ❱
s ✍ ✹ ✜
✫
✑ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✖ ✝ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✝
❂
✖ ☞ ✘ ✝ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✟ ✘ ✑ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✎ ✟ ✮✢ ✓
❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬❩❭❪
✺ ✔ ❈ ✺
✽
❝ ✑
✙
✑ ✖ ☞ ✝ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✍ ✝ ✍ ✳
✩
✲ ✞ ☛ ✎ ✖ ✯
✩
✲ ✞ ✌ ✝ ✍ ✥ ✝ ✠ ✡ ☞
✛
✝ ✟ ✮ ✲ ✝ ✥ ✡ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✑ ✡ ✏
✱
✏ ✑ ✌ ☞
♦
✑ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✟
✍ ✒✌ ✗ ☛ ✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✝ ✡ ☞ ✝ ✖ ✡ ✑ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✝ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✗ ☛ ✟ ☞ ✞✏ ✡ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✞✓ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✌ ☞
♦
✑ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✝
◗ ❊
❀
✩ ✩
◆ ☞ ✍
☛ ✥ ✥ ✟ ☞ ✝ ✖ ✡ ✑ ✜ ☞ ✢ ❆
✱
✜ ☞ ☞ ✢
❛
☛ ✟ ✑ ✎ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✝ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✞✓
✉
✏ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✏ ✝ ✡ ✝ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✝
▲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟ ✶ ✶ ✶
s ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✎ s ✍ ✒
✺ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❚ ✖ ✗ ✘
✎ s s ✍ s
✙ ✚
✌ ✎ ☞
✛ ✜ ✢ ✚
✌ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✏
✗
☞ ☞ ✍ ✏ ✠ ✍
✛
✎ ✠ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✠
✖ ✗
✍ ☞
✛
s
✗ ✣
✎
✤
☛ ✌✑ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✍
✥
✠ ✍ ☞ s ☛
✦ ✤
✍
s ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✑ ✎ ✠ ✌
✗
✍ s
✗
✧ ✍ ✡ ✎
✣
✡ ☛ ✏ ✠ ☛
✗
☞
✤
✍ s s ★ ✩
✤ ✤
✍ ✪✫ ✬ ☛ ☞
✛
✠ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✍
✤
✍ ✡ ✎ ✠ ☛
✗
☞
✗ ✣
✠ ✑ ✍
✘
✎ s s ✍ s ✭ ✎ ☞
✛
✠ ✑ ✍ ✠ ✍ ☞ s ☛
✗
☞ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✑ ✍ s ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌
✖
✑ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✑ ✍
✘
✎ s s ✍ s ✎ ✡ ✍ ✡ ✍
✤
✍ ✎ s ✍
✛
✫
✺ ✓ ✔ ✮ ❆
☞ ✩✏
✤
✍ ✩s ☛ s ✎ ✠ ✡ ✍ s ✠ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✑ ✍
✤
✎
✦ ✗
✡ ✎ ✠
✗
✡ ✪
✣
✡ ✎
✘
✍
✗ ✣
✡ ✍
✣
✍ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✫
✯
✑
✗ ✖
✠ ✑ ✎ ✠ ☛
✣
☛ ✠
✛
☛ s ☛ ☞ ✠ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✍ s
☛ ☞ ✠
✗
✠
✖ ✗
s
✘
✎
✤ ✤
✍ ✡ ☞ ✩✏
✤
✍ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✍ ★ ✡
✗ ✛
✩✏ ✠ s
✘
✩s ✠
✘ ✗
✧ ✍ ☛ ☞
✗
★ ★
✗
s ☛ ✠ ✍
✛
☛ ✡ ✍ ✏ ✠ ☛
✗
☞ s ✫
✺ ✓ ✔ ✰ ❚ ✖ ✗ ✦
☛
✤ ✤
☛ ✎ ✡
✛ ✦
✎
✤ ✤
s ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑
✗ ✣ ✘
✎ s s
✱
✫
✱ ✲ ✚
✌
✘ ✗
✧ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛ ☞
✗
★ ★
✗
s ☛ ✠ ✍
✛
☛ ✡ ✍ ✏ ✠ ☛
✗
☞ s
✖
☛ ✠ ✑ s ★ ✍ ✍
✛ ✳ ✘
s
✴ ✵
✏
✗ ✤ ✤
☛
✛
✍ ✎ ☞
✛
✡ ✍
✦ ✗
✩ ☞
✛ ✖
☛ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✑ ✍ s ✎
✘
✍ s ★ ✍ ✍
✛
✫
❝
✑ ✎ ✠ ☛ s ✠ ✑ ✍ ☛
✘
★ ✩
✤
s ✍ ☛
✘
★ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✍
✛
✠
✗
✍ ✎ ✏ ✑
✦
✎
✤ ✤ ✛
✩ ✍
✠
✗
✠ ✑ ✍
✗
✠ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✒
✺ ✓ ✔ ✷ ❆
s ✑ ✍
✤ ✤ ✗ ✣ ✘
✎ s s
✱
✫
✱ ✢ ✱ ✚
✌ ☛ s
✣
☛ ✡ ✍
✛ ✦
✪ ✎ ✌ ✩☞
✗ ✣ ✘
✎ s s
✜ ✱ ✱ ✚
✌✫
✸✣
✠ ✑ ✍
✘
✩
✹ ✹ ✤
✍ s ★ ✍ ✍
✛ ✗ ✣
✠ ✑ ✍
s ✑ ✍
✤ ✤
☛ s
✙ ✱ ✘
s
✴ ✵
✭
✖
✑ ✎ ✠ ☛ s ✠ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✍ ✏
✗
☛
✤
s ★ ✍ ✍
✛ ✗ ✣
✠ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✩☞ ✒
✺ ✓
✻ ✼
❆ ✦
✎ ✠ s
✘
✎ ☞
✛
✍
✣ ✤
✍ ✏ ✠ s ✎
✦
✎
✤ ✤ ✦
✪ ✎ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✌
✤
✍
✗ ✣
✽
✲
✾
✖
☛ ✠ ✑
✗
✩ ✠ ✏ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✠ s ☛ ☞ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✎
✤
s ★ ✍ ✍
✛ ✖
✑ ☛ ✏ ✑ ☛ s
✍
❡
✩ ✎
✤
✠
✗ ✲
✽
✚ ✘ ✿
✑ ✫
❝
✑ ✎ ✠ ☛ s ✠ ✑ ✍ ☛
✘
★ ✩
✤
s ✍ ☛
✘
★ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✍
✛
✠
✗
✠ ✑ ✍
✦
✎
✤ ✤
✒
❀ ❁
✎ s s
✗ ✣
✠ ✑ ✍
✦
✎
✤ ✤
☛ s
✱
✫
✜ ✲ ✚
✌ ✫
❂
✺ ✓
✻
✔ ❆
s ✠
✗
☞ ✍
✗ ✣ ✘
✎ s s
✱
✫
✢ ✲ ✚
✌ ✠ ☛ ✍
✛
✠
✗
✠ ✑ ✍ ✍ ☞
✛ ✗ ✣
✎ s ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛ s
✖
✑ ☛ ✡
✤
✍
✛
✡
✗
✩☞
✛
☛ ☞ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✏
✤
✍
✗ ✣
✡ ✎
✛
☛ ✩s
✜
✫
✲ ✘ ✖
☛ ✠ ✑ ✎ s ★ ✍ ✍
✛ ✗ ✣
✽
✱
✡ ✍ ✧ ✫
✿ ✘
☛ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✎ ✑
✗
✡ ☛
✹ ✗
☞ ✠ ✎
✤
★
✤
✎ ☞ ✍ ✫
❝
✑ ✎ ✠ ☛ s ✠ ✑ ✍ ✠ ✍ ☞ s ☛
✗
☞ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✑ ✍
s ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✒
❝
✑ ✎ ✠ ☛ s ✠ ✑ ✍
✘
✎
✥
☛
✘
✩
✘
s ★ ✍ ✍
✛ ✖
☛ ✠ ✑
✖
✑ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✑ ✍ s ✠
✗
☞ ✍ ✏ ✎ ☞
✦
✍
✖
✑ ☛ ✡
✤
✍
✛
✎ ✡
✗
✩☞
✛
☛
✣
✠ ✑ ✍ s ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✎ ☞
✖
☛ ✠ ✑ s ✠ ✎ ☞
✛
✎
✘
✎
✥
☛
✘
✩
✘
✠ ✍ ☞ s ☛
✗
☞
✗ ✣ ✢ ✱ ✱
t ✒
✺ ✓
✻ ✻
✸✣
✭ ☛ ☞
■ ✥
✍ ✡ ✏ ☛ s ✍
✲
✫
✢ ✜
✭ ✠ ✑ ✍ s ★ ✍ ✍
✛ ✗ ✣
✠ ✑ ✍ s ✠
✗
☞ ✍ ☛ s ☛ ☞ ✏ ✡ ✍ ✎ s ✍
✛ ✦
✍ ✪
✗
☞
✛
✠ ✑ ✍
✘
✎
✥
☛
✘
✩
✘
★ ✍ ✡
✘
☛ s s ☛
✦ ✤
✍
✧ ✎
✤
✩ ✍ ✭ ✎ ☞
✛
✠ ✑ ✍ s ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌
✦
✡ ✍ ✎
✚
s s ✩
✛ ✛
✍ ☞
✤
✪ ✭
✖
✑ ☛ ✏ ✑
✗ ✣
✠ ✑ ✍
✣ ✗ ✤ ✤ ✗ ✖
☛ ☞ ✌ ✏
✗
✡ ✡ ✍ ✏ ✠
✤
✪
✛
✍ s ✏ ✡ ☛
✦
✍ s ✠ ✑ ✍
✠ ✡ ✎ ❃ ✍ ✏ ✠
✗
✡ ✪
✗ ✣
✠ ✑ ✍ s ✠
✗
☞ ✍ ✎
✣
✠ ✍ ✡ ✠ ✑ ✍ s ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌
✦
✡ ✍ ✎
✚
s ❄
❀
✎
❂
✠ ✑ ✍ s ✠
✗
☞ ✍
✘ ✗
✧ ✍ s ✡ ✎
✛
☛ ✎
✤ ✤
✪
✗
✩ ✠
✖
✎ ✡
✛
s ✭
❀ ✦ ❂
✠ ✑ ✍ s ✠
✗
☞ ✍
✣ ✤
☛ ✍ s
✗ ✣ ✣
✠ ✎ ☞ ✌✍ ☞ ✠ ☛ ✎
✤ ✤
✪
✣
✡
✗ ✘
✠ ✑ ✍ ☛ ☞ s ✠ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✠ ✑ ✍ s ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌
✦
✡ ✍ ✎
✚
s ✭
❀
✏
❂
✠ ✑ ✍ s ✠
✗
☞ ✍
✣ ✤
☛ ✍ s
✗ ✣ ✣
✎ ✠ ✎ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✌
✤
✍
✖
☛ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✠ ✎ ☞ ✌✍ ☞ ✠
✖
✑
✗
s ✍
✘
✎ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✩
✛
✍
✛
✍ ★ ✍ ☞
✛
s
✗
☞ ✠ ✑ ✍
s ★ ✍ ✍
✛ ✗ ✣
✠ ✑ ✍ ★ ✎ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✏
✤
✍ ✒
✺ ✓
✻ ❅
■ ✥
★
✤
✎ ☛ ☞
✖
✑ ✪
❀
✎
❂
✎ ✑
✗
✡ s ✍ ✏ ✎ ☞ ☞
✗
✠ ★ ✩
✤ ✤
✎ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✎ ☞
✛
✡ ✩☞ ☛ ☞ ✍
✘
★ ✠ ✪ s ★ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✭
❀ ✦ ❂
★ ✎ s s ✍ ☞ ✌✍ ✡ s ✎ ✡ ✍ ✠ ✑ ✡
✗ ✖
☞
✣ ✗
✡
✖
✎ ✡
✛ ✣
✡
✗ ✘
✠ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✡ s ✍ ✎ ✠ s
✖
✑ ✍ ☞ ✎ s ★ ✍ ✍
✛
☛ ☞ ✌
✦
✩s s ✠
✗
★ s
s ✩
✛ ✛
✍ ☞
✤
✪ ✭
❀
✏
❂
☛ ✠ ☛ s ✍ ✎ s ☛ ✍ ✡ ✠
✗
★ ✩
✤ ✤
✎
✤
✎
✖
☞
✘ ✗ ✖
✍ ✡ ✠ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✠
✗
★ ✩s ✑ ☛ ✠ ✭
❀ ✛ ❂
✎ ✏ ✡ ☛ ✏
✚
✍ ✠ ✍ ✡
✘ ✗
✧ ✍ s ✑ ☛ s ✑ ✎ ☞
✛
s
✦
✎ ✏
✚ ✖
✎ ✡
✛
s
✖
✑ ☛
✤
✍ ✑
✗ ✤ ✛
☛ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✏ ✑ ✫
❇ ❈ ❈ ❉ ❊ ❉ ❋ ●❍ ❏ ❑ ▼ ◆ ❖ P ❉ ◗ ◆ ◗
✺ ✓
✻ ❘ ✬ ☛ ✌ ✩✡ ✍
✲
✫
✜
❙ s ✑
✗ ✖
s ✠ ✑ ✍ ★
✗
s ☛ ✠ ☛
✗
☞ ❯ ✠ ☛
✘
✍ ✌ ✡ ✎ ★ ✑
✗ ✣
✎
✦ ✗ ✛
✪
✗ ✣ ✘
✎ s s
✱
✫
✱
✽
✚
✌✫
✯
✩ ✌✌ ✍ s ✠ ✎
s ✩ ☛ ✠ ✎
✦ ✤
✍ ★ ✑ ✪ s ☛ ✏ ✎
✤
✏
✗
☞ ✠ ✍
✥
✠
✣ ✗
✡ ✠ ✑ ☛ s
✘ ✗
✠ ☛
✗
☞ ✫
❝
✑ ✎ ✠ ☛ s ✠ ✑ ✍ ✠ ☛
✘
✍
✦
✍ ✠
✖
✍ ✍ ☞ ✠
✖ ✗
✏
✗
☞ s ✍ ✏ ✩ ✠ ☛ ✧ ✍
☛
✘
★ ✩
✤
s ✍ s ✡ ✍ ✏ ✍ ☛ ✧ ✍
✛ ✦
✪ ✠ ✑ ✍
✦ ✗ ✛
✪ ✒
❝
✑ ✎ ✠ ☛ s ✠ ✑ ✍
✘
✎ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✩
✛
✍
✗ ✣
✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ☛
✘
★ ✩
✤
s ✍ ✒
❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩❨❬❭
✺ ✓
✻
✺
✬ ☛ ✌ ✩✡ ✍
✲
✫
✜ ✙
s ✑
✗ ✖
s ✎
✘
✎ ☞ s ✠ ✎ ☞
✛
☛ ☞ ✌ s ✠ ✎ ✠ ☛
✗
☞ ✎ ✡ ✪
✖
☛ ✠ ✑ ✡ ✍ s ★ ✍ ✏ ✠ ✠
✗
✎ ✑
✗
✡ ☛
✹ ✗
☞ ✠ ✎
✤
✏
✗
☞ ✧ ✍ ✪
✗
✡
✦
✍
✤
✠ ✠ ✑ ✎ ✠ ☛ s ✎ ✏ ✏ ✍
✤
✍ ✡ ✎ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✌
✖
☛ ✠ ✑
✜ ✘
s
✴ ❪
✫
❝
✑ ✎ ✠ ☛ s ✠ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✠
✣ ✗
✡ ✏ ✍
✗
☞ ✠ ✑ ✍
✘
✎ ☞ ✒
✸✣
✠ ✑ ✍
✏
✗
✍
✣ ✣
☛ ✏ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✠
✗ ✣
s ✠ ✎ ✠ ☛ ✏
✣
✡ ☛ ✏ ✠ ☛
✗
☞
✦
✍ ✠
✖
✍ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✑ ✍
✘
✎ ☞
❫
s s ✑
✗
✍ s ✎ ☞
✛
✠ ✑ ✍
✦
✍
✤
✠ ☛ s
✱
✫
✢
✭ ✩★ ✠
✗ ✖
✑ ✎ ✠
✎ ✏ ✏ ✍
✤
✍ ✡ ✎ ✠ ☛
✗
☞
✗ ✣
✠ ✑ ✍
✦
✍
✤
✠ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✑ ✍
✘
✎ ☞ ✏
✗
☞ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✩ ✍ ✠
✗ ✦
✍ s ✠ ✎ ✠ ☛
✗
☞ ✎ ✡ ✪ ✡ ✍
✤
✎ ✠ ☛ ✧ ✍ ✠
✗
✠ ✑ ✍
✦
✍
✤
✠ ✒
❀ ❁
✎ s s
✗ ✣
✠ ✑ ✍
✘
✎ ☞ ❴
✳ ✲ ✚
✌✫
❂
❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩❨❬❵
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✶ ✆
❋ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠✟✡☛
✺ ☞ ✌ ✍ ❆ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✎ ♠ ✏ ✥ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✔ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✥ ✒ ✚ ✙ ✓ ✛ ✑ ✜ ✛ ✓ ✎ ✥ ✒ ✖ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✏ ✥ ✢ ✖ ✜ ✢ ✥ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✣ ✎ ❘ ✳
❚ ✘ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✙ ✢ ✓ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✤ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✘ ✥ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✦ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✢ ✥ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✓ ✗ ✥ ✙ ✓ ✢ ✏ ✓ ✗ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✏ ✥ ✢ ✖ ✜ ✜ ✧
✗ ✑ ✤ ✒ ✤ ✖ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✖ ✙ ✓
❞ ★ ✩
✘ ✑ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✢ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✓ ✢ ✏ ✖ ✜ ✏ ✓ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✏ ✥ ✛ ✓
✪
▲ ✑ ✤ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✫ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✏ ❍ ✥ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✫ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✏
✭
✖
✬
♠
✮ ✯ ✰
✱
♠
✮ ✲ ✰
✷
✭
✴
✬
♠
✮ ✲ ✰
✱
♠
✮ ✯ ✰
✷
✭
✢
✬
♠
✮ ✲ ✰
✱
✯ ✭
♠
✵
✸
✹
✬ ✻
❘ ♠
✮ ✯ ✰
✷
✲ ✭
♠
✵
✸
✹
✬ ✻
❘
✭
✗
✬
♠
✮ ✯ ✰
✱
✯ ✭
♠
✵
✸
✹
✬ ✻
❘ ♠
✮ ✲ ✰
✷
✲ ✭
♠
✵
✸
✹
✬ ✻
❘
❚
✹
✖ ✒ ✗
✵
✹
✗ ✓ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✒ ✎ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✦ ✓ ✓ ✗ ✖ ✏ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✤ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✦ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✏ ✳ ❚
✸
✖ ✒ ✗
✵
✸
✗ ✓ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✓
✢ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✓ ✎ ✦ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✥ ✒ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✘ ✥ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✦ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✏ ✳
✺ ☞ ✌
✼
❆ ✘ ✓ ✜ ✥ ✢ ✑ ✦ ✏ ✓ ✙ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✎
✽ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✿
✚ ✙ ✥ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✤ ✥ ✏ ✘ ✖ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✏ ✥ ✢ ✖ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✢ ✓ ✜ ✓ ✙ ✖ ✏ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✔
✽ ❀
✕ ✎
❁ ✸
✳ ❚ ✘ ✓ ✢ ✙ ✓ ✤
✖ ✒ ✗ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✦ ✖ ✎ ✎ ✓ ✒ ✚✓ ✙ ✎ ✤ ✓ ✥ ✚ ✘
❛ ✾ ✾ ✿
✚ ✳
❂
✥ ✛ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✚✒ ✥ ✏ ✣✗ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✥ ✙ ✓ ✢ ✏ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✓
✭
✖
✬
✔ ✑ ✙ ✢ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✑ ✙ ✴ ✧ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✢ ✙ ✓ ✤ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✦ ✖ ✎ ✎ ✓ ✒ ✚✓ ✙ ✎ ❃
✭
✴
✬
✖ ✢ ✏ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✘ ✓ ✜ ✥ ✢ ✑ ✦ ✏ ✓ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✣✙ ✙ ✑ ✣ ✒ ✗ ✥ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✥ ✙ ❃
✭
✢
✬
✔ ✑ ✙ ✢ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✘ ✓ ✜ ✥ ✢ ✑ ✦ ✏ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✣ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✣✙ ✙ ✑ ✣ ✒ ✗ ✥ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✥ ✙ ✳
✺ ☞ ✌ ❄ ❆ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✓ ✖ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✤ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✙ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✤ ✥ ✒ ✚ ✘ ✑ ✙ ✥ ❅ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✖ ✜ ✜ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✏ ✘ ✖ ✎ ✦ ✓ ✓ ✗ ✑ ✔
✽ ❀
✕ ✎
❁
✹
✚ ✣ ✎ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✑ ✣✏ ✑ ✔ ✖ ✏ ✣✴ ✓ ✑ ✔
✢ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✎
❝
✎ ✓ ✢ ✏ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✜ ✖ ✙ ✓ ✖
✽ ✾
❁ ✸
✕
✸
❃ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✘ ✥ ✏ ✎ ✖ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✏ ✥ ✢ ✖ ✜ ✤ ✖ ✜ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✙ ✴ ✧ ✳
❇
✘ ✖ ✏ ✥ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✙ ✢ ✓ ✓
❈
✓ ✙ ✏ ✓ ✗
✑ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✤ ✖ ✜ ✜ ✴ ✧ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✥ ✕ ✦ ✖ ✢ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✤ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✙ ❃ ✖ ✎ ✎ ✣✕ ✥ ✒ ✚ ✥ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✙ ✓ ✴ ✑ ✣ ✒ ✗
❡
✺ ☞ ✌
❉
❚ ✓ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✓
❝
✙ ✣✦ ✓ ✓ ✢ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✙ ✓ ✦ ✣✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✦ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✖ ✢ ✘ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✴ ✜ ✓ ✳
❊
✖ ✢ ✘ ✢ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✎ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✎ ♠ ✳
❂
✥ ✛ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✥ ✏ ✣✗ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✥ ✙ ✓ ✢ ✏ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✔
✭
✖
✬
✏ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✙ ✢ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✓ ●
t ■
✢ ✑ ✥ ✒
✭
✢ ✑ ✣ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✗ ✔ ✙ ✑ ✕ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✴ ✑ ✏ ✏ ✑ ✕
✬
✗ ✣ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✜ ✜ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✢ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✥ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✦ ❃
✭
✴
✬
✏ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✙ ✢ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✓ ●
t ■
✢ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✴ ✧ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✓ ✥ ✚ ✘ ✏ ✘ ✢ ✑ ✥ ✒ ❃
✭
✢
✬
✏ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✓ ✖ ✢ ✏ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✓
❏
t ■
✢ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✓ ●
t ■
✢ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✳
✺ ☞
❑ ▼
❆ ✒ ✖ ✥ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✓
❈
✓ ✢ ✣✏ ✓ ✎ ✖ ✘ ✑ ✙ ✥ ❅ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✖ ✜ ✜ ✑ ✑ ✦ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✎ ✦ ✓ ✓ ✗ ✑ ✔ ●
◆ ✾ ✿
✕
❖
✘ ✤ ✥ ✏ ✘ ✥ ✏ ✎ ✤ ✥ ✒ ✚✎ ✴ ✖ ✒
✿
✓ ✗
✖ ✏
✽ ❀ ◗
✳
❇
✘ ✖ ✏ ✥ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✣ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✑ ✦
❡
✺ ☞
❑ ❙
❆ ✏ ✙ ✖ ✥ ✒ ✙ ✣ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✜ ✑ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✴ ✖ ✒
✿
✓ ✗ ✢ ✥ ✙ ✢ ✣✜ ✖ ✙ ✏ ✙ ✖ ✢
✿
✑ ✔ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✣ ✎
❛ ✾
✕ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✎ ✦ ✓ ✓ ✗ ✑ ✔
❀ ❯ ✿
✕
❖
✘ ✳
❚ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✙ ✖ ✥ ✒ ✥ ✎
✽ ✾
❱
✿
✚ ✳
❇
✘ ✖ ✏ ✦ ✙ ✑ ✛ ✥ ✗ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✢ ✓ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✥ ✦ ✓ ✏ ✖ ✜ ✔ ✑ ✙ ✢ ✓ ✙ ✓ ❲ ✣✥ ✙ ✓ ✗ ✔ ✑ ✙ ✏ ✘ ✥ ✎
✦ ✣✙ ✦ ✑ ✎ ✓ ♣ ❚ ✘ ✓ ✓ ✒ ✚ ✥ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✙ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✖ ✥ ✜ ✎
❡ ❇
✘ ✖ ✏ ✥ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✚ ✜ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✴ ✖ ✒
✿
✥ ✒ ✚ ✙ ✓ ❲ ✣✥ ✙ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✑ ✦ ✙ ✓ ✛ ✓ ✒ ✏
✤ ✓ ✖ ✙ ✥ ✒ ✚ ✑ ✣✏ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✖ ✥ ✜
❡
✺ ☞
❑
✌ ❆ ✴ ✜ ✑ ✢
✿
✑ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✎
◆ ❀ ✿
✚ ✥ ✎ ✙ ✖ ✥ ✎ ✓ ✗ ✴ ✧ ✖
❀ ✾ ✿
✚ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✥ ✒ ✏ ✤ ✑ ✗ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✙ ✓ ✒ ✏ ✤ ✖ ✧ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✎ ✘ ✑ ✤ ✒ ✥ ✒
❳
✥ ✚ ✳
❀
✳
✽ ❨
✳
❇
✘ ✖ ✏ ✥ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✖ ✢ ✏ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✑ ✙ ✴ ✧ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✥ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✤ ✑ ✢ ✖ ✎ ✓ ✎
❡ ❩
✔ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✑ ✙
✧✥ ✓ ✜ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✔ ✑ ✙ ✢ ✓ ✑ ✔ ●
✾ ✾ ②
❃ ✤ ✘ ✥ ✢ ✘ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✎ ✘ ✑ ✣✜ ✗ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✦ ✏ ✏ ✑ ✜ ✥ ✔ ✏ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✴ ✜ ✑ ✢
✿
✤ ✥ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✣ ✏ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✑ ✙ ✧✥ ✓ ✜ ✗ ✥ ✒ ✚
❡
▲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟ ✶ ✶ ✠
✺ ✡ ☛ ☛ ❆ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ☞ ✛ ✔ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✜ ✌ ✢ ✏ ✣ ✤ ✚ ✗ ✥ ✦ ✥ ✧ ✖ ★ ✩ ✪ ✚ ✘ ✪
✘ ✓ ✍ ✔
❝
✓ ✍
✫
✓ ☞ ✓
✬
✚ ☞
✭
☞
❝
✏ ✍ ✔ ✚ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✒
✮
✖ ✖
✯
✥
✰
✍ ✩ ✪ ✚ ✘ ✪ ✌ ✒
❝
✪ ✏
✒ ✌ ✙ ✙ ✌ ✩ ✚ ✍ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✩ ✚ ✙ ✙
❝
✪ ✏ ✜ ✌ ✢ ✏ ✛ ✜ ✏ ✓ ✎
❢ ❝
✪ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑
✣ ✓ ★ ✘ ✙ ✚ ☞ ✛ ✔
✭
✢ ✩ ✚
❝
✪ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✘ ✘ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✜ ✓
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✒
✮
☞ ✔
✲ ✱
✣ ✛ ★ ✘ ✙ ✚ ☞ ✛ ✔
✫
✌ ✩ ✍ ✩ ✚
❝
✪ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✘ ✘ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✜ ✓
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✕ ☞ ✔
✲ ✱
✣ ✘ ★ ✘ ✙ ✚ ☞ ✛ ✔
✭
✢ ✩ ✚
❝
✪ ✓
✭
✍ ✚ ✒ ✌ ✜ ☞ ✔ ✢ ✏ ✏
✫
✌ ✒ ✦ ☞ ✔
✲
✳
✣
✫
★ ✒ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✔
✫
✌ ✩ ✍
❝
✪ ✏ ✜ ✌ ✢ ✏ ✍ ✏ ✓ ✜ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✏ ✏ ✙ ✑
✭
✍
✫
✏ ✜ ✗ ✜ ✓ ✴ ✚
❝
✑ ✵
✷ ✸ ✹ ✻ ✼✽ ✾ ✿❀ ✾ ❁❂ ❃❃ ✼ ❄ ✿❀ ✾ ✽ ✼ ❅ ✾ ❇ ❈
✺ ✡ ☛ ❉ ❚ ✩ ✌ ✛ ✌
✫
✚ ✏ ✔ ❊ ✓ ✍
✫
❋ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✦ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✍
✫
♦ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✍ ✘ ✌ ✍
❝
✓ ✘
❝
✩ ✚
❝
✪
✏ ✓ ✘ ✪ ✌
❝
✪ ✏ ✜ ✜ ✏ ✔
❝
✌ ✍ ✓
❝
✓ ✛ ✙ ✏ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✚ ✍ ✔
❝
✓ ✜ ✚ ✗✚
✫
✩ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✚ ✗✥ ✦ ✥ ✧ ♦ ★ ✥ ❚ ✪ ✏
✘ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✘ ✚ ✏ ✍
❝
✌ ✒ ✒ ✜ ✚ ✘
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✛ ✏
❝
✩ ✏ ✏ ✍
❝
✪ ✏ ✛ ✌
✫
✚ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✍
✫ ❝
✪ ✏
❝
✓ ✛ ✙ ✏ ✚ ✔
✖ ✥ ♦ ✦ ✥ ❆ ✒ ✌ ✜ ✘ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✧ ✖ ✖
✯
✚ ✔ ✓ ✢ ✢ ✙ ✚ ✏
✫
✪ ✌ ✜ ✚ ● ✌ ✍
❝
✓ ✙ ✙ ✑
❝
✌ ❊ ✥ ❍ ✪ ✓
❝
✓ ✜ ✏
✣ ✓ ★
❝
✪ ✏ ✜ ✏ ✓ ✘
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✒
❝
✪ ✏ ✢ ✓ ✜
❝
✚
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✣ ✛ ★
❝
✪ ✏ ✓ ✘
❝
✚ ✌ ✍
■
✜ ✏ ✓ ✘
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✜ ✘ ✏ ✔
✛ ✏
❝
✩ ✏ ✏ ✍ ❊ ✓ ✍
✫
❋ ✵ ❍ ✪ ✓
❝
✪ ✓ ✢ ✢ ✏ ✍ ✔ ✩ ✪ ✏ ✍
❝
✪ ✏ ✩ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✴ ✏
✫
✵
❏ ✌ ✏ ✔
❝
✪ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✔ ✩ ✏ ✜
❝
✌ ✣ ✛ ★ ✘ ✪ ✓ ✍ ✗✏ ❑ ✩ ✪ ✏ ✍
❝
✪ ✏ ✛ ✌
✫
✚ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✏ ✚ ✍ ☞ ✌
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✵
✰
✗ ✍ ✌ ✜ ✏
❝
✪ ✏
✫
✚ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✏ ✍ ✘ ✏ ✛ ✏
❝
✩ ✏ ✏ ✍
➭
s
✓ ✍
✫ ➭
❦
✥
✺ ✡ ☛ ✺ ❆ ✛ ✙ ✌ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✓ ✔ ✔ ♦ ✦ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✢ ✙ ✓ ✘ ✏
✫
✌ ✍ ✓ ✙ ✌ ✍ ✗
❝
✜ ✌ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✥ ❚ ✪ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✘ ✚ ✏ ✍
❝
✌ ✒ ✔
❝
✓
❝
✚ ✘ ✒ ✜ ✚ ✘
❝
✚ ✌ ✍
✛ ✏
❝
✩ ✏ ✏ ✍
❝
✪ ✏ ✛ ✙ ✌ ✘ ✎ ✓ ✍
✫ ❝
✪ ✏
❝
✜ ✌ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✚ ✔ ✖ ✥ ♦
❜
✥ ❚ ✪ ✏
❝
✜ ✌ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✘ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✜ ✓
❝
✏ ✔ ✒ ✜ ✌ ☞ ✜ ✏ ✔
❝
✩ ✚
❝
✪
✖ ✥ ✦ ☞ ✔
✲ ✱
✒ ✌ ✜ ✧ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✍
✫ ❝
✪ ✏ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✴ ✏ ✔ ✩ ✚
❝
✪
✭
✍ ✚ ✒ ✌ ✜ ☞ ✴ ✏ ✙ ✌ ✘ ✚
❝
✑ ✥ ❏ ✚ ✔ ✘
✭
✔ ✔
❝
✪ ✏ ☞ ✌
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✒
❝
✪ ✏
✛ ✙ ✌ ✘ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✴ ✚ ✏ ✩ ✏
✫
✛ ✑ ✣ ✓ ★ ✓ ✔
❝
✓
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✌ ✛ ✔ ✏ ✜ ✴ ✏ ✜ ✌ ✍
❝
✪ ✏ ✗ ✜ ✌
✭
✍
✫
❑ ✣ ✛ ★ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✛ ✔ ✏ ✜ ✴ ✏ ✜ ☞ ✌ ✴ ✚ ✍ ✗ ✩ ✚
❝
✪
❝
✪ ✏
❝
✜ ✌ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✑✥
✺ ✡ ☛
▼
❚ ✪ ✏ ✜ ✏ ✓ ✜ ✔ ✚
✫
✏ ✌ ✒ ✓
❝
✜
✭
✘ ✎ ✚ ✔ ✌ ✢ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✍
✫
✓ ✛ ✌
✬
✌ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✗
☞ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✚ ✔ ✢ ✙ ✓ ✘ ✏
✫
✦ ☞ ✓ ✩ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✌ ☞
❝
✪ ✏ ✌ ✢ ✏ ✍ ✏ ✍
✫
✓ ✔ ✔ ✪ ✌ ✩ ✍
✚ ✍ ✤ ✚ ✗✥ ✦ ✥ ✧ ✧ ✥ ❚ ✪ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✘ ✚ ✏ ✍
❝
✌ ✒ ✒ ✜ ✚ ✘
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✛ ✏
❝
✩ ✏ ✏ ✍
❝
✪ ✏
✛ ✌
✬
✓ ✍
✫ ❝
✪ ✏ ✔
✭
✜ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✏ ✛ ✏ ✙ ✌ ✩ ✚
❝
✚ ✔ ✖ ✥ ♦ ✦ ✥
◆
✍ ✓ ✔
❝
✜ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✪
❝
✜ ✌ ✓
✫
❑
❝
✪ ✏
❝
✜
✭
✘ ✎ ✔
❝
✓ ✜
❝
✔ ✒ ✜ ✌ ☞ ✜ ✏ ✔
❝
✓ ✍
✫
✓ ✘ ✘ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✜ ✓
❝
✏ ✔ ✩ ✚
❝
✪
✧ ☞ ✔
✲ ✱
✥ ❆
❝
✩ ✪ ✓
❝ ✫
✚ ✔
❝
✓ ✍ ✘ ✏ ✒ ✜ ✌ ☞
❝
✪ ✏ ✔
❝
✓ ✜
❝
✚ ✍ ✗ ✢ ✌ ✚ ✍
❝
✫
✌ ✏ ✔
❝
✪ ✏ ✛ ✌
✬
✒ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✌ ✒ ✒
❝
✪ ✏
❝
✜
✭
✘ ✎ ✵ ✣
✰
✗ ✍ ✌ ✜ ✏
❝
✪ ✏ ✔ ✚ ● ✏ ✌ ✒
❝
✪ ✏ ✛ ✌
✬
★ ✥
✺ ✡ ☛
❖
❆
✫
✚ ✔ ✘ ✜ ✏ ✴ ✌ ✙ ✴ ✏ ✔ ✩ ✚
❝
✪ ✓ ✔ ✢ ✏ ✏
✫
✌ ✒ P P
◗
P
✜ ✏ ✴
❘
☞ ✚ ✍ ❑ ✓ ✍
✫
✪ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✓
✫
✚
✭
✔ ✌ ✒ ♦ ✦ ✘ ☞ ✥ ❚ ✩ ✌ ✘ ✌ ✚ ✍ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✏
✢ ✙ ✓ ✘ ✏
✫
✓
❝
✕ ✘ ☞ ✓ ✍
✫
♦ ✕ ✘ ☞ ✓ ✩ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✌ ☞
❝
✪ ✏ ✘ ✏ ✍
❝
✜ ✏ ✌ ✒
❝
✪ ✏ ✜ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✜
✫
✥
✰
✒
❝
✪ ✏ ✘ ✌
■
✏ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✘ ✚ ✏ ✍
❝
✌ ✒ ✒ ✜ ✚ ✘
❝
✚ ✌ ✍
✛ ✏
❝
✩ ✏ ✏ ✍
❝
✪ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✚ ✍ ✔ ✓ ✍
✫ ❝
✪ ✏ ✜ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✜
✫
✚ ✔ ✖ ✥ ♦ ✦ ❑ ✩ ✪ ✚ ✘ ✪ ✌ ✒
❝
✪ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✚ ✍ ✔ ✩ ✚ ✙ ✙ ✜ ✏ ✴ ✌ ✙ ✴ ✏ ✩ ✚
❝
✪
❝
✪ ✏ ✜ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✜
✫
✵
✺ ✡ ☛ ❙ ❨ ✌
✭
☞ ✓ ✑ ✪ ✓ ✴ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✏ ✍ ✚ ✍ ✓ ✘ ✚ ✜ ✘
✭
✔ ✓ ☞ ✌
❝
✌ ✜ ✘ ✑✘ ✙ ✚ ✔
❝ ✫
✜ ✚ ✴ ✚ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✍ ✴ ✏ ✜
❝
✚ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✌ ✌ ✢ ✔ ✚ ✍ ✔ ✚
✫
✏ ✓ ❯
✫
✏ ✓
❝
✪
■
✩ ✏ ✙ ✙
✇
✣ ✓ ✪ ✌ ✙ ✙ ✌ ✩ ✔ ✢ ✪ ✏ ✜ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✘ ✪ ✓ ☞ ✛ ✏ ✜ ✩ ✚
❝
✪ ✪ ✌ ✙ ✏ ✔ ❑ ✔ ✌
❝
✪ ✏ ✔ ✢ ✏ ✘
❝
✓
❝
✌ ✜ ✔ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✩ ✓
❝
✘ ✪ ✒ ✜ ✌ ☞ ✌
✭❝
✔ ✚
✫
✏ ★ ✥
❱ ✬
✢ ✙ ✓ ✚ ✍ ✘ ✙ ✏ ✓ ✜ ✙ ✑ ✩ ✪ ✑
❝
✪ ✏ ☞ ✌
❝
✌ ✜ ✘ ✑✘ ✙ ✚ ✔
❝ ✫
✌ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✌
❝ ✫
✜ ✌ ✢
✫
✌ ✩ ✍ ✩ ✪ ✏ ✍ ✪ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✓
❝ ❝
✪ ✏
✭
✢ ✢ ✏ ✜ ☞ ✌ ✔
❝
✢ ✌ ✚ ✍
❝
❑ ✩ ✚
❝
✪ ✍ ✌ ✔
✭
✢ ✢ ✌ ✜
❝
✒ ✜ ✌ ☞ ✛ ✏ ✙ ✌ ✩ ✥ ❍ ✪ ✓
❝
✚ ✔
❝
✪ ✏ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✚ ☞
✭
☞ ✔ ✢ ✏ ✏
✫
✜ ✏ ♣
✭
✚ ✜ ✏
✫
✓
❝ ❝
✪ ✏
✭
✢ ✢ ✏ ✜ ☞ ✌ ✔
❝
✢ ✌ ✔ ✚
❝
✚ ✌ ✍
❝
✌ ✢ ✏ ✜ ✒ ✌ ✜ ☞ ✓ ✴ ✏ ✜
❝
✚ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✌ ✌ ✢ ✚ ✒
❝
✪ ✏ ✜ ✓
✫
✚
✭
✔ ✌ ✒
❝
✪ ✏ ✘ ✪ ✓ ☞ ✛ ✏ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✧ ✦ ☞ ✵
✺ ✡ ☛
❲
❆
❳
✖ ✎ ✗ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✔
❝
✓ ✍
✫
✔ ✚ ✍ ✘ ✌ ✍
❝
✓ ✘
❝
✓ ✗ ✓ ✚ ✍ ✔
❝ ❝
✪ ✏ ✚ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✜ ✩ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✪ ✌ ✙ ✙ ✌ ✩ ✘ ✑✙ ✚ ✍
✫
✜ ✚ ✘ ✓ ✙
✫
✜
✭
☞ ✌ ✒
✜ ✓
✫
✚
✭
✔
r
☞ ✜ ✌
❝
✓
❝
✚ ✍ ✗ ✓ ✛ ✌
✭ ❝
✚
❝
✔ ✴ ✏ ✜
❝
✚ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✓
✬
✚ ✔ ✩ ✚
❝
✪ ✧ ✖ ✖ ✜ ✏ ✴
❘
☞ ✚ ✍ ✥ ❚ ✪ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✘ ✚ ✏ ✍
❝
✌ ✒
✒ ✜ ✚ ✘
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✛ ✏
❝
✩ ✏ ✏ ✍
❝
✪ ✏ ✩ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✓ ✍
✫
✪ ✚ ✔ ✘ ✙ ✌
❝
✪ ✚ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✖ ✥ ♦ ✦ ✥ ❍ ✪ ✓
❝
✚ ✔
❝
✪ ✏ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✚ ☞
✭
☞ ✜ ✌
❝
✓
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✙
✔ ✢ ✏ ✏
✫
✌ ✒
❝
✪ ✏ ✘ ✑✙ ✚ ✍
✫
✏ ✜
❝
✌ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✛ ✙ ✏
❝
✪ ✏ ☞ ✓ ✍
❝
✌ ✜ ✏ ☞ ✓ ✚ ✍ ✔
❝ ✭
✘ ✎
❝
✌
❝
✪ ✏ ✩ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✣ ✩ ✚
❝
✪ ✌
✭ ❝
✒ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✍ ✗★
✩ ✪ ✏ ✍
❝
✪ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✌ ✌ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✔
✭ ✫ ✫
✏ ✍ ✙ ✑ ✜ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✴ ✏
✫
✵
✺ ✡❉
❩
❆
❝
✪ ✚ ✍ ✘ ✚ ✜ ✘
✭
✙ ✓ ✜ ✙ ✌ ✌ ✢ ✌ ✒ ✜ ✓
✫
✚
✭
✔
❬
✜ ✌
❝
✓
❝
✏ ✔ ✓ ✛ ✌
✭ ❝
✚
❝
✔ ✴ ✏ ✜
❝
✚ ✘ ✓ ✙
✫
✚ ✓ ☞ ✏
❝
✏ ✜ ✩ ✚
❝
✪ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✗
✭
✙ ✓ ✜
✒ ✜ ✏ ♣
✭
✏ ✍ ✘ ✑ ❭
❈
❪ ✪ ✌ ✩
❝
✪ ✓
❝
✓ ✔ ☞ ✓ ✙ ✙ ✛ ✏ ✓
✫
✌ ✍
❝
✪ ✏ ✩ ✚ ✜ ✏ ✙ ✌ ✌ ✢ ✜ ✏ ☞ ✓ ✚ ✍ ✔ ✓
❝
✚
❝
✔ ✙ ✌ ✩ ✏ ✜ ☞ ✌ ✔
❝
✢ ✌ ✚ ✍
❝
✒ ✌ ✜
❫ ❴
✹ ❘ ❬
✥ ❍ ✪ ✓
❝
✚ ✔
❝
✪ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✗✙ ✏ ☞ ✓
✫
✏ ✛ ✑
❝
✪ ✏ ✜ ✓
✫
✚
✭
✔ ✴ ✏ ✘
❝
✌ ✜ ❵ ✌ ✚ ✍ ✚ ✍ ✗
❝
✪ ✏ ✘ ✏ ✍
❝
✜ ✏
❝
✌
❝
✪ ✏ ✛ ✏ ✓
✫
✩ ✚
❝
✪
❝
✪ ✏ ✴ ✏ ✜
❝
✚ ✘ ✓ ✙
✫
✌ ✩ ✍ ✩ ✓ ✜
✫ ✫
✚ ✜ ✏ ✘
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✜
❫
❛
✧
✹ ❘ ❬
✵
✯
✏ ✗✙ ✏ ✘
❝
✒ ✜ ✚ ✘
❝
✚ ✌ ✍ ✥
❞ ❡ ❣ ❤ ✐ ❤ ❥❧
❞ ❡ ❣ ❤ ✐ ❤❥♠
❞ ❡ ❣ ❤ ✐ ❤❥❥
❈ ❍  ✁✂ ✄ ☎ ✥ ■ ✆
❲ ❖ ✝ ✞ ✱ ✟ ◆ ✠ ✝ ✡ ☛ ❆ ◆ ☞ ✌ ❖ ✍ ✠ ✝
✻ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗✘✓ ✑ ✕ ✒
❚ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✜ ★ ✩ ✪ ✤ ✚ ✫ ✚ ✜ ✬ ✭ ✩ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✤ ✰ ✧ ✦ ✚ ✜ ✩ ✮ ✜ ✚ ✲ ✜ ✚ ✳ ✴ ✚ ✫ ✛ ✵ ✭ ✴ ✣ ✚ ✯
✐ ✫ ✚ ✶ ✚ ✜ ✭ ✯ ✮ ✭ ✵ ✮ ✫ ✬ ✴ ✮ ✬ ✚ ✷ ✸ ✲ ✮ ✜ ✢ ✚ ✜ ✰ ✵ ✧ ✴ ✬ ✙ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✲ ✐ ✚ ✵ ✯ ✪ ✮
❝ ✧ ✫ ✣ ✛ ✜ ✴ ❝ ✛ ✐ ✧ ✫ ✦ ✧ ✜ ★ ✚ ✜ ❝ ✮ ✜ ✜ ✭ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✹ ✜ ✐ ❝ ★ ✣ ✪ ✮ ✣ ✛ ✴ ✯ ✚ ✫ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✴ ✯ ✭ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✲ ✧ ✜
✮ ❝ ✧ ✢ ✰ ✚ ✛ ✐ ✛ ✐ ✶ ✚ ✚ ❛ ✮ ✢ ✐ ✫ ✮ ✛ ✐ ✧ ✫ ✪ ✮ ✫ ✮ ✜ ✛ ✐ ✣ ✛ ✰ ✮ ✐ ✫ ✛ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✮ ✹ ✚ ✮ ✴ ✛ ✐ ✲ ✴ ✵
✵ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✣ ❝ ✮ ✰ ✚ ✪ ✮ ✵ ✵ ✮ ✜ ✚ ✣ ✮ ✐ ✯ ✛ ✧ ✹ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✜ ★ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✷ ✺ ✫ ✰ ✙ ✭ ✣ ✐ ❝ ✣ ✪ ✙ ✧ ✦ ✚ ✶ ✚ ✜ ✪
✛ ✙ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✯ ✤ t ✧ ✜ ★ ✩ ❝ ✧ ✶ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✮ ✯ ✚ ✲ ✐ ✫ ✐ ✛ ✚ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✰ ✜ ✚ ❝ ✐ ✣ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✮ ✫ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✷
❙ ✧ ✢ ✚ ✹ ✧ ✯ ✭ ✦ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✮ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✚ ❝ ✮ ✰ ✮ ❝ ✐ ✛ ✭ ✛ ✧ ✦ ✧ ✜ ★ ✲ ✧ ✜ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✼ ✿ ✙ ✧ ✴ ✜ ✣ ✮
✯ ✮ ✭ ✐ ✣ ✣ ✮ ✐ ✯ ✛ ✧ ✙ ✮ ✶ ✚ ✮ ✵ ✮ ✜ ✬ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✮ ✢ ✐ ✫ ✮ ✧ ✜ ✚ ✫ ✚ ✜ ✬ ✭ ✷ t ✚ ✮ ✯ ✢ ✐ ✜ ✚ ✮
✵ ✧ ✫ ✬ ✯ ✐ ✣ ✛ ✮ ✫ ❝ ✚ ✜ ✴ ✫ ✫ ✚ ✜ ✲ ✧ ✜ ✙ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✛ ✮ ✢ ✐ ✫ ✮ ✧ ✜ ✚ ✫ ✚ ✜ ✬ ✭ ✷ ❧ ✫ ✚ ✜ ✬ ✭ ✐ ✣
✛ ✙ ✴ ✣ ✧ ✴ ✜ ❝ ✮ ✰ ✮ ❝ ✐ ✛ ✭ ✛ ✧ ✯ ✧ ✦ ✧ ✜ ★ ✷ ✺ ✫
❀
✙ ✭ ✣ ✐ ❝ ✣ ✛ ✧ ✧ ✪ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✤ ✚ ✫ ✚ ✜ ✬ ✭ ✩
✐ ✣ ✜ ✚ ✵ ✮ ✛ ✚ ✯ ✛ ✧ ✦ ✧ ✜ ★ ✐ ✫ ✛ ✙ ✐ ✣ ✣ ✚ ✫ ✣ ✚ ✪ ✹ ✴ ✛ ✮ ✣ ✣ ✮ ✐ ✯ ✮ ✹ ✧ ✶ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✢
✤ ✦ ✧ ✜ ★ ✩ ✐ ✛ ✣ ✚ ✵ ✲ ✐ ✣ ✯ ✚ ✲ ✐ ✫ ✚ ✯ ✢ ✴ ❝ ✙ ✢ ✧ ✜ ✚ ✰ ✜ ✚ ❝ ✐ ✣ ✚ ✵ ✭ ✷ ❚ ✙ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✯ ✤ ✰ ✧ ✦ ✚ ✜ ✩
✐ ✣ ✴ ✣ ✚ ✯ ✐ ✫ ✚ ✶ ✚ ✜ ✭ ✯ ✮ ✭ ✵ ✐ ✲ ✚ ✦ ✐ ✛ ✙ ✯ ✐ ✲ ✲ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✫ ✛ ✣ ✙ ✮ ✯ ✚ ✣ ✧ ✲ ✢ ✚ ✮ ✫ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✷ ✺ ✫
★ ✮ ✜ ✮ ✛ ✚ ✧ ✜ ✹ ✧ ❛ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✦ ✚ ✛ ✮ ✵ ★ ✧ ✲ ✤ ✰ ✧ ✦ ✚ ✜ ✲ ✴ ✵ ✩ ✰ ✴ ✫ ❝ ✙ ✚ ✣ ✷ ❚ ✙ ✚ ✣ ✚ ✮ ✜ ✚
✯ ✚ ✵ ✐ ✶ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✯ ✮ ✛ ✮ ✬ ✜ ✚ ✮ ✛ ✣ ✰ ✚ ✚ ✯ ✷ ❚ ✙ ✐ ✣ ✣ ✙ ✮ ✯ ✚ ✧ ✲ ✢ ✚ ✮ ✫ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✐ ✣ ❝ ✵ ✧ ✣ ✚ ✛ ✧
✛ ✙ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✮ ✫ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✧ ✲ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✯ ✤ ✰ ✧ ✦ ✚ ✜ ✩ ✴ ✣ ✚ ✯ ✐ ✫ ✰ ✙ ✭ ✣ ✐ ❝ ✣ ✷ t ✚ ✣ ✙ ✮ ✵ ✵
✲ ✐ ✫ ✯ ✛ ✙ ✮ ✛ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✐ ✣ ✮ ✛ ✹ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✮ ✵ ✧ ✧ ✣ ✚ ❝ ✧ ✜ ✜ ✚ ✵ ✮ ✛ ✐ ✧ ✫ ✹ ✚ ✛ ✦ ✚ ✚ ✫ ✛ ✙ ✚
✰ ✙ ✭ ✣ ✐ ❝ ✮ ✵ ✯ ✚ ✲ ✐ ✫ ✐ ✛ ✐ ✧ ✫ ✣ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✰ ✙ ✭ ✣ ✐ ✧ ✵ ✧ ✬ ✐ ❝ ✮ ✵ ✰ ✐ ❝ ✛ ✴ ✜ ✚ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✣ ✚
✛ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✬ ✚ ✫ ✚ ✜ ✮ ✛ ✚ ✐ ✫ ✧ ✴ ✜ ✢ ✐ ✫ ✯ ✣ ✷ ❚ ✙ ✚ ✮ ✐ ✢ ✧ ✲ ✛ ✙ ✐ ✣ ❝ ✙ ✮ ✰ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✐ ✣ ✛ ✧
✯ ✚ ✶ ✚ ✵ ✧ ✰ ✮ ✫ ✴ ✫ ✯ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✛ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✧ ✲ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✣ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✜ ✚ ✚ ✰ ✙ ✭ ✣ ✐ ❝ ✮ ✵ ✳ ✴ ✮ ✫ ✛ ✐ ✛ ✐ ✚ ✣ ✷
❇
✚ ✲ ✧ ✜ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✰ ✜ ✧ ❝ ✚ ✚ ✯ ✛ ✧ ✛ ✙ ✐ ✣ ✛ ✮ ✣ ★ ✪ ✦ ✚ ✫ ✚ ✚ ✯ ✛ ✧ ✯ ✚ ✶ ✚ ✵ ✧ ✰ ✮
✢ ✮ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✢ ✮ ✛ ✐ ❝ ✮ ✵ ✰ ✜ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✳ ✴ ✐ ✣ ✐ ✛ ✚ ✪ ✫ ✮ ✢ ✚ ✵ ✭ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✣ ❝ ✮ ✵ ✮ ✜ ✰ ✜ ✧ ✯ ✴ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✲ ✛ ✦ ✧
✶ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✷
✻ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✓
❁ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❉ ❅ ❊ ❋ ❊● ❏ ❑ ❄ ▲
t ✚ ✙ ✮ ✶ ✚ ✵ ✚ ✮ ✜ ✫ ✛ ✮ ✹ ✧ ✴ ✛ ✶ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✐ ✜ ✴ ✣ ✚ ✐ ✫ ♥✙ ✮ ✰ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✽ ✷
❀
✙ ✭ ✣ ✐ ❝ ✮ ✵ ✳ ✴ ✮ ✫ ✛ ✐ ✛ ✐ ✚ ✣ ✵ ✐ ★ ✚ ✯ ✐ ✣ ✰ ✵ ✮ ❝ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✫ ✛ ✪ ✶ ✚ ✵ ✧ ❝ ✐ ✛ ✭ ✪ ✮ ❝ ❝ ✚ ✵ ✚ ✜ ✮ ✛ ✐ ✧ ✫ ✪
✲ ✧ ✜ ❝ ✚ ✚ ✛ ❝ ✷ ✮ ✜ ✚ ✶ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✷ t ✚ ✙ ✮ ✶ ✚ ✮ ✵ ✣ ✧ ✵ ✚ ✮ ✜ ✫ ✛ ✙ ✧ ✦ ✶ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✮ ✜ ✚
✮ ✯ ✯ ✚ ✯ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✴ ✹ ✛ ✜ ✮ ❝ ✛ ✚ ✯ ✷ t ✚ ✫ ✧ ✦ ✫ ✚ ✚ ✯ ✛ ✧ ★ ✫ ✧ ✦ ✙ ✧ ✦ ✶ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✮ ✜ ✚
✢ ✴ ✵ ✛ ✐ ✰ ✵ ✐ ✚ ✯ ✷ ❚ ✙ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✮ ✜ ✚ ✛ ✦ ✧ ✦ ✮ ✭ ✣ ✧ ✲ ✢ ✴ ✵ ✛ ✐ ✰ ✵ ✭ ✐ ✫ ✬ ✶ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✦ ✙ ✐ ❝ ✙
✦ ✚ ✣ ✙ ✮ ✵ ✵ ❝ ✧ ✢ ✚ ✮ ❝ ✜ ✧ ✣ ✣ ✇ ✧ ✫ ✚ ✦ ✮ ✭ ★ ✫ ✧ ✦ ✫ ✮ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✣ ❝ ✮ ✵ ✮ ✜ ✰ ✜ ✧ ✯ ✴ ❝ ✛
✬ ✐ ✶ ✚ ✣ ✮ ✣ ❝ ✮ ✵ ✮ ✜ ✲ ✜ ✧ ✢ ✛ ✦ ✧ ✶ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✧ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✜ ★ ✫ ✧ ✦ ✫ ✮ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✚
✶ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✰ ✜ ✧ ✯ ✴ ❝ ✛ ✰ ✜ ✧ ✯ ✴ ❝ ✚ ✣ ✮ ✫ ✚ ✦ ✶ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✲ ✜ ✧ ✢ ✛ ✦ ✧ ✶ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✷ t ✚
✣ ✙ ✮ ✵ ✵ ✵ ✧ ✧ ★ ✮ ✛ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✶ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✰ ✜ ✧ ✯ ✴ ❝ ✛ ✐ ✫ ♥✙ ✮ ✰ ✛ ✚ ✜ s ✷ ▼ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✛ ✮ ★ ✚
✴ ✰ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✣ ❝ ✮ ✵ ✮ ✜ ✰ ✜ ✧ ✯ ✴ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✲ ✛ ✦ ✧ ✶ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✣ ✷ ❚ ✙ ✚ ✣ ❝ ✮ ✵ ✮ ✜ ✰ ✜ ✧ ✯ ✴ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜
✯ ✧ ✛ ✰ ✜ ✧ ✯ ✴ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✲ ✮ ✫ ✭ ✛ ✦ ✧ ✶ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✣
P
✮ ✫ ✯
◗
✪ ✯ ✚ ✫ ✧ ✛ ✚ ✯ ✮ ✣
P
✎
◗ ❘
✜ ✚ ✮ ✯
✻ ✎ ✏ ❯❱ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭❪ ❳ ❫ ❩ ❱
✻ ✎
❴ ❵
❩ ❳ ❫ ❩ ❱
❜
❩
❞ ❡
❩ ❨
❢ ❣
❱ ❬
❢
❫ ❱
❤
❳ ❫ ❪
❤
❱
❤
❨
❥❦ ♠ ♦ ♣ ❤ ❡
❩ ❨
❢ q ❤
❱
❤
❨
❥ ❦
❳
♣ ❤
❩ ❨
❤
r
✻ ✎ ✉ ✈ ❩ ❨
❢
✻ ✎
① ②
❫ ❱
❤
❳ ❫ ❪
❤
❱
❤
❨
❥ ❦
✻ ✎
③
✈ ❩ ❨
❢
❬ ❩ ❱
❤ ④ ❦ ❣ ⑤ ❣
❨ ❫
❣ ④ ⑥ ❤
❞
❩ ❨ ❪
❤
✻ ✎ ✻
♦ ♣ ❤ ❡
❩ ❨
❢ q ❤
❱
❤
❨
❥ ❦
❳
♣ ❤
❩ ❨
❤
r
❞
❩ ❨
❣ ⑤ ❣
❨ ❫
❣ ④ ⑥ ❤ ❞
❩ ❨ ❪
❤
✻ ✎
⑦ ♦ ♣ ❤
❪ ❩ ❱ ❪
❤ ⑧
❳ ❩
❞ ⑧
❩ ❳
❤
❱ ❳ ❫
❣ ⑥
❤
❱
❤
❨
❥❦
✻ ✎ ⑨
♦ ♣ ❤
❪ ❩ ❱
❜ ❤
❨
⑤ ❣
❳ ❫ ❩ ❱ ❩
❞
r
❤
❪
♣ ❣
❱ ❫ ❪
❣ ⑥ ❤
❱
❤
❨
❥ ❦
✻ ✎ ⑩
♦ ♣ ❤ ⑧
❩ ❳
❤
❱ ❳ ❫
❣ ⑥ ❤
❱
❤
❨
❥ ❦
❩
❞ ❣
❜ ⑧
❨ ❫ ❱
❥
✻ ✎ ✏ ❶ ❷
❣
❨ ❫ ❩ ❭
❜ ❞
❩ ❨ r
❜
❩
❞ ❤
❱
❤
❨
❥❦ ♠
❳
♣ ❤
⑥ ❣ ❡
❩
❞
❪ ❩ ❱
❜ ❤
❨
⑤ ❣
❳ ❫ ❩ ❱ ❩
❞ ❤
❱
❤
❨
❥ ❦
✻ ✎ ✏ ✏ ❸ ❩
❡ ❤
❨
✻ ✎ ✏
❴
❹ ❩
⑥ ⑥
❫
❜
❫ ❩ ❱
❜
❺
❭r r
❣
❨
❦
❸ ❩ ❫ ❱ ❳
❜
❳ ❩
⑧
❩ ❱ ❬
❤
❨
❻ ❼
❤
❨ ❪ ❫
❜ ❤ ❜
❽
❬ ❬ ❫ ❳ ❫ ❩ ❱
❣ ⑥ ❤
❼
❤
❨ ❪ ❫
❜ ❤ ❜
❽ ⑧ ⑧ ❤
❱ ❬ ❫ ❼
❾ ❿ ➀
❆ ✥   ✁ ❇ ✮ ✂ ✄ ✥ ☎ ✆ ✂ ✝ ☎ ✥ ✞ ✄
❆
✳
❇
✟ ✠ ✡ ❝
  ✄
☛ ✭ ☞ ✌ ✍
✞ ✮
✇ ✎ ☎ ✏ ☎
☛
✂ ✄ ✁ ✎ ☎ ✞ ✝ ✑ ✒ ☎ ✓ ☎ ✁ ✇ ☎ ☎ ✝ ✁ ✎ ☎ ✁ ✇   ✔ ☎
❝
✁   ✏ ✄ ✞ ✄
✄ ✎   ✇ ✝ ✂ ✝ s ✂ ✑
✌ ☞ ✌ ✍
✞
✌
✕ ✂ ✝
❝
☎
✠
✖
✡
✞ ✝ ✥
❝
  ✄
☛
✞ ✏ ☎
✄
❝
✞ ✒ ✞ ✏ ✄ ✗ ✁ ✎ ☎ ✥   ✁ ✘ ✏   ✥ ✙
❝
✁   ✆ ❆ ✞ ✝ ✥ ❇ ✂ ✄ ✞ ✄
❝
✞ ✒ ✞ ✏
q ✙ ✞ ✝ ✁ ✂ ✁ ✚
✌
✛ ✞
❝
✎ ✔ ☎
❝
✁   ✏ ✗ ❆ ✞ ✝ ✥ ❇ ✗ ✎ ✞ ✄ ✞ ✥ ✂ ✏ ☎
❝
✁ ✂   ✝
✓ ✙ ✁ ✁ ✎ ☎ ✂ ✏ ✄
❝
✞ ✒ ✞ ✏ ✘ ✏   ✥ ✙
❝
✁ ✥   ☎ ✄ ✝   ✁ ✎ ✞ ✔ ☎ ✞
✥ ✂ ✏ ☎
❝
✁ ✂   ✝
✌
s ✏   ❋ ✛ q
✌ ✭ ☞ ✌ ✍
✞ ✮ ✗ ✇ ☎ ✎ ✞ ✔ ☎
❆
✳
❇
✟ ✠ ✭ ✡ ❝
  ✄
☛
✮
✟ ✡ ✭ ✠ ❝
  ✄
☛
✮
● ☎   ❋ ☎ ✁ ✏ ✂
❝
✞ ✒ ✒ ✚ ✗
✡ ❝
  ✄
☛
✂ ✄ ✁ ✎ ☎ ✘ ✏   ✜ ☎
❝
✁ ✂   ✝   ✆ ❇   ✝ ✁  
❆ ✂ ✝ s ✂ ✑
✌ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✭
✓ ✮ ✞ ✝ ✥
✠ ❝
  ✄
☛
✂ ✄ ✁ ✎ ☎ ✘ ✏   ✜ ☎
❝
✁ ✂   ✝   ✆ ❆
  ✝ ✁   ❇ ✂ ✝ s ✂ ✑
✌ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✭ ❝
✮
✌
✕   ✗ ❆
✳
❇ ✂ ✄ ✁ ✎ ☎ ✘ ✏   ✥ ✙
❝
✁   ✆
✁ ✎ ☎ ❋ ✞ ✑ ✝ ✂ ✁ ✙ ✥ ☎   ✆ ❆ ✞ ✝ ✥ ✁ ✎ ☎
❝
  ❋ ✘   ✝ ☎ ✝ ✁   ✆ ❇ ✞ ✒   ✝ ✑
❆
✌
✢ ✒ ✁ ☎ ✏ ✝ ✞ ✁ ✂ ✔ ☎ ✒ ✚ ✗ ✂ ✁ ✂ ✄ ✁ ✎ ☎ ✘ ✏   ✥ ✙
❝
✁   ✆ ✁ ✎ ☎
❋ ✞ ✑ ✝ ✂ ✁ ✙ ✥ ☎   ✆ ❇ ✞ ✝ ✥ ✁ ✎ ☎
❝
  ❋ ✘   ✝ ☎ ✝ ✁   ✆ ❆ ✞ ✒   ✝ ✑ ❇
✌
✛ q ✙ ✞ ✁ ✂   ✝
✭ ☞ ✌ ✍
✞ ✮ ✄ ✎   ✇ ✄ ✁ ✎ ✞ ✁ ✁ ✎ ☎ ✄
❝
✞ ✒ ✞ ✏ ✘ ✏   ✥ ✙
❝
✁
✆   ✒ ✒   ✇ ✄ ✁ ✎ ☎
❝
  ❋ ❋ ✙ ✁ ✞ ✁ ✂ ✔ ☎ ✒ ✞ ✇
❢
❆
✳
❇
✟
❇
✳
❆
✕
❝
✞ ✒ ✞ ✏ ✘ ✏   ✥ ✙
❝
✁   ✓ ☎ ✚ ✄ ✁ ✎ ☎ ❞ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✣ ★ ✩ ✦ ✣ ✪ ✫
❧ ✬ ✯
❢
❆
✳
✭
❇
✰ ✱
✮
✟
❆
✳
❇
✰
❆
✳
✱
s ✙ ✏ ✁ ✎ ☎ ✏ ✗ ❆
✳
✭
✲ ❇ ✮
✟
✲
✭
❆
✳
❇ ✮
✇ ✎ ☎ ✏ ☎ ✲ ✂ ✄ ✞ ✏ ☎ ✞ ✒ ✝ ✙ ❋ ✓ ☎ ✏
✌
❚
✎ ☎ ✘ ✏     ✆ ✄   ✆ ✁ ✎ ☎ ✞ ✓   ✔ ☎ ☎ q ✙ ✞ ✁ ✂   ✝ ✄ ✞ ✏ ☎ ✒ ☎ ✆ ✁ ✁  
✚   ✙ ✞ ✄ ✞ ✝ ☎
②
☎ ✏
❝
✂ ✄ ☎
✌
s   ✏ ✙ ✝ ✂ ✁ ✔ ☎
❝
✁   ✏ ✄
✴ ✴ ✴
✐ ✵ ❥ ✵ ❦
✇ ☎ ✎ ✞ ✔ ☎
✶ ✶ ✶ ✶ ✶ ✶
✷ ✷ ✸ ✸ ✹ ✹✺ ✻ ✺ ✻ ✺ ✻ ✼
✽ ✽ ✽ ✽ ✽ ✽
✾ ✿ ✿ ❀ ❀ ✾❁ ❂ ❁ ❂ ❁ ❂ ❃
● ✂ ✔ ☎ ✝ ✁ ✇   ✔ ☎
❝
✁   ✏ ✄
❄ ❅ ❈ ❉❊ ❍ ❍■ ■ ■
① ❏ ③
❑ ❑ ❑
▲ ❅ ❈ ❉❊ ❍ ❍▼ ▼ ▼
① ❏ ③
❑ ❑ ❑
✁ ✎ ☎ ✂ ✏ ✄
❝
✞ ✒ ✞ ✏ ✘ ✏   ✥ ✙
❝
✁ ✂ ✄
◆ ❖ ◆ ❖
❼ ❼ ❼ ❼ ❼ ❼
P P
◗ ❘ ❙ ◗ ❘ ❙
■ ■ ■ ▼ ▼ ▼❊ ❍ ❍ ❍ ❍❄ ▲ ❅ ❈ ❉ ❅ ❈ ❉
❊ ❍ ❍■ ▼ ■ ▼ ■ ▼
① ① ❏ ❏ ③ ③
✭ ☞ ✌ ✍
✓ ✮
s ✏   ❋ ✁ ✎ ☎ ✥ ☎ ✆ ✂ ✝ ✂ ✁ ✂   ✝   ✆ ✄
❝
✞ ✒ ✞ ✏ ✘ ✏   ✥ ✙
❝
✁ ✞ ✝ ✥ ✗
✭
✛ q
✌
☞ ✌ ✍
✓ ✮ ✇ ☎ ✎ ✞ ✔ ☎
❢
✭
✂ ✮
❯ ❯ ❱ ❱ ❲ ❲
❳ ❳ ❳ ❳ ❳ ❳❨ ❩ ❩❬ ❬
❭ ✏ ✗
■ ■ ■ ■
❪
①
❪
❏
❪
③
❪
❊ ❍ ❍ ✭ ☞ ✌ ✍ ❝
✮
✄ ✂ ✝
❝
☎ ❆
✳
❆
✟ ❫
❆
❫ ❫
❆
❫ ❝
  ✄
⑤ ✟ ✠
❴
✌
✭
✂ ✂ ✮ ❆
✳
❇
✟ ⑤
✗ ✂ ✆ ❆ ✞ ✝ ✥ ❇ ✞ ✏ ☎ ✘ ☎ ✏ ✘ ☎ ✝ ✥ ✂
❝
✙ ✒ ✞ ✏
✌
❵ ❛ ❜ ❡ ❣ ❤ ♠ ♥ ♦ ♣
s ✂ ✝ ✥ ✁ ✎ ☎ ✞ ✝ ✑ ✒ ☎ ✓ ☎ ✁ ✇ ☎ ☎ ✝ ✆   ✏
❝
☎
r
✟
t ✉ ✈ ④ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩
❶ ❶ ❷
✙ ✝ ✂ ✁ ✞ ✝ ✥ ✥ ✂ ✄ ✘ ✒ ✞
❝
☎ ❋ ☎ ✝ ✁
❞
✟
❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❽ ❾ ❻ ❿ ➀ ➁
➂ ➂ ➃
✙ ✝ ✂ ✁
✌
✢ ✒ ✄   ✆ ✂ ✝ ✥ ✁ ✎ ☎
✘ ✏   ✜ ☎
❝
✁ ✂   ✝   ✆ r   ✝ ❞
✌
➄ ➅ ➆ ➇
♠
➈ r
.
❞
✟
➉ ➉ ➊ ➊ ➋ ➋
➌ ➍ ➌ ➍ ➌ ➍➎ ➎
✟
➏
✭
➐ ✮
✰
➑
✭
➑ ✮
✰ ✭
➒ ➏ ✮
✭
➏ ✮
✟ ✍ ☞
✙ ✝ ✂ ✁
➓ ☎ ✝
❝
☎ r
.
❞
✟
➔ → ➣ ↔↕ ➙
✟ ✍ ☞
✙ ✝ ✂ ✁
➛
  ✇ r
.
r
✟
➜ ➜ ➜ ➜
◗ ❘ ❙
↕ ↕ ↕ ↕
❊ ❍ ❍
✟
➝
✰ ✍ ☞ ✰
➞ ➐
✟
➐
⑤
✙ ✝ ✂ ✁
✞ ✝ ✥ ❞
.
❞
✟ ➟
➠
✟
➡ ➡ ➡
➢ ➤ ➥
➦ ➦ ➦➧ ➧
✟
➞ ➐
✰ ✍ ☞ ✰
➝
✟
➐
⑤
✙ ✝ ✂ ✁
➨
❝
  ✄
➙
✟
➩ ➫ ➩ ➫
➭ ➭ ➯ ➲ ➳ ➵
➸
➯
➸
➯
➸
➯
✗
➙
✟ ❝
  ✄
➺ ➻
⑤ ✌
➏ ➞ ➼
➽ ➾ ➚ ➪ ➶ ➪ ➹ ➘ ➴ ➷ ➬ ➮ ➱ ✃ ❐ ❒ ❮ ❒ ❰ Ï ❰ ÐÑ Ò ❐ Ó Ð Ô ÓÕÐ Ö➱ ❐ ÓÐ ❰ ✃ × ❒ Ø Ñ Ù Ú ✃ ❒ ✃ ❐ ❒ ❮ ❒ ❰ Û ×
Ü
Ù Ý Þ ß à á â
☛
ã ➘ ä ➷ ß à á â
☛
Ú ✃ Ó➮ ➱ Ï ❰ Ðå ➱ ❐ Ó Ú ÐØ
Ð Ô Ù ÐØ Ó Ð ×
æ
➘ à ➷ Þ ❐ Ð✃
☛
Ú ✃ Ó ➮ ➱ Ï ❰ Ð å ➱ ❐ Ó Ú Ð Ø Ð Ô × ÐØ Ó Ð Ù ã
ç è é ê ë ì í ì é î ï ð í ñ ò è ç ì é
ó ó ô
õ
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✶ ✆
✝
❦ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✡ ✟ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✟ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✓ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✟ ✕
✡ ✒ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✟ ✌ ☛ t ✡ ✎ ✓ ✟ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✍ ✠ ✎ ✓ ☞ t ✞ ✔ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✔ ✗
❈✟ ✞ ✓ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✍ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✑ ✎ ✞ ✚ ✕ ✍ ✟ ✖
✏ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✚ ✒ ✡ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✙ ❦ ✖ ✗ ❤ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✡ ✓ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✟ t ✞ ✔ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✒
✏ ✓ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✟ ✕ ❛ ✙ ✗ ✙ ✖ ✓
✲ ✛
✗ ✥ ✏ ✜ ❲ ✒ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✍ ❦
✔ ✟ ✞ ☞ ☛ ❞ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✏ ❣ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✟ ✍ ❢ ☞ ✢ ❲ ✒ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✓
✡ ✒ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✍ ❦ ✔ ✟ ✞ ☞ ☛ ❞ ✡ ✒ ☞ t ✞ ❦ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✎ ✓ ✡ ✎ ❣ ☞
✕ ✟ ✍ ❢ ☞ ✢
❆ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✧ ★
✥ ✏ ✜
✭
✒ ☞ ❢ ✒ ✏ ✞ ✚ ☞ ✎ ✞ ❦ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✡ ✎ ❢ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✚ ❞ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✒ ☞
✔ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✎ ✓
✷
✩
✵
✪
❑ ✫ ✬✮ ✯ ❾
✯
✩
✪
✩
✵ ✺ ✵ ✺ ✵
✰✱
× × ×
❂
✘ ✗
✳
❛
✴
✠ ✒ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✒ ✏ ❣ ☞ ✏ ✓ ✓ t ✖ ☞ ✔ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✡ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✑ ❞
✏ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✡ ✗
✸
✓ ✓ t ✖ ✎ ✞ ✚ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✡
✹
✎ ✓ ✏ ❢ ✟ ✞ ✓ ✡ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✒ ✏ ❣ ✏ ✑ t ☞
✘ ✙ ✖
✻
✓
✼
✽
✡ ✒ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✍ ❦ ✔ ✟ ✞ ☞ ☛ ❞ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✏ ❣ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✟ ✍ ❢ ☞
✎ ✓
✽
✾
✿
❂
♠
✹
❀
❂
✘ ✙
✲ ❁
❃ ✘ ✙ ❃ ✘ ✙
❁
❂
✘ ✙ ✗ ✙
✴
✥ ☛ ✜ ❄ ✍ ✟ ✖ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✍ ❦ ❅ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✚ ❞ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✟ ✍ ☞ ✖
❇ r
❉ ❊ ❊❋ ● ❍
✠ ✒ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✾
■
✎ ✓ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✍ ❦ ✔ ✟ ✞ ☞ ☛ ❞ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✎ ✓ ✡ ✎ ❣ ☞ ✕ ✟ ✍ ❢ ☞
✟ ✞ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✞ ✔ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✗
✭
✒ t ✓
✾
■
❂ ❏▲ ▼
✾
✿
❂
✘ ✗
✳
❛
▼
✘ ✙
❂ ▼
◆ ✗ ❖ ❛
✴
✎ ✓ ✞ ☞ ✚ ✏ ✡ ✎ ❣ ☞ ✗ ◗
❘ ❙ ❚ ❯ ❱ ❳ ❨
✸
✓ ✓ ☞ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✍
✽
✠ ✟ ✍ ❦ ✎ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✔ ✡ ✟ ✕ ✟ ✍ ❢ ☞ ✏ ✞ ✔ ✡ ✒ ☞
✔ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✑ ✏ ❢ ☞ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✡ ✟ ❣ ☞ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✎ ❢ ✒ ✎ ✡ ✏ ❢ ✡ ✓ ✗ ❈✟ ✞ ✓ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✍ ✏
❢ ✟ ✞ ✓ ✡ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✕ ✟ ✍ ❢ ☞
❩
✏ ❢ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✚ ✟ ✞ ✏ ✞ ✟ ☛
❬
☞ ❢ ✡ ✟ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✓ ♠ ✗
✭
✒ ☞ ✟ ☛
❬
☞ ❢ ✡ t ✞ ✔ ☞ ✍ ✚ ✟ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✑ ✏ ❢ ☞ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✡
❭
✎ ✞ ✡ ✒ ☞
✌ ✟ ✓ ✎ ✡ ✎ ❣ ☞
①
❅ ✔ ✎ ✍ ☞ ❢ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✎ ✞ ❄ ✎ ✚ ✗
❪
✗
✳
✗
❫ ❴ ❵ ❜ ❝ ❜ ❡ ✐ ❥ ❧ ♥ ♦ ♣ q s ✉ ❥ ✈ ♣ ✇ ② ❧ ♣ ③ ④ ✈ ⑤ ③ ⑥ ⑦ ④ q ♣ ⑧ ♣ ❥ s ⑨
✉ ❥ ✈ ♣✇ s
⑩
♣ ⑤ ❥
❶
⑦ ✉ ♣❥ q ♣ ❧
❶
s
⑩
♣
❶
❧✇ q ♣
❷❸
❘ ❙ ❹ ❺ ❱ ❻ ❼ ❱ ❺ ❽ ❱
❩
❯ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❿ ❺ ➀ ❨ ❼ ❺ ➁ ❻ ❼ ➂
➁ ❺ ➁ ❳ ➃ ➄ ➅ ❻ ➆ ➁ ❯ ❱ ❳ ❨ ➇ ➁ ❺ ➁ ❳ ➃ ➄ ❻ ➆ ➁ ❱ ❳ ➁ ➈
✭
✒ ☞ ✕ ✟ ✑ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✚ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✕ ✟ ✍ ✍ ☞ ❢ ✡ ✎ ✑ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✖ ✟ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ t ✞ ✔ ☞ ✍
❢ ✟ ✞ ✓ ✡ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✏ ❢ ❢ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✍ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞
➉
✒ ✏ ✓ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✞ ❢ ✟ t ✞ ✡ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✔
✎ ✞ ❈ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✍
➊ ✽
➋
✼
▼
➌
✼
❂ ✳ ➉
➍
✠ ✒ ☞ ✍ ☞ ➌ ✏ ✞ ✔ ➋ ✏ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✞ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✞ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✓
✏ ✞ ✔ ➍ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✡ ✏ ✞ ❢ ☞ ✡ ✍ ✏ ❣ ☞ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✔ ✗ ➎ t ✑ ✡ ✎ ✌ ✑ ❞ ✎ ✞ ✚ ☛ ✟ ✡ ✒
✓ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✓ ☛ ❞ ♠
✻
➏
✽
✠ ☞ ✒ ✏ ❣ ☞
✷ ✷
✩ ✩
✪ ✪
✫ ✬ ✫ ➐ ✫ ➑ ➒ ➓ ➒❾ ✯ ✯
✥
❪
✗
✳
✏ ✜
✠ ✒ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✓ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✟ ✑ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✟ ✖ ➔ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✞ → ✓
➣ ☞ ❢ ✟ ✞ ✔ ↔ ✏ ✠ ✗ ❲ ☞ ❢ ✏ ✞ ✚ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✓ ☞ ↕ ➙ ✗ ✥
❪
✗ ✘ ✜
✡ ✟ ✡ ✒ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✓ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✓ ☛ ❞ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✑ ✟ ❞ ✎ ✞ ✚
❣ ☞ ❢ ✡ ✟ ✍ ✓
➋
✼
▼
➌
✼
❂ ✳ ➛
❙
❭
➜ ✞ ❢ ☞ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✎ ✞ ✖ t ✑ ✡ ✎ ✌ ✑ ❞ ✎ ✞ ✚ ☛ ✟ ✡ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✓ ☛ ❞ ♠
✻
➏
✽
✠ ☞
✟ ☛ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✞
✷ ✷
✩ ✩
➝ ➝
✪ ✪
✫ ✬ ✫ ➐ ✫ ➑
➞
➓
➞
❾ ✯ ✯
✥
❪
✗
✳
☛ ✜
✭
✒ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✟ ❣ ☞ ☞ ➙ t ✏ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✟ ❣ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✖ ✟ ✡ ✎ ❣ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✕ ✟ ✍
✡ ✒ ☞ ✔ ☞ ✕ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✓ ✟ ✕ ✠ ✟ ✍ ❦ ✏ ✞ ✔ ❦ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✡ ✎ ❢ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✚ ❞ ✗
✭
✒ ☞
✑ ☞ ✕ ✡ ✓ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✒ ☞ ☞ ➙ t ✏ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✎ ✓ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✞ ❢ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✡ ✒ ☞
➙ t ✏ ✞ ✡ ✎ ✡ ❞ ➟ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✡ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✓ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✓ ➙ t ✏ ✍ ☞ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✒ ☞
✓ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✔ → ✕ ✍ ✟ ✖ ✎ ✡ ✓ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✑ ❣ ✏ ✑ t ☞ ✡ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✓ ✕ ✎ ✞ ✏ ✑ ❣ ✏ ✑ t ☞ ✗ ❲ ☞
❢ ✏ ✑ ✑ ☞ ✏ ❢ ✒ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✓ ☞ ➙ t ✏ ✞ ✡ ✎ ✡ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✡ ✒ ☞ ➟ ❦ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✡ ✎ ❢ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✚ ❞ →
✽
✔ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✡ ☞ ✔ ☛ ❞
▲
✗
✭
✒ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✚ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✎ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✔ t ❢ ✡ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✒ ☞
✔ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✑ ✏ ❢ ☞ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✞ ✔ ✡ ✒ ☞ ❢ ✟ ✖ ✌ ✟ ✞ ☞ ✞ ✡ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✕ ✟ ✍ ❢ ☞
✏ ✑ ✟ ✞ ✚ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✑ ✏ ❢ ☞ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✡ ✗
✭
✒ ✎ ✓ ➙ t ✏ ✞ ✡ ✎ ✡ ❞ ✎ ✓ ❢ ✏ ✑ ✑ ☞ ✔
➟ ✠ ✟ ✍ ❦ → ✏ ✞ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✔ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✡ ☞ ✔ ☛ ❞ ✾
➠
↕ ➙ ✗ ✥
❪
✗
✳
✜ ✎ ✓ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✞
▲
➡
➢
▲
➤
➥ ✾ ✥
❪
✗
➊
✜
✠ ✒ ☞ ✍ ☞
▲
➤
✏ ✞ ✔
▲
➡
✏ ✍ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✌ ☞ ❢ ✡ ✎ ❣ ☞ ✑ ❞ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✞ ✔
✕ ✎ ✞ ✏ ✑ ❦ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✡ ✎ ❢ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✚ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✟ ☛
❬
☞ ❢ ✡ ✗ ❲ ✟ ✍ ❦ ✍ ☞ ✕ ☞ ✍ ✓
✡ ✟ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✕ ✟ ✍ ❢ ☞ ✏ ✞ ✔ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✑ ✏ ❢ ☞ ✖ ☞ ✞ ✡ ✟ ❣ ☞ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✎ ❢ ✒ ✎ ✡
✏ ❢ ✡ ✓ ✗ ❯
➦ ➧ ➨ ➩ ➫ ❭ ➦ ➭ ➯ ➲ ➳ ➛ ➵ ➦ ➧ ➸ ➯ ➦ ➭ ➺➻ ➯ ➲ ➦ ❭ ➳ ➦ ➼ ➯ ➧
➛ ➸ ➯ ➧ ➺ ➛ ➩ ➭ ❭ ➩ ➫ ➽ ➾ ➛ ➸ ➯ ➚ ➯ ➭ ➺
✗
↕ ➙ t ✏ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✥
❪
✗
✳
✜ ✎ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✟ ✏ ✓ ✌ ☞ ❢ ✎ ✏ ✑ ❢ ✏ ✓ ☞ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✒ ☞
✠ ✟ ✍ ❦ ❅ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✚ ❞ ✥ ❲ ↕ ✜ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✟ ✍ ☞ ✖
➪
❻
➻ ➯ ➸ ➻ ➛ ➭ ➶ ➯ ➩ ➭
➨ ➩ ➭ ➯ ➺ ➩ ➸ ➯ ➭ ➯ ➧ ➶ ➳ ➦ ➵ ➛ ➽ ➛ ➧ ➺ ➩ ➸ ➾ ➯ ➩ ➫ ➯ ➹ ➘ ➛ ➾ ➺ ➦ ➺➻ ➯
➴
➦ ➧ ➨ ❭ ➦ ➭ ➯ ➦ ➭ ➩ ➺ ➲ ➳ ➺➻ ➯ ➭ ➯ ➺ ➵ ➦ ➧ ➸ ➯
✗ ❲ ☞ ✓ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✑
✚ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✓ ☞ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✟ ❣ ☞ ✔ ☞ ✍ ✎ ❣ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✟ ✏ ❣ ✏ ✍ ❞ ✎ ✞ ✚ ✕ ✟ ✍ ❢ ☞
✎ ✞ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✓ ☞ ❢ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✗
➷ ➬ ➮ ➱ ✃ ❐
✧
❒ ❮ ❰ ❤ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✠ ☞ ✑ ✑ ❦ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✡ ✏
✍ ✏ ✎ ✞ ✔ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✑ ✓ t ✞ ✔ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✕ ✑ t ☞ ✞ ❢ ☞ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✒ ☞
✔ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✠ ✏ ✍ ✔ ✚ ✍ ✏ ❣ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✟ ✍ ❢ ☞ ✏ ✞ ✔ ✡ ✒ ☞
✟ ✌ ✌ ✟ ✓ ✎ ✞ ✚ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✎ ✓ ✡ ✎ ❣ ☞ ✕ ✟ ✍ ❢ ☞ ✗
✭
✒ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✓
❲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ☎ ✁ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✆ ✠ ✡   ❲ ☎ ✁ ✶ ✶ ☛
☞
❚ ❛ ✌ ✍✎ ✏ ✑✒ ❆ ✍✓ ✎ ✔ ♥❛ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✗ ♥ ✕ ✓ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✔ ♦ ✜ ✢ ♥ ✎ ✔ ❣ ✣ ✕ ♥ ✤
❊ ✥ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✯ ✵ ✷ ✸ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✹ ✳ ✺ ✲ ✻ ✻ ✲ ✼ ✽
✳ ✴ ✵ s ✲ ✼ ✾ ✿ ✷ ❀ ❁ ❂ ❃ ✲ ✼ ✽ ✴ ❄ ✲ ✳ s ❃ ✵ ✯ ✸ ✳ ✳ ❅ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸
✵ ✼ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✱ ✸ ✻ ❂ ✸ ✴ ✵ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❃ ✵ ✹ ✻ ✲ ✳ ❈ ✿ ✿ ❉ ✹ ✼ ✻
✲ ✳ ✻ ✲ ❃ ✸ ✯ ✴ ✱ ✰ ✵ s s ✵ ✳ ✸ ✻ ✴ ✵ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✷ ✵ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✼ ❀ ✐ ✹ ❋ ● ✵ ❍
✷ ❂ ✯ ❄ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✻ ✵ ✸ ✳ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❃ ✵ ✹ ✻ ✻ ✵ ✵ ✼ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✱ ✸ ♠
✐ ■ ❋ ● ✵ ❍ ✷ ❂ ✯ ❄ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✻ ✵ ✸ ✳ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✱ ✸ ✻ ✵ ✵ ✼
✴ ❄ ✸ ❃ ✵ ✹ ✻ ♠
❏ ❑ ▲ ▼
✪
◆ ❖
✵ ❃ ✺ ✻ ✵ ✼ ✸ ✵ ✼ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✱ ✸ ■ ✰ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❃ ✵ ✹ ✻ ✲ ✳
✴ ❄ ✸ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✻ ✵ ✼ ✸ ■ ✰ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✳ ✴ ✵ s s ✲ ✼ ✽ ✐ ❇ ❃ ✲ ✯ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✼ ✹ ✱ ❋ ❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸
✵ ✼ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✱ ✸ ✻ ❂ ✸ ✴ ✵ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❃ ✵ ✹ ✻ ❀
✐ ✹ ❋ P ❄ ✸ ✳ ✴ ✵ s s ✲ ✼ ✽ ❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸ ✹ ✼ ✻ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✻ ✲ ✳ s ✱ ✹ ✯ ✸ ✷ ✸ ✼ ✴ ✷ ✹ ✺ ✸
✹ ✼ ✹ ✼ ✽ ✱ ✸ ✵ ❇ ✾ ◗ ✿
❘
✐ ❙ ❃ ✹ ✻ ❋ ❍ ✲ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✹ ✯ ❄ ✵ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❃ ❀
P ❄ ❂ ✳ ❅ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✻ ✵ ✼ ✸ ■ ✰ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❃ ✵ ✹ ✻ ❅
❯
r
❱ ❳ ❨ ✯ ✵ ✳ ❩
❱ ❈ ✿ ✿
×
✾ ✿
×
✯ ✵ ✳ ❙
❱ ❬ ❈ ✿ ✿ ✿ ❭
❪ ✴ ✲ ✳ ✴ ❄ ✲ ✳ ✼ ✸ ✽ ✹ ✴ ✲ ❫ ✸ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✴ ❄ ✹ ✴ ■ ❃ ✲ ✼ ✽ ✳ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✱ ✸
✴ ✵ ✹ ❄ ✹ ✱ ✴ ✲ ✼ ✹ ✯ ✯ ✵ ❃ ✻ ✹ ✼ ✯ ✸ ❍ ✲ ✴ ❄
❖ t
✴ ❄ ✸ ✵ ❃ ✸ ✷ ❀
✐ ■ ❋
❴
❃ ✵ ✷ ❉ ✸ ❍ ✴ ✵ ✼
❵
✳ P ❄ ✲ ❃ ✻
❜
✹ ❍ ✹ ✼ ✸
❝
❂ ✹ ✱ ✹ ✼ ✻
✵ s s ✵ ✳ ✲ ✴ ✸ ❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸ ✹ ✯ ✴ ✳ ✵ ✼ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❃ ✵ ✹ ✻ ✻ ❂ ✸ ✴ ✵ ✴ ❄ ✸
✯ ✰ ✯ ✱ ✸ ❀ ❪ ✴ ✳ ✷ ✹ ✽ ✼ ✲ ✴ ❂ ✻ ✸ ✲ ✳ ❈ ✿ ✿ ❉❀ ● ✵ ❍ ✸ ❫ ✸ ❃ ❅ ✴ ❄ ✸
❃ ✵ ✹ ✻ ❂ ✼ ✻ ✸ ❃ ✽ ✵ ✸ ✳ ✼ ✵ ✻ ✲ ✳ s ✱ ✹ ✯ ✸ ✷ ✸ ✼ ✴ ❀ P ❄ ❂ ✳ ❅
❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✻ ✵ ✼ ✸ ■ ✰ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✱ ✸ ✵ ✼ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❃ ✵ ✹ ✻ ✲ ✳
✇
✸ ❃ ✵ ❀
❞
P ❄ ✸ ✱ ✸ ✳ ✳ ✵ ✼ ✵ ❇ ✴ ❄ ✲ ✳ ✸ ❡ ✹ ✷ s ✱ ✸ ✲ ✳ ✴ ❄ ✹ ✴ ✴ ❄ ✵ ❂ ✽ ❄
✴ ❄ ✸ ❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸ ✵ ✼ ✹ ■ ✵ ✻ ✰ ✮ ✸ ❡ ✸ ❃ ✴ ✸ ✻ ■ ✰ ✴ ❄ ✸ ■ ✵ ✻ ✰
❢
✲ ✳
✹ ✱ ❍ ✹ ✰ ✳ ✸
❝
❂ ✹ ✱ ✹ ✼ ✻ ✵ s s ✵ ✳ ✲ ✴ ✸ ✴ ✵ ✴ ❄ ✹ ✴ ✵ ✼
❢
■ ✰ ✮
✐ ❉✸ ❍ ✴ ✵ ✼
❵
✳ P ❄ ✲ ❃ ✻
❜
✹ ❍ ❋ ❤ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✻ ✵ ✼ ✸ ✵ ✼ ✮ ■ ✰
❢
✲ ✳ ✼ ✵ ✴ ✼ ✸ ✯ ✸ ✳ ✳ ✹ ❃ ✲ ✱ ✰ ✸
❝
❂ ✹ ✱ ✹ ✼ ✻ ✵ s s ✵ ✳ ✲ ✴ ✸ ✴ ✵ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺
✻ ✵ ✼ ✸ ✵ ✼
❢
■ ✰ ✮ ❀
❥ ❦ ❧ ♣ q ✉ ✈ ① q ② ✈ ✉ ✈ ③ ④ ⑤
✮ ✳ ✼ ✵ ✴ ✸ ✻ ✸ ✹ ❃ ✱ ✲ ✸ ❃ ❅ ✲ ❇ ✹ ✼ ✵ ■
⑥
✸ ✯ ✴ ✵ ❇ ✷ ✹ ✳ ✳
⑦
❄ ✹ ✳
❫ ✸ ✱ ✵ ✯ ✲ ✴ ✰
⑧
❅ ✲ ✴ ✳ ✺ ✲ ✼ ✸ ✴ ✲ ✯ ✸ ✼ ✸ ❃ ✽ ✰
⑨
✲ ✳
⑩
❶ ❷ ❷ ❸
❹ ❹
❺ ❺
❻ ❻
❼ ❼ ❽
✐ ❾ ❀ ❿ ❋
➀
✲ ✼ ✸ ✴ ✲ ✯ ✸ ✼ ✸ ❃ ✽ ✰ ✲ ✳ ✹ ✳ ✯ ✹ ✱ ✹ ❃
❝
❂ ✹ ✼ ✴ ✲ ✴ ✰ ❀ P ❄ ✸ ✺ ✲ ✼ ✸ ✴ ✲ ✯
✸ ✼ ✸ ❃ ✽ ✰ ✵ ❇ ✹ ✼ ✵ ■
⑥
✸ ✯ ✴ ✲ ✳ ✹ ✷ ✸ ✹ ✳ ❂ ❃ ✸ ✵ ❇ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✹ ✼
① ➁ ➂ ➃ ➄ ➅➆ ➇ ➄ ➈ ➂ ➉ ➊ ➋ ➁ ➂ ➌ ➄ ➅➍ ➂ ➎ ➏ ➇ ➂ ➌ ➎ ➈ ➂ ➇ ➋➄ ➉ ➂
➋ ➁ ➂
➐
➅➄ ➇
➑
➍ ➋ ➄ ➌ ➍ ➄
➒ ➐
➄ ➈ ➂ ➈ ➋ ➄ ➌ ➋ ➁ ➂ ➌ ➄ ➅➍ ➂ ➎ ➈ ➋➁ ➂
➇ ➎ ➅ ➂ ➍ ➋ ➎ ➄ ➈ ➄ ➌ ➋ ➁ ➂ ➇ ➎ ➏
➐ ➓ ➔
➍ ➂
➒
➂ ➈ ➋
➔
➈ ➇ ➋ ➁ ➂
➒ ➔ →
➈ ➎ ➋
➑
➇ ➂ ➄ ➌ ➋ ➁ ➎ ➏ ➇ ➎ ➏
➐ ➓ ➔
➍ ➂
➒
➂ ➈ ➋❀ P ❄ ❂ ✳
❯ ❱ ✐ ❳ ✯ ✵ ✳ ❩ ❋ ❨ ❱ ➣ ❦ ➇ ✐ ❾ ❀ ↔ ❋
❖
✸ ✳ ✸ ✸ ✴ ❄ ✹ ✴ ✲ ❇ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❃ ✸ ✲ ✳ ✼ ✵ ✻ ✲ ✳ s ✱ ✹ ✯ ✸ ✷ ✸ ✼ ✴ ❅ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❃ ✸
✲ ✳ ✼ ✵ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✻ ✵ ✼ ✸ ✸ ❫ ✸ ✼ ✲ ❇ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸ ✲ ✳ ✱ ✹ ❃ ✽ ✸ ❀ P ❄ ❂ ✳ ❅
❍ ❄ ✸ ✼ ✰ ✵ ❂ s ❂ ✳ ❄ ❄ ✹ ❃ ✻ ✹ ✽ ✹ ✲ ✼ ✳ ✴ ✹ ❃ ✲ ✽ ✲ ✻ ■ ❃ ✲ ✯ ✺ ❍ ✹ ✱ ✱ ❅
✴ ❄ ✸ ❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸ ✰ ✵ ❂ ✸ ❡ ✸ ❃ ✴ ✵ ✼ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❍ ✹ ✱ ✱ ✻ ✵ ✸ ✳ ✼ ✵ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ❀
↕
✸ ✴
✰ ✵ ❂ ❃ ✷ ❂ ✳ ✯ ✱ ✸ ✳ ✹ ❃ ✸ ✹ ✱ ✴ ✸ ❃ ✼ ✹ ✴ ✲ ❫ ✸ ✱ ✰ ✯ ✵ ✼ ✴ ❃ ✹ ✯ ✴ ✲ ✼ ✽ ✹ ✼ ✻
❃ ✸ ✱ ✹ ❡ ✲ ✼ ✽ ✹ ✼ ✻ ✲ ✼ ✴ ✸ ❃ ✼ ✹ ✱ ✸ ✼ ✸ ❃ ✽ ✰ ✲ ✳ ■ ✸ ✲ ✼ ✽ ❂ ✳ ✸ ✻ ❂ s
✹ ✼ ✻ ✰ ✵ ❂ ✻ ✵ ✽ ✸ ✴ ✴ ✲ ❃ ✸ ✻ ❀ P ❄ ❂ ✳ ❅ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✷ ✸ ✹ ✼ ✲ ✼ ✽ ✵ ❇ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺
✲ ✼ s ❄ ✰ ✳ ✲ ✯ ✳ ✲ ✳ ✻ ✲ ❇ ❇ ✸ ❃ ✸ ✼ ✴ ❇ ❃ ✵ ✷ ✲ ✴ ✳ ❂ ✳ ✹ ✽ ✸ ✲ ✼ ✸ ❫ ✸ ❃ ✰ ✻ ✹ ✰
✱ ✹ ✼ ✽ ❂ ✹ ✽ ✸ ❀
❉ ✵ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✲ ✳ ✻ ✵ ✼ ✸ ✲ ❇ ➙
✐ ✲ ❋ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✻ ✲ ✳ s ✱ ✹ ✯ ✸ ✷ ✸ ✼ ✴ ✲ ✳
✇
✸ ❃ ✵ ✹ ✳ ✳ ✸ ✸ ✼ ✲ ✼ ✴ ❄ ✸
✸ ❡ ✹ ✷ s ✱ ✸ ✹ ■ ✵ ❫ ✸ ❀ ✮ ❍ ✸ ✲ ✽ ❄ ✴ ✱ ✲ ❇ ✴ ✸ ❃ ❄ ✵ ✱ ✻ ✲ ✼ ✽ ✹ ✾ ❿ ✿
✺ ✽ ✷ ✹ ✳ ✳ ✳ ✴ ✸ ✹ ✻ ✲ ✱ ✰ ✵ ✼ ❄ ✲ ✳ ✳ ❄ ✵ ❂ ✱ ✻ ✸ ❃ ❇ ✵ ❃
➛
✿ ✳
✻ ✵ ✸ ✳ ✼ ✵ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✵ ✼ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✱ ✵ ✹ ✻ ✻ ❂ ❃ ✲ ✼ ✽ ✴ ❄ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✲ ✷ ✸ ❀
✐ ✲ ✲ ❋ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸ ✲ ✳
✇
✸ ❃ ✵ ❀ ✮ ■ ✱ ✵ ✯ ✺ ✷ ✵ ❫ ✲ ✼ ✽ ✵ ✼ ✹ ✳ ✷ ✵ ✵ ✴ ❄
❄ ✵ ❃ ✲
✇
✵ ✼ ✴ ✹ ✱ ✴ ✹ ■ ✱ ✸ ✲ ✳ ✼ ✵ ✴ ✹ ✯ ✴ ✸ ✻ ❂ s ✵ ✼ ■ ✰ ✹
❄ ✵ ❃ ✲
✇
✵ ✼ ✴ ✹ ✱ ❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸ ✐ ✳ ✲ ✼ ✯ ✸ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❃ ✸ ✲ ✳ ✼ ✵ ❇ ❃ ✲ ✯ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✼ ❋ ❅ ■ ❂ ✴
✷ ✹ ✰ ❂ ✼ ✻ ✸ ❃ ✽ ✵ ✹ ✱ ✹ ❃ ✽ ✸ ✻ ✲ ✳ s ✱ ✹ ✯ ✸ ✷ ✸ ✼ ✴ ❀
✐ ✲ ✲ ✲ ❋ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸ ✹ ✼ ✻ ✻ ✲ ✳ s ✱ ✹ ✯ ✸ ✷ ✸ ✼ ✴ ✹ ❃ ✸ ✷ ❂ ✴ ❂ ✹ ✱ ✱ ✰
s ✸ ❃ s ✸ ✼ ✻ ✲ ✯ ❂ ✱ ✹ ❃ ❀ P ❄ ✲ ✳ ✲ ✳ ✳ ✵ ✳ ✲ ✼ ✯ ✸ ❅ ❇ ✵ ❃ ❩ ❱ ❙
➜
❈ ❃ ✹ ✻
✐ ❱
➝
✿
❘
❋ ❅ ✯ ✵ ✳ ✐ ❙
➞
❈ ❋ ❱ ✿ ❀
❴
✵ ❃ ✴ ❄ ✸ ■ ✱ ✵ ✯ ✺ ✷ ✵ ❫ ✲ ✼ ✽ ✵ ✼
✹ ✳ ✷ ✵ ✵ ✴ ❄ ❄ ✵ ❃ ✲
✇
✵ ✼ ✴ ✹ ✱ ✴ ✹ ■ ✱ ✸ ❅ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✽ ❃ ✹ ❫ ✲ ✴ ✹ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✼ ✹ ✱
❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸
⑦
➟ ✻ ✵ ✸ ✳ ✼ ✵ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✳ ✲ ✼ ✯ ✸ ✲ ✴ ✹ ✯ ✴ ✳ ✹ ✴ ❃ ✲ ✽ ❄ ✴
✹ ✼ ✽ ✱ ✸ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✻ ✲ ✳ s ✱ ✹ ✯ ✸ ✷ ✸ ✼ ✴ ❀ ❪ ❇ ❍ ✸ ✹ ✳ ✳ ❂ ✷ ✸ ✴ ❄ ✹ ✴
✴ ❄ ✸ ✷ ✵ ✵ ✼
❵
✳ ✵ ❃ ■ ✲ ✴ ✳ ✹ ❃ ✵ ❂ ✼ ✻ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✸ ✹ ❃ ✴ ❄ ✲ ✳
s ✸ ❃ ❇ ✸ ✯ ✴ ✱ ✰ ✯ ✲ ❃ ✯ ❂ ✱ ✹ ❃ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✼ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✸ ✹ ❃ ✴ ❄
❵
✳
✽ ❃ ✹ ❫ ✲ ✴ ✹ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✼ ✹ ✱ ❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸ ✻ ✵ ✸ ✳ ✼ ✵ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ❀ P ❄ ✸ ✷ ✵ ✵ ✼
❵
✳
✲ ✼ ✳ ✴ ✹ ✼ ✴ ✹ ✼ ✸ ✵ ❂ ✳ ✻ ✲ ✳ s ✱ ✹ ✯ ✸ ✷ ✸ ✼ ✴ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✹ ✼ ✽ ✸ ✼ ✴ ✲ ✹ ✱
❍ ❄ ✲ ✱ ✸ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✸ ✹ ❃ ✴ ❄
❵
✳ ❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸ ✲ ✳ ❃ ✹ ✻ ✲ ✹ ✱ ✱ ✰ ✲ ✼ ❍ ✹ ❃ ✻ ✳ ✹ ✼ ✻
❩ ❱ ❙
➜
❈ ❀
❖
✵ ❃ ✺ ✯ ✹ ✼ ■ ✸ ■ ✵ ✴ ❄ s ✵ ✳ ✲ ✴ ✲ ❫ ✸ ✹ ✼ ✻ ✼ ✸ ✽ ✹ ✴ ✲ ❫ ✸ ❀ ❪ ❇ ❩ ✲ ✳
■ ✸ ✴ ❍ ✸ ✸ ✼ ✿
❘
✹ ✼ ✻
➝
✿
❘
❅ ✯ ✵ ✳ ❩ ✲ ✼
t ❝
❀ ✐ ❾ ❀ ↔ ❋ ✲ ✳ s ✵ ✳ ✲ ✴ ✲ ❫ ✸ ❀
❪ ❇ ❩ ✲ ✳ ■ ✸ ✴ ❍ ✸ ✸ ✼
➝
✿
❘
✹ ✼ ✻ ✾ ◗ ✿
❘
❅ ✯ ✵ ✳ ❩ ✲ ✳ ✼ ✸ ✽ ✹ ✴ ✲ ❫ ✸ ❀
❪ ✼ ✷ ✹ ✼ ✰ ✸ ❡ ✹ ✷ s ✱ ✸ ✳ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❇ ❃ ✲ ✯ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✼ ✹ ✱ ❇ ✵ ❃ ✯ ✸ ✵ s s ✵ ✳ ✸ ✳
✻ ✲ ✳ s ✱ ✹ ✯ ✸ ✷ ✸ ✼ ✴ ✹ ✼ ✻ ❩ ❱ ✾ ◗ ✿
❘
❀ P ❄ ✸ ✼ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✻ ✵ ✼ ✸
■ ✰ ❇ ❃ ✲ ✯ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✼ ✲ ✳ ✼ ✸ ✽ ✹ ✴ ✲ ❫ ✸ ✐ ✯ ✵ ✳ ✾ ◗ ✿
❘
❱ ❬ ✾ ❋ ❀
❴
❃ ✵ ✷
t ❝
❀ ✐ ❾ ❀ ↔ ❋ ✲ ✴ ✲ ✳ ✯ ✱ ✸ ✹ ❃ ✴ ❄ ✹ ✴ ❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✹ ✼ ✻ ✸ ✼ ✸ ❃ ✽ ✰
❄ ✹ ❫ ✸ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✳ ✹ ✷ ✸ ✻ ✲ ✷ ✸ ✼ ✳ ✲ ✵ ✼ ✳ ❅
➠ ➡ ❜
➢
P
➤ ➢
➥
❀ P ❄ ✸
➦
❪ ❂ ✼ ✲ ✴
✵ ❇ ✴ ❄ ✸ ✳ ✸ ✲ ✳
⑥
✵ ❂ ✱ ✸ ✐ ❭ ❋ ❅ ✼ ✹ ✷ ✸ ✻ ✹ ❇ ✴ ✸ ❃ ✴ ❄ ✸ ❇ ✹ ✷ ✵ ❂ ✳
❢
❃ ✲ ✴ ✲ ✳ ❄
s ❄ ✰ ✳ ✲ ✯ ✲ ✳ ✴ ❭ ✹ ✷ ✸ ✳ ➧ ❃ ✸ ✳ ✯ ✵ ✴ ✴ ❭ ✵ ❂ ✱ ✸ ✐ ✾ ◗ ✾ ✾ ➨ ✾ ◗ ❾
➝
❋ ❀
➦
✲ ✼ ✯ ✸
❍ ✵ ❃ ✺ ✹ ✼ ✻ ✸ ✼ ✸ ❃ ✽ ✰ ✹ ❃ ✸ ✳ ✵ ❍ ✲ ✻ ✸ ✱ ✰ ❂ ✳ ✸ ✻ ✹ ✳ s ❄ ✰ ✳ ✲ ✯ ✹ ✱
✯ ✵ ✼ ✯ ✸ s ✴ ✳ ❅ ✹ ✱ ✴ ✸ ❃ ✼ ✹ ✴ ✲ ❫ ✸ ❂ ✼ ✲ ✴ ✳ ✹ ■ ✵ ❂ ✼ ✻ ✹ ✼ ✻ ✳ ✵ ✷ ✸ ✵ ❇
✴ ❄ ✸ ✳ ✸ ✹ ❃ ✸ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✸ ✻ ✲ ✼ P ✹ ■ ✱ ✸ ❾ ❀ ✾ ❀
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✶ ✆
✝
♦ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✍ ♦ ✞ ✎ ☛ t ✠ ✈ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✒ ✠ ♦ ✓ ✏ ☛ ✔ ✕ ♦ ☛ ✏ ♦ ✌ ✖ ✗ t ✏ ✔
✌ ♦ ☛ ✏ ♦ ✌ t ☞ ✔ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✌ ✏ ✌ ☛ ✒ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✈ ✠ ♥ ✎ ✘ ✌ ♦ ✙ ✌ ✓ ♦ ✑ ☞ ♥ ♦ ✌ ✚ ☛ ✏ ✕ ✠ ✖
✗ t ✠ ✘ ✏ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✑ ✚ ✎ ♦ ✓ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✔ ☛ ✓ ♥ ♦ ✙ ✏ ✌ ✚ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✕
t ☞ ✔ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✌ ✒ ✔ ✠ ✍ ☛ ♦ ✚ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✡ ♦ ✑ ✌ ✖ ❤ ☞ ✏ ♥ ✏ ✌ ✚
✔ t ✏ s ✔ ✠ ✕ s ♥ ♦ ✎ ☛ t ✠ ✘ ✏ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✑ ✚ ✎ ♦ ✓ ☛ t ✠ ✙ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✖ ✗ ☞ ✞ ♥ ✠
✻ ✖ ✛ ♥ ✏ ✔ ☛ ✔ ☛ t ✠ ✘ ✏ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✑ ✚ ✏ ✠ ✔ ✓ ♦ ✑ ✈ ☞ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✒ ✔
♦ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✖
❊ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪
✌ ☞ ✞ ☞ ♥ ♥ ✏ ✔ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✕ ♦ ✌ ✔ ☛ ✑ ☞ ☛ ✏ ♦ ✌
☞ s ♦ ♥ ✏ ✡ ✠ ♦ ✓ ✓ ✏ ✡ ✠ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✔ ☞ ✞ ✒ ♥ ♥ ✠ ☛ ♦ ✓ ✕ ☞ ✔ ✔
❛ ✫
✖
✫
✚
✙ ✏ ☛ t ✔ s ✠ ✠ ✍ ✛
✫ ✫
✕ ✔
✲ ✬
✭
✔ ✠ ✠ ✗ ☞ ✞ ♥ ✠ ✻ ✖ ✛
✮
♦ ✌ ✔ ♦ ✓ ☛
s ♥ ✎ ✙ ♦ ♦ ✍ ♦ ✓ ☛ t ✏ ✡ ✘ ✌ ✠ ✔ ✔ ✛ ✖
✫ ✫
✡ ✕ ✖ ✗ t ✠ ✞ ✒ ♥ ♥ ✠ ☛
✠ ✕ ✠ ✑ ✚ ✠ ✔ ✙ ✏ ☛ t ♦ ✌ ♥ ✎
❡ ✫ ✯
♦ ✓ ✏ ☛ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ☞ ♥ ✘ ✏ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✡
✠ ✌ ✠ ✑ ✚ ✎ ✖
✰
t ☞ ☛ ✏ ✔ ☛ t ✠ ✠ ✕ ✠ ✑ ✚ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✔ s ✠ ✠ ✍ ♦ ✓ ☛ t ✠
✞ ✒ ♥ ♥ ✠ ☛
❜
❆ ✱ ✳ ✴ ✦ ✵
✗ t ✠ ✏ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ☞ ♥ ✘ ✏ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✑ ✚ ✎ ♦ ✓ ☛ t ✠ ✞ ✒ ♥ ♥ ✠ ☛
✏ ✔
♠ ✷
✸
✹
✛
✺ ❡ ✫ ✫ ✫ ✼
✖
✪
☛ t ☞ ✔ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✌ ☞ ♥ ✘ ✏ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✑ ✚ ✎
♦ ✓
✫
✖
❡ × ❡ ✫ ✫ ✫ ✺ ❡ ✫ ✫ ✼
✖
✪
✓
✷
❢
✏ ✔ ☛ t ✠ ✠ ✕ ✠ ✑ ✚ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✔ s ✠ ✠ ✍
♦ ✓ ☛ t ✠ ✞ ✒ ♥ ♥ ✠ ☛
✽
✾
✿
❂❀❁
❃
❄
❅ ❇ ❇ ❈
❦ ❉❋ ● ❍ ❋
❏■
❋ ❋
❑ ▲
▼
◆
❖
◗
✻
❘
✖ ✛ ✕ ✔
➊ ❙
❚ ❯ ❱ ❲ ❳ ❱ ❱ ❨ ❩ ❲ ❬ ❱ ❨ ❭ ❪ ❱ ❨ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❳ ❳ ❬❝ ❞ ❩ ❣ ❵ ✐❱ ❥ ❴ ❧ ♣ q
r ✉ ❝ ✐ ✇ ① q ②
✖
③
❧ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ⑦ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❺ ⑧ ❼ ❺ ❸ ❽ ❷ ❾ ⑦ ⑧ ❿ ❷
➀ ✡ ♦ ✌ ✔ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✓ ♦ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✔ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✠ ✖
✪
☛ ✏ ✔ ☛ t ✠ ✈ ☞ ✑ ✏ ☞ ✞ ♥ ✠ ✓ ♦ ✑ ✡ ✠
✽
✙ t ✏ ✡ t ✏ ✔ ✕ ♦ ✑ ✠ ✡ ♦ ✕ ✕ ♦ ✌ ♥ ✎ ✠ ✌ ✡ ♦ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✍ ✖ ➁ ✏ ✚ ✖ ✻ ✖ ✛
✏ ✔ ☞ s ♥ ♦ ☛ ♦ ✓ ☞ ✈ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✚ ✓ ♦ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✌ ♦ ✌ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✠ ✌ ✔ ✏ ♦ ✌ ✖
✪
✓ ☛ t ✠ ✍ ✏ ✔ s ♥ ☞ ✡ ✠ ✕ ✠ ✌ ☛ ➂ ➃ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✕ ☞ ♥ ♥
✽
✙ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✘ ✠
☛ t ✠ ✓ ♦ ✑ ✡ ✠
➄ ✭
➃
✮
☞ ✔ ☞ s s ✑ ♦
➅
✏ ✕ ☞ ☛ ✠ ♥ ✎ ✡ ♦ ✌ ✔ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍
☛ t ✠ ✙ ♦ ✑ ✘ ✍ ♦ ✌ ✠ ✏ ✔ ☛ t ✠ ✌
➂ ➆
✺ ➄ ✭
➃
✮
➂ ➃
➇ ➈ ➉ ➋➌ ➍ ➎➏ ➇ ➐ ➑ ➒ ➓ ➈ ➋ ➔ ➒ →➌ ➣ ➒ ➓ ➌ →➌ ↔ ↕ ➒ ➌ ➙ ➛ ➜ ➝
✗ t ✏ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✏ ♥ ♥ ✒ ✔ ☛ ✑ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✌ ➁ ✏ ✚ ✖ ✻ ✖
❘ ✭
☞
✮
✖ ➀ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✚
✔ ✒ ✡ ✡ ✠ ✔ ✔ ✏ ✈ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✚ ✒ ♥ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✔ ✏ ✌ ➁ ✏ ✚ ✖ ✻ ✖
❘ ✭
☞
✮
✙ ✠
✚ ✠ ☛ ☛ t ✠ ☛ ♦ ☛ ☞ ♥ ✙ ♦ ✑ ✘ ✍ ♦ ✌ ✠ ☞ ✔
➞ ➟
➠
➡➢
➤
➥
➦
➦
➧➧ ➨➩
✭
✻ ✖ ✻
✮
✙ t ✠ ✑ ✠ ☛ t ✠ ✔ ✒ ✕ ✕ ☞ ☛ ✏ ♦ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✑ ♦ ✕ ☛ t ✠ ✏ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✏ ☞ ♥ s ♦ ✔ ✏ ☛ ✏ ♦ ✌
➃
➫
☛ ♦ ☛ t ✠ ✓ ✏ ✌ ☞ ♥ s ♦ ✔ ✏ ☛ ✏ ♦ ✌ ➃
❢
✖
✪
✓ ☛ t ✠ ✍ ✏ ✔ s ♥ ☞ ✡ ✠ ✕ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✔ ☞ ✑ ✠ ☞ ♥ ♥ ♦ ✙ ✠ ✍ ☛ ♦ ☞ s s ✑ ♦ ☞ ✡ t
➭ ✠ ✑ ♦
✽
☛ t ✠ ✌ ☛ t ✠ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✞ ✠ ✑ ♦ ✓ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✌ ☛ t ✠ ✔ ✒ ✕
✏ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✔ ✠ ✔ ✙ ✏ ☛ t ♦ ✒ ☛ ♥ ✏ ✕ ✏ ☛
✽
✞ ✒ ☛ ☛ t ✠ ✔ ✒ ✕ ☞ s s ✑ ♦ ☞ ✡ t ✠ ✔
☞ ✍ ✠ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✠ ✈ ☞ ♥ ✒ ✠ ✠ ➯ ✒ ☞ ♥ ☛ ♦ ☛ t ✠ ☞ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✑ ☛ t ✠ ✡ ✒ ✑ ✈ ✠
✏ ✌ ➁ ✏ ✚ ✖ ✻ ✖
❘ ✭
✞
✮
✖ ✗ t ✠ ✌ ☛ t ✠ ✙ ♦ ✑ ✘ ✍ ♦ ✌ ✠ ✏ ✔
➲ ➳
➵
➸
➺
➻
➻
➼ ➽ ➽➾
➚
✭
✻ ✖
➪ ✮
✙ t ✠ ✑ ✠ ➶ ➹➘
♠
➴ ✔ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✔ ✓ ♦ ✑ ☛ t ✠ ♥ ✏ ✕ ✏ ☛ ♦ ✓ ☛ t ✠ ✔ ✒ ✕ ✙ t ✠ ✌
➂ ➃ ☛ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✔ ☛ ♦ ➭ ✠ ✑ ♦ ✖ ✗ t ✒ ✔
✽
✓ ♦ ✑ ☞ ✈ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✚ ✓ ♦ ✑ ✡ ✠
☛ t ✠ ✙ ♦ ✑ ✘ ✍ ♦ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✞ ✠ ✠
➅
s ✑ ✠ ✔ ✔ ✠ ✍ ☞ ✔ ☞ ✍ ✠ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✠
✏ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✚ ✑ ☞ ♥ ♦ ✓ ✓ ♦ ✑ ✡ ✠ ♦ ✈ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✏ ✔ s ♥ ☞ ✡ ✠ ✕ ✠ ✌ ☛
✭
✔ ✠ ✠ ☞ ♥ ✔ ♦
➀ s s ✠ ✌ ✍ ✏
➅ ❘
✖
❡ ✮
✖
➷ ➬
❀
➮ ➱
✃ ❐ ❒
❮ ❰
Ï
Ð
Ñ
Ò
Ó
Ó
ÔÔ Õ
Ö
Ø Ù Ú Û ÜÛÝÞ ßà
❲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ☎ ✁ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✆ ✠ ✡   ❲ ☎ ✁ ✶ ✶ ☛
☞
❋ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✎✑ ✭ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗✕ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✚ ✛ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✗✖ ✜ ✛ ✗ ✛ ✕ ✖
✇ ✥ ✙ ✦ ✘ ✥✜ ✖ ✧ ★ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✩ ✒ ✙ ★ ✪ ✜ ✢ ✫ ✥ ✙ ✚ ✖ ✬ ✮ ① ✯ ✱ ✥✩ ✖ ✙
✛ ✕ ✖ ✗
t
✒ ✣ ✣ ✘ ✪ ✗ ✤ ✣ ✒ ✚ ✖
t
✖ ✜ ✛
✰
① ✱
✰ ✲ ❂
✬ ✮ ① ✯
✰
①
✳
✭ ✧ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✘ ✪ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✥ ✫ ✒ ✣ ✣ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✚ ✛ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✗
✇✖ ✫ ✪ ✜ ✘ ✛ ✕ ✒ ✛ ✫ ✥ ✙
✰
① ✴ ✵ ✱ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✖ ✒ ✷ ✜ ✘ ✖ ✙
✛ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✷ ✙ ✩ ✖ ✪ ✗ ✖ ① ✒ ✚ ✛ ✣ ★ ✖
✸
✷ ✒ ✣ ✛ ✥ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✇ ✥✙ ✦ ✘ ✥✜ ✖
✧ ★ ✬ ✮ ①✯
✳
❊ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❆ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❉ ● ❍ ■ ❏ ❍ ❇ ❑ ▲ ● ❈ ▼ ❄ ❈
❇ ▲ ❇ ❛ ◆ ❃ ❇ ❖ ❉ ◆ ❇ ❑ P ❄ ▲ ❅ ❃ ■ ❛ ◗ ■ ■ ❇ ❍ ❇ ▲ ❄ ● ❘ ■
❍ ● ▲ P ❇ ◗ ❏ s ❙ ■ ❏ ❇ ❉ ❉ ◆ ❛ ❏ ❍ ❇ P ❄ ▲ ◗ ❏ ❄ P ❚ ❯ ❯ ❱ ❄ ❳ ❏ ▲
❇ ❨ ❛ ❍ ❑ ❇ ❈ ◗ ❏ ❄ P ❚ ❯ ❅ s ❩ ■ ❏ ▲ ❏ ❇ P ❑ ❏ ▲ ❬ ❍ ■ ❏ ❘ ❏ ❑ ❍
❉ ▲ ❄ ❘ ▲ ❏ ❍ ❍ ❛ ❳ ❏ ◆ ❖ ❑ ❛ ▲ ❏ ❨ ❇ ❈ ❨ ■ ❏ ▲ ❇ ❉ ❉ ◆ ❛ ❏ ❨ P ❄ ▲ ◗ ❏
▲ ❏ ❨ ● ◗ ❏ ❍ ◆ ❛ ❈ ❏ ❇ ▲ ◆ ❖ ❃ ❛ ❑ ■ ❨ ❛ ❍ ❑ ❇ ❈ ◗ ❏ ❑ ❄ r ❯ ❱ s ❩ ■ ❏
❑ ❄ ❑ ❇ ◆ ❨ ❛ ❍ ❑ ❇ ❈ ◗ ❏ ❑ ■ ▲ ❄ ● ❘ ■ ❃ ■ ❛ ◗ ■ ❑ ■ ❏ ❑ ▲ ● ❈ ▼ ■ ❇ ❍
❜ ❏ ❏ ❈ ❅ ❄ ❳ ❏ ❨ ❛ ❍ ❭ ❯ ❅ s ❪ ◆ ❄ ❑ ❑ ■ ❏ P ❄ ▲ ◗ ❏ ❇ ❉ ❉ ◆ ❛ ❏ ❨
❜ ❖ ❑ ■ ❏ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❇ ❈ ❨ ❑ ■ ❏ P ▲ ❛ ◗ ❑ ❛ ❄ ❈ ❇ ◆ P ❄ ▲ ◗ ❏ ❬
❃ ■ ❛ ◗ ■ ❛ ❍ r ❯ ❱ s
❫
❇ ◆ ◗ ● ◆ ❇ ❑ ❏ ❑ ■ ❏ ❃ ❄ ▲ ▼ ❨ ❄ ❈ ❏ ❜ ❖
❑ ■ ❏ ❑ ❃ ❄ P ❄ ▲ ◗ ❏ ❍ ❄ ❳ ❏ ▲ ❭ ❯ ❅ s
❴ ❵ ❝ ❞
✾
❡
❋ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✎ ❢ ❣ ✣ ✥ ✛ ✥✫ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✫ ✥✙ ✚ ✖ ✬ ✒ ✤ ✤ ✣ ✪ ✖ ✘ ✧ ★ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✇✥
t
✒ ✜ ✒ ✜ ✘
✛✕ ✖ ✥✤ ✤ ✥✗✪ ✜ ✢ ✫✙ ✪ ✚ ✛ ✪ ✥ ✜ ✒ ✣ ✫✥✙ ✚ ✖ ✫
✳
❩ ■ ❏ ❉ ◆ ❄ ❑ ❄ P ❑ ■ ❏ ❇ ❉ ❉ ◆ ❛ ❏ ❨ P ❄ ▲ ◗ ❏ ❛ ❍ ❍ ■ ❄ ❃ ❈ ❛ ❈
❤
❛ ❘ s
✐
s
❥
s ❆ ❑
❦ ❧
❭ ❯ ❅ ❬
♠ ❧
r ❯ ❱
♥ ♦
❯
♣
s
q
❏ ❇ ▲ ❏ ❘ ❛ ❳ ❏ ❈
❑ ■ ❇ ❑ ❑ ■ ❏ P ▲ ❛ ◗ ❑ ❛ ❄ ❈ ❇ ◆ P ❄ ▲ ◗ ❏
✉
❛ ❍
|✈ |❧
r ❯ ❱ s
②
❑ ❄ ❉ ❉ ❄ ❍ ❏ ❍
❅ ❄ ❑ ❛ ❄ ❈ ❇ ❈ ❨ ❇ ◗ ❑ ❍ ❛ ❈ ❇ ❨ ❛ ▲ ❏ ◗ ❑ ❛ ❄ ❈ ❄ ❉ ❉ ❄ ❍ ❛ ❑ ❏ ❑ ❄ ③ s
②
❑
❛ ❍ ❑ ■ ❏ ▲ ❏ P ❄ ▲ ❏ ❬ ❍ ■ ❄ ❃ ❈ ❄ ❈ ❑ ■ ❏ ❈ ❏ ❘ ❇ ❑ ❛ ❳ ❏ ❍ ❛ ❨ ❏ ❄ P ❑ ■ ❏
P ❄ ▲ ◗ ❏ ❇ ④ ❛ ❍ s
❩ ■ ❏ ❃ ❄ ▲ ▼ ❨ ❄ ❈ ❏ ❜ ❖ ❑ ■ ❏ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❛ ❍
⑤
⑥
⑦ ❇ ▲ ❏ ❇ ❄ P ❑ ■ ❏ ▲ ❏ ◗ ❑ ❇ ❈ ❘ ◆ ❏ ❆ ⑧
❫
⑨ ⑩ ❇ ▲ ❏ ❇ ❄ P
❑ ■ ❏ ❑ ▲ ❇ ❉ ❏ ❶ ❛ ● ❅
❫
❷
②
⑨
❸ ❹
❺
❻
❼ ❽ ❾ ❾ ❽❿ ➀ ➀ ❿ ➀
❿
➁
❿ ➀ ➀ ➂ ➀ ❿ ➀
➃ ❚ ❯ ❯ ❯ ⑩ ➄ r ❯
➃ ❚ ➄ r ❯ ➅
❩ ■ ❏ ❃ ❄ ▲ ▼ ❨ ❄ ❈ ❏ ❜ ❖ ❑ ■ ❏ P ▲ ❛ ◗ ❑ ❛ ❄ ❈ ❇ ◆ P ❄ ▲ ◗ ❏ ❛ ❍
⑤
⑥
⑦ ❇ ▲ ❏ ❇ ❄ P ❑ ■ ❏ ▲ ❏ ◗ ❑ ❇ ❈ ❘ ◆ ❏ ❆
➆ ➇ ②
⑤
➈
➃
♥ ➉
r ❯
♣ ×
❭ ❯
➃
➉
❚ ❯ ❯ ❯ ➅
❩ ■ ❏ ❇ ▲ ❏ ❇ ❄ ❈ ❑ ■ ❏ ❈ ❏ ❘ ❇ ❑ ❛ ❳ ❏ ❍ ❛ ❨ ❏ ❄ P ❑ ■ ❏ P ❄ ▲ ◗ ❏ ❇ ④ ❛ ❍
■ ❇ ❍ ❇ ❈ ❏ ❘ ❇ ❑ ❛ ❳ ❏ ❍ ❛ ❘ ❈ s
➊
➋ ➌ ➋ ➍ ➎ ➏ ➐ ➑ ➒ ➓ ➔ ➏ → ➏ ➒ ➣ ↔ ➍ ➎ ➏ ➑ ➒ ➏ ↕
③
➑ ➒ ➙
➛ ➙ ➒ ➜ ➙ ➝ ➞ ➏
③
➑ ➒ ➟ ➏
q
❏ ❇ ▲ ❏ ❈ ❄ ❃ P ❇ ❅ ❛ ◆ ❛ ❇ ▲ ❃ ❛ ❑ ■ ❑ ■ ❏ ◗ ❄ ❈ ◗ ❏ ❉ ❑ ❍ ❄ P ❃ ❄ ▲ ▼
❇ ❈ ❨ ▼ ❛ ❈ ❏ ❑ ❛ ◗ ❏ ❈ ❏ ▲ ❘ ❖ ❑ ❄ ❉ ▲ ❄ ❳ ❏ ❑ ■ ❏ ❃ ❄ ▲ ▼ ➠ ❏ ❈ ❏ ▲ ❘ ❖
❑ ■ ❏ ❄ ▲ ❏ ❅ P ❄ ▲ ❇ ❳ ❇ ▲ ❛ ❇ ❜ ◆ ❏ P ❄ ▲ ◗ ❏ s
q
❏ ◗ ❄ ❈ P ❛ ❈ ❏
❄ ● ▲ ❍ ❏ ◆ ❳ ❏ ❍ ❑ ❄ ❄ ❈ ❏ ❨ ❛ ❅ ❏ ❈ ❍ ❛ ❄ ❈ s ❩ ■ ❏ ❑ ❛ ❅ ❏ ▲ ❇ ❑ ❏ ❄ P
◗ ■ ❇ ❈ ❘ ❏ ❄ P ▼ ❛ ❈ ❏ ❑ ❛ ◗ ❏ ❈ ❏ ▲ ❘ ❖ ❛ ❍
➡
➢ ➢ ➤
➢ ➢
➥
➦
➧ ➨
➩ ➩
➫ ➭
➯
➲ ➳
➵ ➸
➺
➺
➻
➼
➻
➽
❼
➻ ➾
❼
♥
P ▲ ❄ ❅ ❱❏ ❃ ❑ ❄ ❈
➚
❍ ❙ ❏ ◗ ❄ ❈ ❨
➪
❇ ❃
♣
➶
➶
➹
➘
➴
➷
❩ ■ ● ❍
❨
➬ ➮ ♠
❨
❦
②
❈ ❑ ❏ ❘ ▲ ❇ ❑ ❛ ❈ ❘ P ▲ ❄ ❅ ❑ ■ ❏ ❛ ❈ ❛ ❑ ❛ ❇ ◆ ❉ ❄ ❍ ❛ ❑ ❛ ❄ ❈
♥ ❦
➱
♣
❑ ❄ P ❛ ❈ ❇ ◆
❉ ❄ ❍ ❛ ❑ ❛ ❄ ❈
♥ ❦
➈
♣
❬ ❃ ❏ ■ ❇ ❳ ❏
➺ ➺
✃ ✃
❐ ❐
❒ ❮
❒ ❮
❰
➾
Ï❼
Ð Ð
❃ ■ ❏ ▲ ❏ ❬
➬
➱
❇ ❈ ❨
➬
➈
❇ ▲ ❏ ❑ ■ ❏ ❛ ❈ ❛ ❑ ❛ ❇ ◆ ❇ ❈ ❨ P ❛ ❈ ❇ ◆ ▼ ❛ ❈ ❏ ❑ ❛ ◗
❏ ❈ ❏ ▲ ❘ ❛ ❏ ❍ ◗ ❄ ▲ ▲ ❏ ❍ ❉ ❄ ❈ ❨ ❛ ❈ ❘ ❑ ❄
❦
➱
❇ ❈ ❨
❦
Ñ
s
❄ ▲
➺
✃
❐
❮
Ò Ó
❮
❰ ❰
➾
Ï
Ô
❼
Ð
♥ ✐
s Õ ❇
♣
❤
▲ ❄ ❅ ❷
Ö
s
♥ ✐
s ➄
♣
❬ ❛ ❑ P ❄ ◆ ◆ ❄ ❃ ❍ ❑ ■ ❇ ❑
➬
➈
Ø
➬
➱
➮
⑤
♥ ✐
s Õ ❜
♣
❩ ■ ● ❍ ❬ ❑ ■ ❏
q
❷ ❑ ■ ❏ ❄ ▲ ❏ ❅ ❛ ❍ ❉ ▲ ❄ ❳ ❏ ❨ P ❄ ▲ ❇ ❳ ❇ ▲ ❛ ❇ ❜ ◆ ❏
P ❄ ▲ ◗ ❏ s
q
■ ❛ ◆ ❏ ❑ ■ ❏
q
❷ ❑ ■ ❏ ❄ ▲ ❏ ❅ ❛ ❍ ● ❍ ❏ P ● ◆ ❛ ❈ ❇ ❳ ❇ ▲ ❛ ❏ ❑ ❖ ❄ P
❉ ▲ ❄ ❜ ◆ ❏ ❅ ❍ ❬ ❛ ❑ ❨ ❄ ❏ ❍ ❈ ❄ ❑ ❬ ❛ ❈ ❘ ❏ ❈ ❏ ▲ ❇ ◆ ❬ ❛ ❈ ◗ ❄ ▲ ❉ ❄ ▲ ❇ ❑ ❏ ❑ ■ ❏
◗ ❄ ❅ ❉ ◆ ❏ ❑ ❏ ❨ ❖ ❈ ❇ ❅ ❛ ◗ ❇ ◆ ❛ ❈ P ❄ ▲ ❅ ❇ ❑ ❛ ❄ ❈ ❄ P ❱ ❏ ❃ ❑ ❄ ❈
➚
❍
❙ ❏ ◗ ❄ ❈ ❨
➪
❇ ❃ s
②
❑ ❛ ❍ ❇ ❈ ❛ ❈ ❑ ❏ ❘ ▲ ❇ ◆ P ❄ ▲ ❅ ❄ P ❱❏ ❃ ❑ ❄ ❈
➚
❍
❍ ❏ ◗ ❄ ❈ ❨ ◆ ❇ ❃ s ❱❏ ❃ ❑ ❄ ❈
➚
❍ ❍ ❏ ◗ ❄ ❈ ❨ ◆ ❇ ❃ ❛ ❍ ❇ ▲ ❏ ◆ ❇ ❑ ❛ ❄ ❈
❜ ❏ ❑ ❃ ❏ ❏ ❈ ❇ ◗ ◗ ❏ ◆ ❏ ▲ ❇ ❑ ❛ ❄ ❈ ❇ ❈ ❨ P ❄ ▲ ◗ ❏ ❇ ❑ ❇ ❈ ❖ ❛ ❈ ❍ ❑ ❇ ❈ ❑ ❄ P
❑ ❛ ❅ ❏ s
q
❄ ▲ ▼ ➠ ❏ ❈ ❏ ▲ ❘ ❖ ❑ ■ ❏ ❄ ▲ ❏ ❅ ❛ ❈ ❳ ❄ ◆ ❳ ❏ ❍ ❇ ❈ ❛ ❈ ❑ ❏ ❘ ▲ ❇ ◆
❄ ❳ ❏ ▲ ❇ ❈ ❛ ❈ ❑ ❏ ▲ ❳ ❇ ◆ ❄ P ❑ ❛ ❅ ❏ s
②
❈ ❑ ■ ❛ ❍ ❍ ❏ ❈ ❍ ❏ ❬ ❑ ■ ❏ ❑ ❏ ❅ ❉ ❄ ▲ ❇ ◆
♥
❑ ❛ ❅ ❏
♣
❛ ❈ P ❄ ▲ ❅ ❇ ❑ ❛ ❄ ❈ ◗ ❄ ❈ ❑ ❇ ❛ ❈ ❏ ❨ ❛ ❈ ❑ ■ ❏ ❍ ❑ ❇ ❑ ❏ ❅ ❏ ❈ ❑ ❄ P
❱❏ ❃ ❑ ❄ ❈
➚
❍ ❍ ❏ ◗ ❄ ❈ ❨ ◆ ❇ ❃ ❛ ❍ Ù ❛ ❈ ❑ ❏ ❘ ▲ ❇ ❑ ❏ ❨ ❄ ❳ ❏ ▲
➚
❇ ❈ ❨ ❛ ❍
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
✞
♥ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✠ ✌ ✓ ✔ ✕ ♥ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✟ ✍ ✘ ✎ ✗ ☛ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ☞ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✠
◆ ✎ ✙ ✠ ✟ ♥ ✚ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✒ ✟ ♥ ✛ ✌ ✡ ✙ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✠ ✙ ✟ ✟ ✗ ✠ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✎ ✛ ☞ ✢ ✎ ♥ ✘ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✘
☞ ✘ ☞ ♥ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✟ ✗ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✢ ✙ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✡ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✙ ✟ ✗ ✐ ✣ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓
✠ ✖ ✎ ✟ ✗ ✎ ✢ ☞ ✘ ☞ ♥ ✘ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✗ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✢ ✔ t ♥ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✗ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✢ ✥
☞ ♥ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✢ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✙ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✛ ☞ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✘ ✒ ✟ ♥ ✠ ✡ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✛
☞ ♥ ◆✎ ✙ ✠ ✟ ♥ ✚ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✒ ✟ ♥ ✛ ✌ ✡ ✙ ☞ ✘ ♥ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✘ ✎ ♥ ✠ ✔
❊ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✬
✕ ✍ ✌ ✟ ✒ ✐ ✟ ✜ ✢ ✡ ✘ ✘
♠ ✮ ✯
✐ ✤ ✥
✢ ✟ ☛ ☞ ♥ ✤ ✟ ♥ ✡ ✖ ✟ ✗ ☞
✰
✟ ♥ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✘
✱
✗ ✜ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✙ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✛
✈
✲
✮ ❂
✢ ✘
➊ ✳
✎ ♥ ✠ ✎ ✗ ✘ ✡ ✗ ✟
✱
✤ ✖ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✡ ♥ ✤ ☞ ♥ ✤
✜ ✗ ✟ ✢
① ✮ ✴
✔
✯ ✴
✢ ✠ ✟
① ✮ ❂
✔
✴ ✯
✢ ✔
✵
✖ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✗ ✛ ☞ ♥ ✤
✜ ✟ ✗ ✒ ✎
❋
r
✟ ♥ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✟ ✒ ✐ ☞ ♥ ✠ ✖ ☞ ✘ ✗ ✡ ♥ ✤ ✎ ☞ ✘ ☞ ♥ ☛ ✎ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✓
✑ ✗ ✟ ✑ ✟ ✗ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✟
①
✟ ☛ ✎ ✗ ✠ ✖ ☞ ✘ ✗ ✡ ♥ ✤ ✎ ✥
✷
❦
✸
✹
✺
❾
✜ ✟ ✗
✴
✔
✯ ✻ ① ✻ ❂
✔
✴ ✯
✢
✮ ✴
✜ ✟ ✗
① ✼ ✴
✔
✯
✢ ✡ ♥ ✛
① ✽ ❂
✔
✴ ✯
✢
✙ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✎
✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❃ ❏
✔
❄
✖ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✜ ☞ ♥ ✡ ✌ ✐ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✠ ☞ ✒
✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✡ ♥ ✛ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✛
✈
❢
✟ ✜ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✟ ✒ ✐ ✡ ✘ ☞ ✠
✒ ✗ ✟ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✠ ✖ ☞ ✘ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✒ ✖
♦
❆ ❅ ❇ ❈ ✫ ❉ ●
✗ ✟ ✢
❍ ■
✔
❑ ▲
✔
▼
✡
❖
◗ ❘
❞
❙❚ ❯❱
❲ ❳
❯ ❚ ❱
❨
❩ ❩ ❬
❬
❭
❪ ❫
❴
❵ ❛
❜❝ ❡❣
❡ ❝ ❣
❤
❧ ❥
♣
❙
❳
q s ❨ ❬❪ ❭
✉ ✇
❤
❧ ❥
♣ ② ③
❤
④ ③ ②
❤
♣
❙
❳
q s ❨❪ ❭
⑤
❂
⑥
✴
✔ ⑦ ✌ ♥
❑ ❂ ✴
✔
✯ ❖
⑤
❂
⑥
✯
✔ ⑦ ⑤
✴
✔ ⑦
❏
⑧
⑨ ⑩ ❶❷❸
❹
❺❺ ❻❼❽
❿❿
➀
✎ ✗ ✎ ✥ ♥ ✟ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✠ ✌ ♥ ☞ ✘ ✡ ✘ ✓ ✢ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✠ ✖ ✎ ♥ ✡ ✠
✱
✗ ✡ ✌
✌ ✟ ✤ ✡ ✗ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✢ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✡ ✘ ✎
➁
✡ ♥ ✛ ♥ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✌ ✟ ✤ ✡ ✗ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✢ ✠ ✟
✠ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✡ ✘ ✎
✯ ✴ ➂
✌ ♥
➃ ✮
✌ ✟ ✤
➄
➃ ✮ ❂
✔
➅ ✴ ➅
✌ ✟ ✤
✳ ➆
➃ ➇
✔
➈
➉ ➋ ➌ ➍ ➎ ➏ ➐ ➑ ➒➐ ➏ ➓ ➍ ➑ ➔ ➓ ➑ ➍ ➏ ➒➍ → ➣ ↔ ➏ ➒➏ ↕ ➙ ➛
✵
✖ ✎ ✙ ✟ ✗ ✛ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✎ ♥ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✘
✱
✤ ✤ ✎ ✘ ✠ ✘ ✑ ✟ ✘ ✘ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✠ ✓ ✟ ✗
✒ ✡ ✑ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✠ ✓ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✡ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✔
✵
✖ ✎ ✠ ✎ ✗ ✢ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✎ ♥ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓
✍ ✗ ☞ ♥ ✤ ✘ ✠ ✟ ✟ ♥ ✎ ✚ ✘ ✢ ☞ ♥ ✛
➜
✘ ✠ ✟ ✗ ✎ ✛ ✚ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✠ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✒ ✖ ✎ ✛
✍ ✟ ✙ ✣ ✘ ✠ ✗ ☞ ♥ ✤ ✑ ✟ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✎ ♥ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✔
❄
✖ ✎ ♥ ☞ ✠
☞ ✘ ✗ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✘ ✎ ✛ ✥ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✡ ✗ ✗ ✟ ✙ ✜ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✘ ✟ ✜ ✜ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✤ ✗ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✛ ✔
✵
✖ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✗ ✠ ✖ ✚ ✘ ✒ ✗
✱
✘ ✠ ☞ ✘ ♥ ✟ ✠
✱
♥ ☞ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✢ ✥ ✍
✱
✠ ✖ ✡ ✘
✛ ☞ ✘ ✒ ✟ ♥ ✠ ☞ ♥
✱
☞ ✠ ☞ ✎ ✘ ✡ ♥ ✛ ✛ ☞ ✘ ✌ ✟ ✒ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✌ ✎ ✛
✜ ✡
✱
✌ ✠ ✌ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✘ ✔
✵
✖ ✎ ✘ ✎ ✜ ✡
✱
✌ ✠ ✌ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✘ ☞ ♥ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✗ ✠ ✖ ✚ ✘ ✒ ✗
✱
✘ ✠
✡ ✗ ✎ ✌ ☞ ✐ ✎
➜
✒ ✟ ✢ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✛ ✘ ✑ ✗ ☞ ♥ ✤ ✘ ✚ ✔
✵
✖ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✟ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✘ ✡
✌ ✡ ✗ ✤ ✎ ✡ ✢ ✟
✱
♥ ✠ ✟ ✜ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✎ ♥ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✔ ✕ ♥ ✎ ✡ ✗ ✠ ✖
■ ✱
✡ ✐ ✎
✗ ✎ ✘
✱
✌ ✠ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✎ ♥ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✎ ✜ ✡
✱
✌ ✠ ✌ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✎ ✡ ✛ ➝
✱
✘ ✠ ✔
✵
✖
✱
✘ ✥
✑ ✟ ✠ ✎ ♥ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ☞ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✎
➜
✘ ✠ ✟ ✗ ✎ ✛ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✚ ✍ ✓ ☛ ☞ ✗ ✠
✱
✎
✟ ✜ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✟ ✘ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✟ ✗ ✒ ✟ ♥ ✜ ☞ ✤
✱
✗ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✟ ✜ ✡ ✍ ✟ ✛ ✓ ✔
✵
✖ ✎
✍ ✟ ✛ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✜ ✠ ✠ ✟ ☞ ✠ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✜ ✗ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✠ ✖ ☞ ✘ ✘ ✠ ✟ ✗ ✎ ✛ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ☞ ♥
✠ ✖ ✎ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✢ ✟ ✜ ✐ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✠ ☞ ✒ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✔ ➞ ✎ ✠
✱
✘ ✢ ✡ ✐ ✎ ✟
✱
✗ ♥ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥
✟ ✜ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✎ ♥ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✢ ✟ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✟ ♥ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✎ ✔
✵
✖ ✎ ✤ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✡ ✌ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✟ ♥ ✡ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✌ ✟ ✜ ✢ ✡ ✘ ✘
♠
☞ ✘
♠
➟ ✔ ➟ ✢ ✡ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✗ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✛ ✡ ✘ ✡ ✒ ✟ ♥ ✘ ✠ ✡ ♥ ✠ ♥ ✎ ✡ ✗ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✗ ✠ ✖
✘
✱
✗ ✜ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✔ ➠ ✓
➜
♥ ✎ ✡ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✎ ☞ ✢ ✑ ✌ ✓ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✠ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✖ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✖ ✠ ➡ ✟ ✜
✠ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✗ ✠ ✖ ✚ ✘ ✘
✱
✗ ✜ ✡ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✘ ☛ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✢ ✡ ✌ ✌
✒ ✟ ✢ ✑ ✡ ✗ ✎ ✛ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✗ ✠ ✖ ✚ ✘ ✗ ✡ ✛ ☞
✱
✘ ➢
➤
❑
➡
✼ ✼
➢
➤
❖
✘ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✠
✙ ✎ ✒ ✡ ♥ ☞ ✤ ♥ ✟ ✗ ✎ ✠ ✖ ✎ ☛ ✡ ✗ ☞ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✟ ✜ ➟ ♥ ✎ ✡ ✗ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✗ ✠ ✖ ✚ ✘
✘
✱
✗ ✜ ✡ ✒ ✎
➥
✔ t ♥ ✙ ✖ ✡ ✠ ✜ ✟ ✌ ✌ ✟ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✎ ✖ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✐ ✎ ♥ ✠ ✖ ✎
✱
✑ ✙ ✡ ✗ ✛ ✛ ☞ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✠ ✟ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✟ ✘ ☞ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✔ ➞ ✎ ✠
✱
✘ ✗ ✡ ☞ ✘ ✎ ✠ ✖ ✎
✍ ✡ ✌ ✌
✱
✑ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✖ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✖ ✠ ➡ ✔
✵
✖ ✎ ✙ ✟ ✗ ✐ ✛ ✟ ♥ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✗ ♥ ✡ ✌
✡ ✤ ✎ ♥ ✒ ✓ ✡ ✤ ✡ ☞ ♥ ✘ ✠ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✤ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✡ ✌ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✘
♠
➟ ➡ ✔
✵
✖ ☞ ✘
✙ ✟ ✗ ✐ ✤ ✎ ✠ ✘ ✘ ✠ ✟ ✗ ✎ ✛ ✡ ✘ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✎ ♥ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✔
➦ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✎ ♥ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✟ ✜ ✡ ♥ ✟ ✍ ➝ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✥ ✡ ✘ ✡
✜
✱
♥ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✟ ✜ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✖ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✖ ✠ ➡ ✥ ☞ ✘ ✛ ✎ ♥ ✟ ✠ ✎ ✛ ✍ ✓ ➧
❑
➡
❖
✡ ♥ ✛ ☞ ✠
☞ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✤ ✡ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✜ ✙ ✟ ✗ ✐ ✛ ✟ ♥ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✤ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✡ ✌
✜ ✟ ✗ ✒ ✎ ☞ ♥ ✗ ✡ ☞ ✘ ☞ ♥ ✤ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✟ ✍ ➝ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✠ ✖ ✎ ☞
g
✖ ✠ ✔
➧
❑
➡
❖
⑤
♠
➟ ➡
t ✜ ➡ ☞ ✘ ✠ ✡ ✐ ✎ ♥ ✡ ✘ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✗ ☞ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✥ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✘ ✎ ✡ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✎ ♥ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✠
✠ ✖ ✎ ✤ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✡ ✌ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✒ ✎
❋
✎
■ ✱
✡ ✌ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✤ ✡ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✜
✠ ✖ ✎ ✛ ✎ ✗ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✜ ➧
❑
➡
❖
✙ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✠ ✟ ➡ ✔
✵
✖
✱
✘ ✥
❞
❞
➨ ➩ ➫➭ ➯ q ➲
➭
❪ ❭ ❪ ❭
✵
✖ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✤ ✡ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✘ ☞ ✤ ♥ ☞ ♥ ✛ ☞ ✒ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✠ ✠ ✖ ✎
✤ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✡ ✌ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✘ ✛ ✟ ✙ ♥ ✙ ✡ ✗ ✛ ✔
❄
✖ ✎ ♥ ✗ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✘ ✎ ✛ ✥
✠ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✌ ✒ ✟ ✢ ✎ ✘ ✛ ✟ ✙ ♥ ✙ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✡ ♥ ☞ ♥ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✡ ✘ ☞ ♥ ✤ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✛ ✔
❏ ✱
✘ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✖ ☞ ✠ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✤ ✗ ✟
✱
♥ ✛ ✥ ☞ ✠ ✘ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✛ ☞ ✘ ✤ ☞ ☛ ✎ ♥
✍ ✓ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✐ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✢ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✌ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✥
✈
➳
⑤
❂
➟ ➡
✵
✖ ☞ ✘ ✎
■ ✱
✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✒ ✡ ♥ ✍ ✎ ✙ ✗ ☞ ✠ ✠ ✎ ♥ ✡ ✘
2
1
♠ ✈
➵
✮ ♠
➟ ➡
✙ ✖ ☞ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✖ ✟ ✙ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✠ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✤ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✎ ♥ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✌
✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✟ ✜ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✟ ✍ ➝ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✖ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✖ ✠ ➡ ✥ ✙ ✖ ✎ ♥ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✟ ✍ ➝ ✎ ✒ ✠
☞ ✘ ✗ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✘ ✎ ✛ ✥ ✢ ✡ ♥ ☞ ✜ ✎ ✘ ✠ ✘ ☞ ✠ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✜ ✡ ✘ ✐ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✠ ☞ ✒ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✟ ✜
✠ ✖ ✎ ✟ ✍ ➝ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✟ ♥ ✗ ✎ ✡ ✒ ✖ ☞ ♥ ✤ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✤ ✗ ✟
✱
♥ ✛ ✔
➸ ✖ ✓ ✘ ☞ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✌ ✓ ✥ ✠ ✖ ✎ ♥ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✟ ♥ ✟ ✜ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✎ ♥ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ☞ ✘
✡ ✑ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✟ ♥ ✌ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✡ ✘ ✘ ✟ ✜ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✙ ✟ ✗ ✐
✛ ✟ ♥ ✎ ✡ ✤ ✡ ☞ ♥ ✘ ✠ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✜ ✟ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✤ ✎ ✠ ✘
➜
✘ ✠ ✟ ✗ ✎ ✛
✱
✑ ✚ ✡ ✘ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✔
❄
✖ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✗ ♥ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✟ ♥ ✘ ✠ ✗ ✡ ☞ ♥ ✠ ✘ ✡ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✢ ✟ ☛ ✎ ✛ ✥ ☞ ✠
✢ ✡ ♥ ☞ ✜ ✎ ✘ ✠ ✘ ☞ ✠ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✜ ✡ ✘ ✐ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✠ ☞ ✒ ✎ ♥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✔
➺
✡ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✢ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✒ ✡ ✌ ✌ ✓ ✥
❑
✜ ✟ ✗ ✘ ☞ ✢ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✠ ✓ ✥ ☞ ♥ ✟ ♥ ✎ ✛ ☞ ✢ ✎ ♥ ✘ ☞ ✟ ♥
❖
✠ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✎ ♥ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✌
➥ ➻ ➼ ➽ ➾➚ ➪ ➶ ➚ ➹➶ ➘➴ ➘➷ ➬ ➮➶ ➹➼ ➼ ➽➶ ➬ ➼ ➹ ➶ ➱ ✃ ➶ ➱❐ ❒ ➱➱➽ ✃ ➶ ➴ ❮ ➼ ➚ ❰ ➹➽➪ Ï ➘➴ Ð ➪ ➚ ➾ ➶ ➹➚ ➹➶ ➘➴ Ñ
❲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ☎ ✁ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✆ ✠ ✡   ❲ ☎ ✁ ✶ ☛ ✶
❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ❱ ✭ ① ✮ ✏ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✓ ✏ ☞ ❡ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡ ❋ ✭ ① ✮ ✗ ✘ ☞ ✙ ❡
✇ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✔ ❡ ☞ ✘ ✑
✚
✛
❞
❞
✜
✢ ✣
✣
❂ ✤
❚ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✥ ✦ ✧ ✏ ❡ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✔
★ ★
❢ ❢
✐ ✐
✩ ✪
✫ ✬
✩ ✪
✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✱ ✳ ✳ ✳✴ ✵ ✴ ✵
✷ ✷
❚ ✕ ❡ ✇ ✖ ✌
✸
✒ ✖ ☞ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ❡ ✌
✹
✘ ✔ ✏
✹
❡ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡ ✑
✺
✗ ✕ ✘ ✑
✍ ✌ ✘
✹
✏ ✔ ✎ ✒ ❡ ✦ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✑ ✖ ☞ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✏ ☞ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✧ ✘ ☞ ✒ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✘ ✧ ✦ ✖ ✑ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✑
✖ ☞ ✧ ✎
♦ ✻
☞ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✦ ✌ ❡
✹
✏ ✖
✺
✑ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✦ ✔ ❡ ✌ ✇ ❡ ✕ ✘
✹
❡ ✇ ✖ ✌
✸
❡ ✒
✖ ☞ ❡
✼
✘ ✥ ✦ ✧ ❡ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✘ ✧ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✇ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✗ ✧ ✏ ☞ ❡ ✒ ✦ ✧ ✘ ☞ ❡ ✑
♦ ✻
✓ ✘ ☞
✖ ✙
✽
❡ ✗ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✥ ✘ ✑ ✑
♠
✏ ✑ ✌ ❡ ✧ ❡ ✘ ✑ ❡ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✖ ✥ ✌ ❡ ✑ ✔
✾
✓ ✌ ✖ ✥ ✔ ✕ ❡
✔ ✖ ✦ ✖ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✥ ✖ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✭ ✓ ✌ ✏ ✗ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✧ ❡ ✑ ✑ ✮ ✏ ☞ ✗ ✧ ✏ ☞ ❡ ✒ ✦ ✧ ✘ ☞ ❡ ✖ ✓
✕ ❡ ✏ ✍ ✕ ✔
❤ ✿
✏ ✔ ✑ ✑ ✦ ❡ ❡ ✒ ✘ ✔ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✙ ✖ ✔ ✔ ✖ ✥
✏ ✑
❣❀ ❁
✏ ✌ ✌ ❡ ✑ ✦ ❡ ✗ ✔ ✏
✹
❡ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✘ ☞ ✍ ✧ ❡ ✖ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✗ ✧ ✏ ☞ ✘ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞
♦
❚ ✕
✺
✑
✾
✘ ✔ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✙ ✖ ✔ ✔ ✖ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✏ ☞ ✗ ✧ ✏ ☞ ❡ ✒ ✦ ✧ ✘ ☞ ❡ ✏ ✔
✘ ✗ ❛
✺
✏ ✌ ❡ ✑ ✘
✸
✏ ☞ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✗ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎
✾ ♠
❃
❤ ♦ ✻
✓ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✇ ✖ ✌
✸
✒ ✖ ☞ ❡
✖ ✌ ✔ ✕ ❡
✸
✏ ☞ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✗ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✒ ❡ ✦ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✖ ☞ ✖ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✌ ✓ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✖ ✌ ✑
✑
✺
✗ ✕ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✕ ❡
✹
❡ ✧ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✌ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✏ ✗
✺
✧ ✘ ✌ ✦ ✘ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✘
✸
❡ ☞
✙ ✎ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✖ ✙
✽
❡ ✗ ✔
✾
✔ ✕ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡ ✇ ✖
✺
✧ ✒ ✙ ❡ ✗ ✘ ✧ ✧ ❡ ✒ ☞ ✖ ☞ ❜
✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ❡ ✌
✹
✘ ✔ ✏
✹
❡
♦
❚ ✕ ❡ ✒ ✏ ✥ ❡ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✦ ✖ ✔ ❡ ☞ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✧ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✘ ✌ ❡
❬ ❄ ❅
❆
❚
❇ ❆
❪
✘ ☞ ✒ ✔ ✕ ❡
✺
☞ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✑
✽
✖
✺
✧ ❡ ✭
❈
✮
✾
✔ ✕ ❡ ✑ ✘ ✥ ❡ ✘ ✑
✸
✏ ☞ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✗ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✖ ✌ ✇ ✖ ✌
✸ ♦
❚ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✏ ✔ ❡ ✌ ✘ ✔ ❡
✾
✔ ✕ ❡ ✗ ✕ ✘ ☞ ✍ ❡
✏ ☞ ✦ ✖ ✔ ❡ ☞ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✧ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎
✾
✓ ✖ ✌ ✘ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ❡ ✌
✹
✘ ✔ ✏
✹
❡ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡
✾
❉
❱ ✏ ✑ ❡ ❛
✺
✘ ✧ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✕ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✍ ✘ ✔ ✏
✹
❡ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✇ ✖ ✌
✸
✒ ✖ ☞ ❡ ✙ ✎
✔ ✕ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡
❉
❱
❊ ❾
❋ ✭ ① ✮
❉
① ✭
● ♦ ❍
✮
✻
☞ ✔ ✕ ❡ ❡
✼
✘ ✥ ✦ ✧ ❡ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✓ ✘ ✧ ✧ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✙ ✘ ✧ ✧ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✒ ❡ ✌ ❡ ✒ ✏ ☞
✔ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✑ ❡ ✗ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✇ ❡ ✑ ✘ ✇ ✕ ✖ ✇ ✦ ✖ ✔ ❡ ☞ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✧ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✇ ✘ ✑
✗ ✖ ☞
✹
❡ ✌ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✖
✸
✏ ☞ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✗ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎
♦
❚ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✔ ✑ ✘ ✔ ✘ ☞
✏ ✥ ✦ ✖ ✌ ✔ ✘ ☞ ✔ ✦ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✗ ✏ ✦ ✧ ❡ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ❡ ✌
✹
✘ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✥ ❡ ✗ ✕ ✘ ☞ ✏ ✗ ✑
✾
✇ ✕ ✏ ✗ ✕ ✇ ❡ ☞ ✖ ✇ ✦ ✌ ✖ ✗ ❡ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✖ ❡
✼
✘ ✥ ✏ ☞ ❡
♦
■ ❏ ❑ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖P ◗❘ ◆ ❙ ❯ ❳ ▲ ❨ P ◗ P ❩ ❭ ◆ ❖ ▼ ❳ ◗ ❨ ❖ ❳ ❫
◆ ◗ ◆ ❙ ❴ ❵
❝
✖ ✌ ✑ ✏ ✥ ✦ ✧ ✏ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✎ ✇ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✥ ✖ ☞ ✑ ✔ ✌ ✘ ✔ ❡ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✥ ✦ ✖ ✌ ✔ ✘ ☞ ✔
✦ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✗ ✏ ✦ ✧ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✖ ☞ ❡ ❜ ✒ ✏ ✥ ❡ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✘ ✧ ✥ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞
♦ ♣ ✺
✦ ✦ ✖ ✑ ❡
✔ ✕ ✘ ✔ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✒ ✎
✺
☞ ✒ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✖ ❡ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✦ ✧ ✘ ✗ ❡ ✥ ❡ ☞ ✔
❉
①
✺
☞ ✒ ❡ ✌
✔ ✕ ❡ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✖ ✓ ✘ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ❡ ✌
✹
✘ ✔ ✏
✹
❡ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡ ❋
♦
❚ ✕ ❡ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✖ ✥
✔ ✕ ❡
t ❥
✔ ✕ ❡ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✥ ✇ ❡ ✕ ✘
✹
❡
✾
❉❦ ❊
❋ ✭ ① ✮
❉
①
✻
✓ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ❡ ✌
✹
✘ ✔ ✏
✹
❡
✾
✔ ✕ ❡ ✦ ✖ ✔ ❡ ☞ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✧ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎
✓
✺
☞ ✗ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞ ❱ ✭ ① ✮ ✗ ✘ ☞ ✙ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✓ ✏ ☞ ❡ ✒ ✑
✺
✗ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✔
❧ ❉
❱
❊
❋ ✭ ① ✮
❉
①
❚ ✕ ❡ ✘ ✙ ✖
✹
❡ ❡ ❛
✺
✘ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✥ ✦ ✧ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✔
❉❦ ♥ ❉
❱
❊ q
❉
✭
❦ ♥
❱ ✮
❊ q
✭
● ♦ r q
✮
✇ ✕ ✏ ✗ ✕ ✥ ❡ ✘ ☞ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✔
❦ ♥
❱
✿
✔ ✕ ❡ ✑
✺
✥ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❡
✸
✏ ☞ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✗
✘ ☞ ✒ ✦ ✖ ✔ ❡ ☞ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✧ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✙ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✘ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ✔ ✘ ☞ ✔
♦
s ✹
❡ ✌ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✇ ✕ ✖ ✧ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✔ ✕
✾
①
✉
✔ ✖ ①
✈
✿
✔ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✥ ❡ ✘ ☞ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✔
❦
✉
② ❱ ✭ ①
✉
✮ ③
❦
✈
② ❱ ✭ ①
✈
✮ ✭
● ♦ r r
✮
❚ ✕ ❡ ❛
✺
✘ ☞ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✎
❦
② ❱ ✭ ① ✮
✾
✏ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✧ ✧ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✘ ✧
✥ ❡ ✗ ✕ ✘ ☞ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✧ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✔ ❡ ✥
♦ ✻
☞ ✒ ✏
✹
✏ ✒
✺
✘ ✧ ✧ ✎
✔ ✕ ❡
✸
✏ ☞ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✗ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎
❦
✘ ☞ ✒ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✦ ✖ ✔ ❡ ☞ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✧ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎
❱ ✭ ① ✮ ✥ ✘ ✎
✹
✘ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✖ ✥ ✦ ✖ ✏ ☞ ✔ ✔ ✖ ✦ ✖ ✏ ☞ ✔
✾
✙
✺
✔ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✑
✺
✥
✏ ✑ ✘ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ✔ ✘ ☞ ✔
♦
❚ ✕ ❡ ✘ ✦ ✔ ☞ ❡ ✑ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✔ ❡ ✌ ✥
➅ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ❡ ✌
✹
✘ ✔ ✏
✹
❡ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡ ④ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✖ ✇ ✗ ✧ ❡ ✘ ✌
♦
❅
❡ ✔
✺
✑ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✒ ❡ ✌ ✑ ✖ ✥ ❡ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✘
✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ❡ ✌
✹
✘ ✔ ✏
✹
❡ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡
♦
⑤ ⑥ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡ ❋ ✭ ① ✮ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ❡ ✌
✹
✘ ✔ ✏
✹
❡ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✗ ✘ ☞ ✙ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✌ ✏
✹
❡ ✒
✓ ✌ ✖ ✥ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✧ ✘ ✌ ❛
✺
✘ ☞ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✎ ❱ ✭ ① ✮ ✙ ✎ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✌ ❡ ✧ ✘ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞
✍ ✏
✹
❡ ☞ ✙ ✎
❥
❛
♦
✭
● ♦ ❍
✮
♦
❚ ✕ ❡ ✔ ✕ ✌ ❡ ❡ ❜ ✒ ✏ ✥ ❡ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✘ ✧
✍ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✘ ✧ ✏ ✑ ✘ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✌ ❡ ❛
✺
✏ ✌ ❡ ✑ ✔ ✕ ❡
✺
✑ ❡ ✖ ✓ ✘
✹
❡ ✗ ✔ ✖ ✌
✒ ❡ ✌ ✏
✹
✘ ✔ ✏
✹
❡
✾
✇ ✕ ✏ ✗ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✖
✺
✔ ✑ ✏ ✒ ❡ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✦ ❡ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✑
✙ ✖ ✖
✸ ♦
⑤ ❚ ✕ ❡ ✇ ✖ ✌
✸
✒ ✖ ☞ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ❡ ✌
✹
✘ ✔ ✏
✹
❡ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡
✒ ❡ ✦ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✑ ✖ ☞ ✧ ✎ ✖ ☞ ✔ ✕ ❡ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✦ ✖ ✏ ☞ ✔ ✑
♦
❚ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✘ ☞ ✙ ❡
✑ ❡ ❡ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✖ ✥ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✌ ❡ ✧ ✘ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞
✾
⑦ ❊ ❦
✈
⑧ ❦
✉
❊
❱ ✭ ①
✉
✮
⑨
❱ ✭ ①
✈
✮
✇ ✕ ✏ ✗ ✕ ✒ ❡ ✦ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✑ ✖ ☞ ✔ ✕ ❡ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✦ ✖ ✏ ☞ ✔ ✑
♦
⑤ ⑥ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✒ ❡ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✑ ✔ ✘ ✔ ❡ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✔ ✔ ✕ ❡ ✇ ✖ ✌
✸
✒ ✖ ☞ ❡
✙ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡ ✏ ☞ ✘ ✗ ✧ ✖ ✑ ❡ ✒ ✦ ✘ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✑
⑩
❡ ✌ ✖
♦
❚ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✑
✖ ☞ ✗ ❡ ✘ ✍ ✘ ✏ ☞ ✘ ✦ ✦ ✘ ✌ ❡ ☞ ✔ ✓ ✌ ✖ ✥
❥
❛
♦
✭
● ♦ r r
✮ ✑ ✏ ☞ ✗ ❡
①
✉
❶
①
✈ ❷
❚ ✕
✺
✑
✾
✔ ✕ ❡ ✦ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✗ ✏ ✦ ✧ ❡ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ❡ ✌
✹
✘ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✘ ✧
✥ ❡ ✗ ✕ ✘ ☞ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✧ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✘ ☞ ✙ ❡ ✑ ✔ ✘ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✘ ✑
▲
❸ ❹ ❺❻ ❺❼ ❽ ❿ ❹ ➀ ❸ ❼ ➁ ➂ ➀ ❼ ❽ ❹ ➁ ❹ ➃➄ ➆ ❻ ➇ ❼ ➈ ➆ ➈ ❺❹ ❿ ➂ ➈
➀ ❻ ➁ ➈ ❹ ➃ ➉ ❹ ➊ ➂ ➇ ❺ ❸ ❹ ➇ ❻ ➃➀ ❹ ➈ ➋ ➊ ❻ ➂ ➁ ➄ ➌ ❻ ➃➍ ❻ ➁ ➂ ❺ ➋ ❼ ➃❹
➀ ❻ ➁ ➈ ❹ ➃ ➉ ❼ ❺➂ ➉ ❹
♦
❚ ✕ ❡ ✘ ✙ ✖
✹
❡ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✗
✺
✑ ✑ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✘ ☞ ✙ ❡ ✥ ✘ ✒ ❡ ✥ ✖ ✌ ❡
✗ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✌ ❡ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✒ ❡ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✔ ✕ ❡ ❡
✼
✘ ✥ ✦ ✧ ❡ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❡
✍ ✌ ✘
✹
✏ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✘ ✧ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡ ✖ ☞ ✗ ❡ ✘ ✍ ✘ ✏ ☞ ✘ ☞ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❡
✑ ✦ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✗ ❡ ✏ ☞ ✔ ✕ ❡ ☞ ❡
✼
✔ ✑ ❡ ✗ ✔ ✏ ✖ ☞
♦ ❝
✏ ✍
♦ ● ♦ ➎
✒ ❡ ✦ ✏ ✗ ✔ ✑
✘ ✙ ✘ ✧ ✧ ✖ ✓ ✥ ✘ ✑ ✑
♠
✙ ❡ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✖ ✦ ✦ ❡ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✖ ✥ ✘ ✗ ✧ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✖ ✓
✕ ❡ ✏ ✍ ✕ ✔
➏ ♦
➐ ➑ ➒ ➓ ➔ ➓ → ➣ ↔ ↕ ➙ ➛➜ ➝ ↕ ➞ ➟➠ ➛➜ ➛ ➡ ➢ ➛➤↕➜ ➤ ➠ ➥ ➦ ↕➜ ↕➞ ➧ ➨ ➤➛ ➩ ➠ ➜ ↕➤➠ ➙
↕➜ ↕➞ ➧ ➨ ➡ ➛➞ ➥ ➫ ➥ ➦ ➦ ➛ ➡ ➭ ➥ ➟➟ ➭ ➯ ➞ ➛➢ ➢ ↕➯ ➡ ➞ ➛➭ ➥
↔ ↕➠ ➧ ↔ ➤
➲ ➳
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✆
✝
❚ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✟ ✓ ❊
✵
✱ ❊
❤
✱ ☛ ✎ ✔ ❊
❍
✡ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✕ ☛ ☞ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✔ ✞ ✟ ✏ ✒ ✞ ✠ ✓ ✖ ✟ ✑ ✡ ✗ ✒ ✑ ✡ ✘ ✎ ✔
☞ ✟ ❧ ✟ ☞ ✙ ✱ ✚ ☛ ✎ ✔ ✛ ✱ ☛ ✑ ✟
❊
❍
✥ ♠ ✜ ✛ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✤ ☛ ✙
✦
✷
✧
★ ★
✩ ✪ ❣ ✫ ✪ ✈❂ ✬
✗ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✤ ✕ ✙
❊
✭
✥ ✗ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✙ ♠ ✲
✳
✗ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✤ ✍ ✙
❚ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✠ ♦ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✏ ✓ ☛ ✓ ✴ ✟ ✍ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✓ ✟ ✡ ♦ ☛ ✓ ✴ ☛ ✠ ✏ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✸
✔ ✟ ✴ ✟ ✎ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✠ ♦ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✟
❋
✗
①
✙ ✣
✹
✟ ✎ ✍ ✟ ✱ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✍ ☛ ☞
✟ ✎ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✸ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✟ ✑ ❧ ✟ ✔ ✣ ❚ ✞ ✘ ✓
❊
❍
✥ ❊
✭
✡ ✑ ✱
✦
✷
✧
❢
✪ ❣
✺
✪ ✈❂
✷
❢
✈ ❣
✺
❂
☛ ✑ ✟ ✓ ✘ ☞ ✠ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✠
❛
☛ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✟ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✡ ✎
✻
✣
✼
♦ ✡ ✑ ☛
♦ ✑ ✟ ✟ ☞ ✸ ♦ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✕ ✡ ✔ ✸ ✣
✽
✘ ✑ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✑ ✱
❊
❍
✥ ❊
❤
❛
✞ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✏ ✌ ✴ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✓ ✱
✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❃ ❄
❅
❆
❇ ❈ ❉
✗ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✤ ✔ ✙
☛ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✓ ☛ ♦ ☛ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✟ ✓ ✘ ☞ ✠ ♦ ✑ ✡ ✌ ● ✏ ✎ ✟ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✣
■ ✠ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✏ ✒ ✞ ✠ ✛ ✱ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✸ ✏ ✓ ✴ ✘ ✑ ✟ ☞ ✸ ✴ ✡ ✠ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✣
❏ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✴ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✏ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✸ ✍ ✡ ✎ ❧ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✟ ✔ ✠ ✡ ● ✏ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✏ ✒ ✞ ✠ ✚ ☛ ✎ ✔
✏ ✓ ♦ ✘ ☞ ☞ ✸ ● ✏ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✑ ✡ ✘ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✟ ❧ ✟ ☞ ✣ ❚ ✞ ✏ ✓ ✏ ☞ ☞ ✘ ✓ ✠ ✑ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✓
✠ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✟ ✑ ❧ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✡ ♦ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✸ ✣
❑ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖ ◗ ❘ ❙ ❯ ❱
■ ✕ ✡ ✕ ✡ ♦ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✓ ♠ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✘ ✓ ✴ ✟ ✎ ✔ ✟ ✔
✕ ✸ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✒ ✞ ✠ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✡ ♦ ☞ ✟ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✞
❲
✣ ❏ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✴ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✟ ✔ ☛
✞ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✖ ✡ ✎ ✠ ☛ ☞ ❧ ✟ ☞ ✡ ✍ ✏ ✠ ✸ ✲
❳
☛ ✠ ✠ ✞ ✟ ☞ ✡
❛
✟ ✓ ✠ ✴ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✠ ■
✓ ✘ ✍ ✞ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✴ ☞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✓ ☛ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✏
s
✍ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✘ ☞ ☛ ✑
✠ ✑ ☛
t
✟ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✸ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✟ ❧ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✏ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✴ ☞ ☛ ✎ ✟
❛
✏ ✠ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✒
✕ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✍ ● ✡ ✎ ☞ ✸ ✡ ✎ ✑ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✞ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✴ ✌ ✡ ✓ ✠
✴ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✱
♣
✣ ❚ ✞ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✞ ✡
❛
✎ ✏ ✎
✽
✏ ✒ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✢ ✣
❨
✕ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✎
✟ ❡ ✴ ✑ ✟ ✓ ✓ ✏ ✡ ✎ ♦ ✡ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✙ ✲
❳
❩ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✙ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✴ ✟ ✟ ✔ ✓ ☛ ✠ ✴ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✓
❬ ☛ ✎ ✔
♣
❩ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✏ ✙ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✑ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✡ ✡ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✟ ● ✏ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✟ ✓
✗ ❭
❪
✯ ❭
❫
✙ ☛ ✠ ❬ ☛ ✎ ✔
♣
✣
♣
✡ ✌ ✌ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✎ ☛ ✠ ✘ ✑ ✟
✡ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✑ ☛
t
✟ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✸ ✡ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✕ ☛ ♦ ✠ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✠ ✑ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✞ ✟ ✓
✠ ✞ ✟ ✴ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✠
♣
✣
❴ ❵ ❜ ❝ ❞ ❝ ❞
✐ ❥ ❦ ♥
❘
q ✗ ✏ ✙ ❚ ✞ ✟ ✑ ✟ ☛ ✑ ✟ ✠
❛
✡ ✟ ❡ ✠ ✟ ✑ ✎ ☛ ☞ ♦ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✓ ✡ ✎
✠ ✞ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✕ r ✒ ✑ ☛ ❧ ✏ ✠ ✸ ☛ ✎ ✔ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✎ ✓ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✗ ✉ ✙ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✟
✓ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✣ ❚ ✞ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✑ ✔ ✡ ✟ ✓ ✎ ✡
❛
✡ ✑ ● ✓ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✟
✔ ✏ ✓ ✴ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✡ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✕ ✏ ✓ ☛ ☞
❛
☛ ✸ ✓ ✎ ✡ ✑ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✟
✓ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✣ ❚ ✞ ✟ ✴ ✡ ✠ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✸ ✡ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✕ ✏ ✓ ✠ ✞ ✘ ✓
☛ ✓ ✓ ✡ ✍ ✏ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✔
❛
✏ ✠ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✒ ✑ ☛ ❧ ✏ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✡ ✎ ☛ ☞ ♦ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✎ ☞ ✸ ✣ ❚ ✞ ✟
✠ ✡ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✸ ❊ ✡ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✸ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✌ ✏ ✓
✍ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✟ ✑ ❧ ✟ ✔ ✣ ✇ ✟ ✠ ☛ ● ✟ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✴ ✡ ✠ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✸ ✡ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✟
✓ ✸ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✕ ✟ ✖ ✟ ✑ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✠ ✞ ✟ ☞ ✡
❛
✟ ✓ ✠ ✴ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✠
②
✣ ❚ ✞ ✘ ✓ ✱
☛ ✠
②
r
✩ ✪ ✈
③
④
❂
✦
✷
✗ ✢ ✣ ✤ ⑤ ✙
⑥
⑦ ⑧
⑦ ⑨⑩
❶
❷
❸
❹❾
❺ ❻✟
❛
✠ ✡ ✎ ❼ ✓ ❽ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✔ ❿ ☛
❛
➀
❛
✞ ✟ ✑ ✟ ✉
➁
✏ ✓ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✎ ✓ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✠ ■ ✣ ■ ✠ ✠ ✞ ✟
✞ ✏ ✒ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✠ ✴ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✠
♣
✱ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✍ ● ✟ ✎ ✓ ✱ ☛ ✓ ✠ ✞ ✟
✠ ✟ ✎ ✓ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✗ ✉
❫
✙ ✕ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✟ ✓ ✖ ✟ ✑ ✡ ✣
❚ ✞ ✘ ✓ ✱ ☛ ✠
♣
➂ ➃➄ ➅➃➆➇
➈
➉➊
2
➋
➌
✗ ✢ ✣ ✤
✻
✙
⑥
⑦ ⑧
⑦ ⑨
❶
➍
❹
❺ ❻✟
❛
✠ ✡ ✎ ❼ ✓ ❽ ✟ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✔ ❿ ☛
❛
➀ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✤ ➎ ✙
➏➐ ➑ ➒ ➑ ➓
➔
→ ➣ ↔ ➐ ➑ ➣ ↕ ➑ ➑ ➙ ➛ ↔ ➜ ➝ ➞ ➒ ➟ ➠ ➡ ➢ ➣ ➝ ➤ ➥ ➝ ➦ ➧ ➨ ➛ ➩ ➙
➤ ➥ ➝ ➦
➫
➨
➭
✩ ✪ ❣ ➯
➲
❂
➳ ➵
✘ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✓ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✸ ☛ ✠ ■
➸
✷ ✷
✧
➺
✪
✪ ❣ ➯ ✈❂
✡ ✑ ✱
➻
➼
➽ ➾ ➚➪
✗ ✏ ✏ ✙ ❏ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✟ ☛ ✑ ♦ ✑ ✡ ✌
➳ ➵
✣ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✤ ➎ ✙
➶ ➹➘
➴
➷
■ ✠ ❬✱ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✸ ✏ ✓
✦
✷
✧
➬
✩ ✪ ✈ ✪ ❣ ➯❂ ✬
➳ ➵
✘ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✓ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✸ ☛ ✠ ■ ☛ ✎ ✔ ✟ ✌ ✴ ☞ ✡ ✸ ✏ ✎ ✒
✠ ✞ ✟ ✑ ✟ ✓ ✘ ☞ ✠ ♦ ✑ ✡ ✌ ✗ ✏ ✙ ✱ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✟ ☞ ✸
➮ ➱✃
❐
❒
5❮
✱
✦ ✦
✷ ✷
✧ ✧
➬ ➺
✪ ✈ ✪ ❣ ➯ ✪ ✈✬ ❂
➸
✷
✪ ❣ ➯❂
❲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ☎ ✁ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✆ ✠ ✡   ❲ ☎ ✁ ✶ ☛ ☞
❣ ✌✈
❇
✸❂✍
✭ ✎ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✙ ✎ ✚ ✓ ✖ ✎ ✛ ✓ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✎ ✓ ✢ ✕ ✖ ✣ ✕ ✚ ✤ ✥
✎ ✢ ✦
✧
★
✷
✧
✷
✧
✩✩
✪
❈
✪
✫
❈
✫
♠ ✬
♠ ✬
❑
❑
❆
✖
✮
✗ ✎ ✚ ✖ ✥
✯
✖ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✖ ✔ ✎ ✚ ✜
✰
✓ ✛ ✗
✱
✓ ✢ ✢
✲
✕ ✛ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✤ ✖ ✒ ✓
✳
✓
✲
✗ ✛ ✎ ✖
✴
✗ ✘ ✖ ✒ ✓
✰
✗
✰
✎ ✢ ✒ ✗ ✔ ✎
✵
✗ ✚ ✖ ✕
✲
✕ ✚ ✤ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✓
✲
✓ ✘ ✖
✹ ✺
✘
✖ ✒ ✓ ✛ ✗ ✚ ✚ ✓ ✛ ✖ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✖ ✔ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✎ ✢ ✛
t
✖ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✢ ✎ ✚ ✢ ✖ ✕ ✚ ✖
✯
✖ ✒ ✓
✰
✗
✰ ❜
✎
✲ ✲
✓
✻
✓ ✛
t
✖ ✓ ✕
✮
✔ ✗
✼
✓ ✛ ✖ ✎
✲
✓
✱
✗ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✚
❜
✎ ✖ ✒
✒ ✗ ✔ ✎
✵
✗ ✚ ✖ ✕
✲ ✮
✔ ✗
✼
✓ ✛ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✎ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✛ ✙ ✙ ✎ ✛ ✙ ✓ ✤
✒ ✗ ✔ ✎
✵
✗ ✚ ✖ ✕
✲ ✲ ✴
✘ ✔ ✗
✱
✖ ✒ ✓ ✓ ✤ ✜ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✕ ✛
✲
✎ ✘ ✘
✹
❤ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✔
❜
✎ ✢ ✓
✖ ✒ ✓
✰
✗
✰ ❜
✎
✲ ✲
✛ ✗ ✚ ✖ ✎ ✚
t
✓ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✖ ✢ ✛ ✎ ✔ ✛
t ✲
✕ ✔
✮
✕ ✖ ✒ ✕ ✚ ✤
✛ ✗
✱ ✮ ✲
✓ ✖ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✓
✳
✗
✲ t
✖ ✎ ✗ ✚
✹
✽
✾ ✿ ❀ ❚ ❁ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❚ ❃ ❉❚ ❊ ❋ ● ❃ ❉ ❃ ❍ ■ ❏ ❅ ▲ ❋ ▼ ❄ ❍ ❊ ❉■
✑ ✒ ✓ ✢
✮
✔ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✓ ✎ ✢ ✕ ✚ ✓
✻
✕
✱ ✮ ✲
✓ ✗ ✘ ✕
✳
✕ ✔ ✎ ✕
✰ ✲
✓ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✓
❜
✒ ✎ ✛ ✒ ✎ ✢ ✛ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✓ ✔
✳
✕ ✖ ✎
✳
✓
✹
✇ ✎ ✜
✹
◆
✹
❖ ✢ ✒ ✗
❜
✢ ✕
✰ ✲
✗ ✛ ✙
✕ ✖ ✖ ✕ ✛ ✒ ✓ ✤ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✢
✮
✔ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✕ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✓ ✢ ✖ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✗ ✚ ✕ ✢
✱
✗ ✗ ✖ ✒
✒ ✗ ✔ ✎
✵
✗ ✚ ✖ ✕
✲
✢
t
✔ ✘ ✕ ✛ ✓
✹
✑ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✢
✮
✔ ✎ ✚ ✜
✎ ✢ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✕ ✛ ✒ ✓ ✤ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✜ ✎ ✤
❜
✕
✲ ✲ ✹
✑ ✒ ✓ ✢
✮
✔ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✎ ✢
✲
✎ ✜ ✒ ✖
✕ ✚ ✤
✱
✕
✴ ✰
✓ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✕ ✢
✱
✕ ✢ ✢
✲
✓ ✢ ✢
✹ ✺
✚ ✕ ✚ ✎ ✤ ✓ ✕
✲
✢
✮
✔ ✎ ✚ ✜
✯
✖ ✒ ✓ ✢
✮
✔ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✓
P
s
✎ ✢
✮
✔ ✗
✮
✗ ✔ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✕
✲
✖ ✗
① ❜
✒ ✓ ✔ ✓
①
✎ ✢ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✤ ✎ ✢
✮ ✲
✕ ✛ ✓
✱
✓ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✒ ✓
✰ ✲
✗ ✛ ✙ ✘ ✔ ✗
✱
✖ ✒ ✓ ✓
◗ t
✎
✲
✎
✰
✔ ✎
t ✱ ✮
✗ ✢ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✚
✹
✑ ✒ ✓ ✤ ✎ ✢
✮ ✲
✕ ✛ ✓
✱
✓ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✗
t ✲
✤
✰
✓ ✓ ✎ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✔
✮
✗ ✢ ✎ ✖ ✎
✳
✓
❘
✇ ✎ ✜
✹
◆
✹
❖ ✭
✰
✏
❙
✗ ✔ ✚ ✓ ✜ ✕ ✖ ✎
✳
✓
❘
✇ ✎ ✜
✹
◆
✹
❖ ✭ ✛ ✏
❙ ✹
✑ ✒ ✎ ✢ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✓
✲
✕
❜
✘ ✗ ✔ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✢
✮
✔ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✎ ✢ ✛ ✕
✲ ✲
✓ ✤
❯
✗ ✗ ✙ ✓
❱
✢
✲
✕
❜
✕ ✚ ✤ ✎ ✢
✱
✕ ✖ ✒ ✓
✱
✕ ✖ ✎ ✛ ✕
✲ ✲ ✴
✢ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✕ ✢
P
s
❳ ❾ ❨ ①
✑ ✒ ✓ ✛ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✖ ✕ ✚ ✖
❨
✎ ✢ ✛ ✕
✲ ✲
✓ ✤ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✢
✮
✔ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✛ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✖ ✕ ✚ ✖
✹ ✺
✖ ✢
t
✚ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✢
✉ ✱
❩ ❬
✹
✑ ✒ ✓ ✢
✮
✔ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✎ ✢ ✢ ✕ ✎ ✤ ✖ ✗
✰
✓ ✢ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✘
❨
✎ ✢
✲
✕ ✔ ✜ ✓ ✕ ✚ ✤ ✢ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✎ ✘
❨
✎ ✢ ✢
✱
✕
✲ ✲ ✹
❭ t ✮ ✮
✗ ✢ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✕ ✖
❜
✓
✮ t ✲ ✲
✖ ✒ ✓
✰ ✲
✗ ✛ ✙ ✗
t
✖
❜
✕ ✔ ✤ ✢ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✚
✇ ✎ ✜
✹
◆
✹
❖ ✭
✰
✏
✹ ✺
✘ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✓
✻
✖ ✓ ✚ ✢ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✢
①
❪
✯
✖ ✒ ✓
❜
✗ ✔ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✓
✰ ✴
✖ ✒ ✓ ✢
✮
✔ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✓ ✎ ✢
❞
❫
❴
❵ ❵
❛
❝ ❡ ❢✐
❥
❞
❫
❴
❛
❦
❢ ❢✐
❧
❥
♥
♦
♣
q r
② ③
✭ ◆
✹ ④ ⑤
✏
✑ ✒ ✎ ✢ ✓
✻ ✮
✔ ✓ ✢ ✢ ✎ ✗ ✚
✱
✕
✴
✕
✲
✢ ✗
✰
✓ ✗
✰
✖ ✕ ✎ ✚ ✓ ✤
✰ ✴
✛ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✎ ✤ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✚ ✜
✲
✓ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✚
✇ ✎ ✜
✹
◆
✹
❖ ✭ ✤ ✏
✹ ✉
✗ ✖ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✒ ✓
❜
✗ ✔ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✓
✰ ✴
✖ ✒ ✓
✓
✻
✖ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✕
✲ ✮ t ✲ ✲
✎ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✓
P
✎ ✢
✮
✗ ✢ ✎ ✖ ✎
✳
✓ ✢ ✎ ✚ ✛ ✓ ✎ ✖
✗
✳
✓ ✔ ✛ ✗
✱
✓ ✢ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✢
✮
✔ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✓
✹
⑥
⑦
⑧
⑨ ⑩
❶ ❷ ❸
✭ ◆
✹ ④
◆ ✏
❹ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❽ ❼ ❿ ➀ ➁ ➁ ➂ ➃➄➅ ➆ ➄ ➇ ➈➉ ➈➊ ➄➋ ➌ ➃ ➍ ➅ ➇ ➉ ➎ ➊ ➈➅ ➏ ➌ ➐➇ ➄ ➋ ➆ ➑ ➁ ➈➏ ➒
➆ ➄ ➄ ➆ ➏ ➋ ➌ ➓ ➄ ➈ ➄ ➋ ➌ ➊ ➅ ➌ ➌ ➌ ➉ ➓ ➈ ➊ ➄ ➋ ➌ ➃ ➍ ➅ ➇ ➉ ➎ ➔
→
➆
➣ ↔
➋ ➌ ➃ ➍ ➅ ➇ ➉ ➎ ➊➈ ➅ ➏ ➌
↕
➙
➇ ➃
➛
➌ ➅ ➈ ➐ ➋ ➌ ➉ ➄ ➋ ➌
➓ ➇ ➃➍ ➁ ➆ ➏ ➌➜ ➌➉ ➄ ➝ ➊➅ ➈ ➜ ➄➋ ➌ ➌➞ ➂ ➇ ➁ ➇ ➑ ➅ ➇ ➂ ➜ ➍ ➈➃➇ ➄ ➇ ➈➉
➇ ➃
➛
➌➅ ➈ ➔
→
➑
➣ ↕
➈ ➅ ➄➋ ➌ ➃➄ ➅ ➌➄➏ ➋ ➌ ➓ ➃➍ ➅ ➇ ➉ ➎ ➝ ➟ ➠
➆ ➉ ➓
↕
➙
➡
➠
→
➏
➣ ↕
➈ ➅ ➄ ➋ ➌ ➏ ➈ ➜➍ ➅ ➌➃➃➌ ➓ ➃➍ ➅ ➇ ➉ ➎
➝
➡
➠ ➆ ➉ ➓
↕
➙
➟ ➠ ➔
→
➓
➣ ↔
➋ ➌ ➍ ➁ ➈➄ ➈ ➊
↕
➙
➢ ➌ ➅ ➃ ➂ ➃ ➝ ➔
↔
➋ ➌ ➆ ➅ ➌➆ ➈ ➊ ➄ ➋ ➌ ➃ ➋ ➆ ➓ ➌ ➓ ➄➅ ➇ ➆ ➉ ➎ ➁ ➌ ➅ ➌➍ ➅ ➌➃ ➌ ➉ ➄ ➃
➄ ➋ ➌ ➐ ➈➅ ➒ ➓ ➈ ➉ ➌ ➑
➤
➄ ➋ ➌ ➃ ➍ ➅ ➇ ➉ ➎ ➊ ➈ ➅ ➏ ➌ ➔
➥
➂ ➌ ➄ ➈ ➄ ➋ ➌
➈ ➍ ➍ ➈ ➃ ➇ ➉ ➎ ➃➇ ➎ ➉ ➃ ➈➊
↕
➦
➆ ➉ ➓ ➝ ➧ ➄ ➋ ➇ ➃ ➐ ➈ ➅ ➒ ➓ ➈➉ ➌ ➇ ➃
➉ ➌➎ ➆ ➄➇ ➢ ➌ ➧
➨ ➩ ➫ ➭
➯ ➲
➳
➵ ➸ ➺
➔
✑ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✕
✱
✓ ✎ ✢ ✖ ✔
t
✓
❜
✒ ✓ ✚ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✢
✮
✔ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✎ ✢
✛ ✗
✱ ✮
✔ ✓ ✢ ✢ ✓ ✤
❜
✎ ✖ ✒ ✕ ✤ ✎ ✢
✮ ✲
✕ ✛ ✓
✱
✓ ✚ ✖
①
➻
✭
➼ ➽
✏
✹
✑ ✒ ✓
✢
✮
✔ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✓ ✤ ✗ ✓ ✢
❜
✗ ✔ ✙
➾ ➚
➪
➶➹
➘ ➴➷ ➬ ➮
❜
✒ ✎
✲
✓ ✖ ✒ ✓
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
❋ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✏✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✏✕✖ ✏✗ ✕✘ ✙ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✕✒ ✌ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✍ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✌ ✚ ✣
❦
✒ ✚ ✙ ✕✒ ✓ ✙ ✚ ✙✍ ✛ ✜
❣
✏✗ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✏✓
❦
✌ ✕✕✌ ✓ ✘ ✙ ✣ ✕✏ ✌
✖✔ ✍ ✒ ✚ ✛ ✏✎ ✙ ✜ ✒ ✚ ✛
s
✏✏
❦
✙
✤
✖ ✑ ✌
✥✦ ✧
✘ ✙ ✕
✥
✏ ✔ ✑ ✏✕✖
✌ ✍ ✙ ✓ ✏❡✔ ✑ ✙ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✕✌ ✍ ✜ ★ ✏✚ ✙ ✣ ✙ ✓ ✍ ✙ ✌ ✖✒ ✚ ✛ ✌ ✖ ✕✘ ✙
✏ ✕ ✘ ✙ ✍ ✒ ✚ ✓ ✍ ✙ ✌ ✖ ✙ ✖
✦ ✧
✘ ✙ ✕ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✑ ❡ ✙ ✓ ✘ ✌ ✚ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✑
✙ ✚ ✙✍ ✛ ✜
✩ ✪ ❣ ✫
✢ ✍ ✙ ❡✌ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✓ ✏✚ ✖✕✌ ✚ ✕
✦
✬
✭ ✮ ✯ ✭ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✰ ✷ ✭ ✸ ✹ ✵ ✭ ✺ ✻ ✵ ✰ ✼
✽ ✾ ✿
❝
❀
❁ ❂
❃ ❄ ✴ ✯ ❅ ✭ ❆ ✳ ✵ ✷ ✼
✐
✺
❇
✵
❈
✭ ✹ ✴ ✰ ✵
❇
✲ ✱
✐
✱
✐
✯
✐
✲ ✳ ✹
✐
✺
❉
✳ ✲ ✷ ✭
❇
✭ ✱ ✯
①
❊
✯ ✵ ✲
✴
✐
✱ ✲ ✳ ✹
✐
✺
❉
✳ ✲ ✷ ✭
❇
✭ ✱ ✯
①
❢
●
✯ ❅ ✭ ✻ ✵ ✰ ✼ ✹ ✵ ✱ ✭ ❆
❍
✯ ❅ ✭
✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■ ✴ ✵ ✰ ✷ ✭ ❲
❏
✐
✺
❑
❑
❞
▲ ▲
▼
◆
❖
◗
❘
❙
❖
❚ ❯
❚ ❯
❱ ❚ ❯ ❯❳ ❨ ❳ ❨
❩
❬ ❭ ❃ ❪ ❫ ❴
❵
❅
❛
✺ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✻ ✵ ✰ ✼ ✹ ✵ ✱ ✭ ❆
❍
✯ ❅ ✭ ✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■ ✴ ✵ ✰ ✷ ✭ ✹ ✭
❉
✭ ✱ ✹ ✺
✵ ✱ ✳
❍
✵ ✱ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✭ ✱ ✹
❉
✵
✐
✱ ✯ ✺ ❃
♦ ❉
✭ ✷
✐
✴
✐
✷ ✲ ✳ ✳
❍ ● ✐
✴ ✯ ❅ ✭ ❆ ✳ ✵ ✷ ✼
✐
✺
❉ ❛
✳ ✳ ✭ ✹ ✴ ✰ ✵
❇ ①
❊
✲ ✱ ✹ ✲ ✳ ✳ ✵ ✻ ✭ ✹ ✯ ✵ ✰ ✭ ✯
❛
✰ ✱ ✯ ✵
①
❊
❜
❤ ❤
❥
❧ ❧
♠
♠
♥
♣ ♣
q
♥
r t r t
✉ r t t✈ ✇ ✈ ✇
②
③ ④ ❬ ❭ ❃ ❪ ⑤ ❴
❵
❅ ✭ ✻ ✵ ✰ ✼ ✹ ✵ ✱ ✭ ❆
❍
✯ ❅ ✭ ✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■ ✴ ✵ ✰ ✷ ✭
✐
✱ ✲ ✷
❍
✷ ✳
✐
✷
❉
✰ ✵ ✷ ✭ ✺ ✺
✐
✺ ⑥ ✭ ✰ ✵ ❃ ⑦ ✭ ❅ ✲
❈
✭ ✭ ✮
❉
✳
✐
✷
✐
✯ ✳
❍
✹ ✭
❇
✵ ✱ ✺ ✯ ✰ ✲ ✯ ✭ ✹
✯ ❅ ✲ ✯ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■ ✴ ✵ ✰ ✷ ✭ ❬
✐
❴
✐
✺
❉
✵ ✺
✐
✯
✐
✵ ✱ ✹ ✭
❉
✭ ✱ ✹ ✭ ✱ ✯
✵ ✱ ✳
❍
✲ ✺ ✴
✐
✰ ✺ ✯ ✺ ✯ ✲ ✯ ✭ ✹ ❆
❍
⑧ ✵ ✵ ✼ ✭
●
❬ ✸
❏
⑨ ❾ ⑩
①
❴
❜
❬
✐ ✐
❴
✹ ✵ ✭ ✺ ✻ ✵ ✰ ✼ ✻ ❅
✐
✷ ❅ ✵ ✱ ✳
❍
✹ ✭
❉
✭ ✱ ✹ ✺ ✵ ✱ ✯ ❅ ✭
✐
✱
✐
✯
✐
✲ ✳ ✲ ✱ ✹
✴
✐
✱ ✲ ✳
❉
✵ ✺
✐
✯
✐
✵ ✱ ✺
●
✭ ❃ ■ ❃ ❶ ❷ ❃ ❬ ❭ ❃ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❃
❵
❅
❛
✺
●
✯ ❅ ✭ ✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■
✴ ✵ ✰ ✷ ✭
✐
✺ ✲ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❽❿ ➀ ➁➂ ❿ ❼ ➃ ❹ ❽ ❸ ❼ ➄
⑦ ✭ ✹ ✭ ✴
✐
✱ ✭ ✯ ❅ ✭
❉
✵ ✯ ✭ ✱ ✯
✐
✲ ✳ ✭ ✱ ✭ ✰ ■
❍ ➅
❬
①
❴ ✵ ✴ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■
✯ ✵ ❆ ✭ ⑥ ✭ ✰ ✵ ✻ ❅ ✭ ✱ ❆ ✳ ✵ ✷ ✼ ✲ ✱ ✹ ✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■ ✺
❍
✺ ✯ ✭
❇ ✐
✺
✐
✱ ✯ ❅ ✭
✭ ❷
❛ ✐
✳
✐
❆ ✰
✐ ❛ ❇ ❉
✵ ✺
✐
✯
✐
✵ ✱ ❃
➆
✵ ✰ ✲ ✱ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✭ ✱ ✺
✐
✵ ✱ ❬ ✵ ✰
✷ ✵
❇ ❉
✰ ✭ ✺ ✺
✐
✵ ✱ ❴
①
✯ ❅ ✭ ✲ ❆ ✵
❈
✭ ✲ ✱ ✲ ✳
❍
✺
✐
✺ ✺
❛
■ ■ ✭ ✺ ✯ ✺ ✯ ❅ ✲ ✯
➇ ➈➉ ➊
➋
➉
➌
➍
➎
❬ ❭ ❃ ❪ ➏ ❴
➐
✵
❛ ❇
✲
❍
✭ ✲ ✺
✐
✳
❍ ❈
✭ ✰
✐
✴
❍
✯ ❅ ✲ ✯ ➑ ✹
➅
➒ ✹
①
⑨ ❾ ⑩
① ●
✯ ❅ ✭
✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■ ✴ ✵ ✰ ✷ ✭ ❃ ❄ ✴ ✯ ❅ ✭ ❆ ✳ ✵ ✷ ✼ ✵ ✴
❇
✲ ✺ ✺
➓ ✐
✱
➆ ✐
■ ❃ ❭ ❃ ❫
✐
✺
✭ ✮ ✯ ✭ ✱ ✹ ✭ ✹ ✯ ✵
①
➔
✲ ✱ ✹ ✰ ✭ ✳ ✭ ✲ ✺ ✭ ✹ ✴ ✰ ✵
❇
✰ ✭ ✺ ✯
●
✯ ❅ ✭ ✱
✐
✯ ✺
✯ ✵ ✯ ✲ ✳
❇
✭ ✷ ❅ ✲ ✱
✐
✷ ✲ ✳ ✭ ✱ ✭ ✰ ■
❍
✲ ✯ ✲ ✱
❍
✲ ✰ ❆
✐
✯ ✰ ✲ ✰
❍ ❉
✵
✐
✱ ✯
① ●
✻ ❅ ✭ ✰ ✭
①
✳
✐
✭ ✺ ❆ ✭ ✯ ✻ ✭ ✭ ✱
→ ①
➔
✲ ✱ ✹
➣ ①
➔ ↔
✻
✐
✳ ✳ ❆ ✭ ■
✐ ❈
✭ ✱ ❆
❍
↕↕↕
➙
➛ ➜➝ ➞➝ ➞
➟
➠
➟
➠
➟
➠
➡➢
✻ ❅ ✭ ✰ ✭ ✻ ✭ ❅ ✲
❈
✭
✐
✱
❈
✵ ✼ ✭ ✹ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✷ ✵ ✱ ✺ ✭ ✰
❈
✲ ✯
✐
✵ ✱ ✵ ✴
❇
✭ ✷ ❅ ✲ ✱
✐
✷ ✲ ✳ ✭ ✱ ✭ ✰ ■
❍
❃
❵
❅
✐
✺ ✺
❛
■ ■ ✭ ✺ ✯ ✺ ✯ ❅ ✲ ✯ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✺
❉
✭ ✭ ✹
✲ ✱ ✹ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✼
✐
✱ ✭ ✯
✐
✷ ✭ ✱ ✭ ✰ ■
❍
✻
✐
✳ ✳ ❆ ✭
❇
✲ ✮
✐ ❇ ❛ ❇
✲ ✯ ✯ ❅ ✭
✭ ❷
❛ ✐
✳
✐
❆ ✰
✐ ❛ ❇ ❉
✵ ✺
✐
✯
✐
✵ ✱
● ①
⑨ ④
● ✐
❃ ✭ ❃
●
➤
➥
➤
➥
➦ ➧➨ ➩
➫
➭
➫
➭
➯
✻ ❅ ✭ ✰ ✭ ➲
➔
✐
✺ ✯ ❅ ✭
❇
✲ ✮
✐ ❇ ❛ ❇
✺
❉
✭ ✭ ✹ ❃
✵ ✰
➳➳
➵
➸
➺
➻ ➼
➽✵ ✯ ✭ ✯ ❅ ✲ ✯ ⑩ ➒
➓
❅ ✲ ✺ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✹
✐ ❇
✭ ✱ ✺
✐
✵ ✱ ✺ ✵ ✴ ➾
❵
➚ ➪
➶ ✲ ✱ ✹
✵
❛
✰ ✭ ❷
❛
✲ ✯
✐
✵ ✱
✐
✺ ✹
✐ ❇
✭ ✱ ✺
✐
✵ ✱ ✲ ✳ ✳
❍
✷ ✵ ✰ ✰ ✭ ✷ ✯ ❃
❵
❅ ✭
✼
✐
✱ ✭ ✯
✐
✷ ✭ ✱ ✭ ✰ ■
❍
■ ✭ ✯ ✺ ✷ ✵ ✱
❈
✭ ✰ ✯ ✭ ✹ ✯ ✵
❉
✵ ✯ ✭ ✱ ✯
✐
✲ ✳ ✭ ✱ ✭ ✰ ■
❍
✲ ✱ ✹
❈ ✐
✷ ✭
❈
✭ ✰ ✺ ✲
●
❅ ✵ ✻ ✭
❈
✭ ✰
●
✯ ❅ ✭ ✯ ✵ ✯ ✲ ✳
❇
✭ ✷ ❅ ✲ ✱
✐
✷ ✲ ✳
✭ ✱ ✭ ✰ ■
❍
✰ ✭
❇
✲
✐
✱ ✺ ✷ ✵ ✱ ✺ ✯ ✲ ✱ ✯ ❃
❵
❅
✐
✺
✐
✺ ■ ✰ ✲
❉
❅
✐
✷ ✲ ✳ ✳
❍
✹ ✭
❉ ✐
✷ ✯ ✭ ✹
✐
✱
➆ ✐
■ ❃ ❭ ❃ ⑤ ❃
➹ ➘ ➴ ➷ ➬ ➮ ➱ ✃ ❐ ❒
❵
✵ ✺
✐ ❇ ❛
✳ ✲ ✯ ✭ ✷ ✲ ✰ ✲ ✷ ✷
✐
✹ ✭ ✱ ✯ ✺
●
✲
❛
✯ ✵
❇
✲ ✱
❛
✴ ✲ ✷ ✯
❛
✰ ✭ ✰ ✺ ✺ ✯
❛
✹
❍
✯ ❅ ✭ ✷ ✵ ✳ ✳
✐
✺
✐
✵ ✱ ✺ ✵ ✴
❇
✵
❈ ✐
✱ ■
✷ ✲ ✰ ✺ ✻
✐
✯ ❅
❇
✵
❛
✱ ✯ ✭ ✹ ✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■ ✺ ✵ ✴ ✹
✐
✴ ✴ ✭ ✰ ✭ ✱ ✯ ✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■
✷ ✵ ✱ ✺ ✯ ✲ ✱ ✯ ✺ ❃ ❮ ✵ ✱ ✺
✐
✹ ✭ ✰ ✲ ✯
❍ ❉ ✐
✷ ✲ ✳ ✺
✐ ❇ ❛
✳ ✲ ✯
✐
✵ ✱ ✻
✐
✯ ❅
✲ ✷ ✲ ✰ ✵ ✴
❇
✲ ✺ ✺ ❪ ④ ④ ④ ✼ ■
❇
✵
❈ ✐
✱ ■ ✻
✐
✯ ❅ ✲ ✺
❉
✭ ✭ ✹
❪ ⑤ ❃ ④ ✼
❇
❰ ❅ ✵ ✱ ✲ ✺
❇
✵ ✵ ✯ ❅ ✰ ✵ ✲ ✹ ✲ ✱ ✹ ✷ ✵ ✳ ✳
✐
✹
✐
✱ ■
✻
✐
✯ ❅ ✲ ❅ ✵ ✰
✐
⑥ ✵ ✱ ✯ ✲ ✳ ✳
❍ ❇
✵
❛
✱ ✯ ✭ ✹ ✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■ ✵ ✴ ✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■
✷ ✵ ✱ ✺ ✯ ✲ ✱ ✯ ❭ ❃ Ï Ð Ñ ❪ ④
Ò
➽
❇
Ó Ô
❃ ⑦ ❅ ✲ ✯
✐
✺ ✯ ❅ ✭
❇
✲ ✮
✐ ❇ ❛ ❇
✷ ✵
❇ ❉
✰ ✭ ✺ ✺
✐
✵ ✱ ✵ ✴ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■ Õ
Ö × Ø Ù
➱
Ú Û
✯
❇
✲ ✮
✐ ❇ ❛ ❇
✷ ✵
❇ ❉
✰ ✭ ✺ ✺
✐
✵ ✱ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✼
✐
✱ ✭ ✯
✐
✷
✭ ✱ ✭ ✰ ■
❍
✵ ✴ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✷ ✲ ✰
✐
✺ ✷ ✵ ✱
❈
✭ ✰ ✯ ✭ ✹ ✭ ✱ ✯
✐
✰ ✭ ✳
❍ ✐
✱ ✯ ✵ ✯ ❅ ✭
❉
✵ ✯ ✭ ✱ ✯
✐
✲ ✳ ✭ ✱ ✭ ✰ ■
❍
✵ ✴ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■ ❃
❵
❅ ✭ ✼
✐
✱ ✭ ✯
✐
✷ ✭ ✱ ✭ ✰ ■
❍
✵ ✴ ✯ ❅ ✭
❇
✵
❈ ✐
✱ ■ ✷ ✲ ✰
✐
✺
Ü Ý Þ
➌
➍
ß
➎
ààá â
ã
á
ä
åååæ
ç ⑨ ❪ ❃ Ï Ð è ❪ ④
é
ê
✻ ❅ ✭ ✰ ✭ ✻ ✭ ❅ ✲
❈
✭ ✷ ✵ ✱
❈
✭ ✰ ✯ ✭ ✹ ❪ ⑤ ✼
❇
❅
Ó Ô
✯ ✵ Ð
❇
✺
Ó Ô
ë ì ➁ ➂ ❻
í ❻ ❼ ➃ í î ➁❹ ❽ ❼ ï ❼ ï ð ❼ ❽ ➁ ñ ➀ ➁ ò ó ô ï ñ
õ ö
÷ ø ù ï ❻
õ ö
ú ❃
Û
✯
❇
✲ ✮
✐ ❇ ❛ ❇
✷ ✵
❇ ❉
✰ ✭ ✺ ✺
✐
✵ ✱
①
➔
●
✯ ❅ ✭
❉
✵ ✯ ✭ ✱ ✯
✐
✲ ✳
✭ ✱ ✭ ✰ ■
❍ ➅
✵ ✴ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✺
❉
✰
✐
✱ ■
✐
✺ ✭ ❷
❛
✲ ✳ ✯ ✵ ✯ ❅ ✭ ✼
✐
✱ ✭ ✯
✐
✷
✭ ✱ ✭ ✰ ■
❍
ç ✵ ✴ ✯ ❅ ✭
❇
✵
❈ ✐
✱ ■ ✷ ✲ ✰ ✴ ✰ ✵
❇
✯ ❅ ✭
❉
✰
✐
✱ ✷
✐ ❉
✳ ✭ ✵ ✴
✷ ✵ ✱ ✺ ✭ ✰
❈
✲ ✯
✐
✵ ✱ ✵ ✴
❇
✭ ✷ ❅ ✲ ✱
✐
✷ ✲ ✳ ✭ ✱ ✭ ✰ ■
❍
❃
➤
➥
➦ ➧û
➫
➭
➯
❲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ☎ ✁ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✆ ✠ ✡   ❲ ☎ ✁ ✶ ☛ ☞
✌
✥ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ × ✍ ✒
✹
✓
✔ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚
①
♠
✛
✏ ✎ ✒ ✒
✜
✔ ❡ ✚ ✕ ✗ ❡ ✗
✢
✘ ✗
✣
❡
✢
✘
✤
❡ ✙
✦
❡ ✘
✧
✙
★
❡
✦
✗
✢
❡
★
✙ ✗
✩
✘ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✎
❚ ✢
❡
★ ✪ ✫
✙ ✚
✬
✙
★ ✭
✕ ✚
★
✙
✦
❡
✫
❡
✦
✗ ✕ ✖ ❡
✜
✘
★ ★ ✧
❡
★ ★
✎
❚ ✢
❡
★ ✩ ✫ s
✘
✭
❡
✢
✘
★
✖ ❡ ❡ ✚
✭
✕ ✚
★
✙
✦
❡
✫
❡
✦
✗ ✕
✪
✕
★ ★
❡
★ ★
✚ ❡
✬ ✧
✙
✬
✙ ✖
✧
❡
s ✫
✙
✭
✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✎
✮
✔ ❡
✭
✕ ✚
✭ ✧ ✩ ✦
❡ ✗
✢
✙
★ ★
❡
✭
✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✖
✯ ✜
✘
✰
✙ ✚
✬
✘
s
❡
✣
✫
❡
✜
✘
✫ ✰ ★
✕ ✚
✭
✕ ✚
★
❡
✫ ✤
✘ ✗ ✙
✤
❡
s
✕
✫ ✭
❡
★
✎
✱
✙
✲ ■
✚
s
✕
✫ ✜
✘ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✕ ✚ ✗ ✙
✜
❡ ✙
★
✘ ✖
★
❡ ✚ ✗
s ✫
✕
✜
✗
✢
❡ ✘ ✖ ✕
✤
❡
✦
✙
★ ✭ ✩ ★ ★
✙ ✕ ✚
★
✎
■
✚ ✗
✢
❡ ❡ ❞ ✘
✜ ✪ ✧
❡
✭
✕ ✚
★
✙
✦
❡
✫
❡
✦
✘ ✖ ✕
✤
❡
❛ ✣
❡
✭
✘ ✚
✭
✘
✧ ✭ ✩ ✧
✘ ✗ ❡ ✗
✢
❡
✭
✕
✜ ✪ ✫
❡
★ ★
✙ ✕ ✚
❛
✖
✩
✗
✚ ✕ ✗ ✗
✢
❡ ✗ ✙
✜
❡ ✕
✤
❡
✫ ✣ ✢
✙
✭ ✢
✗
✢
❡
✭
✕
✜ ✪ ✫
❡
★ ★
✙ ✕ ✚
✕
✭ ✭ ✩ ✫ ★
✎ ♦
★
✕
✧ ✩
✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✕
s
✳❡
✣
✗ ✕ ✚ ✴
★
✵ ❡
✭
✕ ✚
✦
✷ ✘
✣
s
✕
✫
✗
✢
✙
★ ★ ✯ ★
✗ ❡
✜
✙
★ ✫
❡
❢ ✩
✙
✫
❡
✦ s
✕
✫
✗ ❡
✜ ✪
✕
✫
✘
✧
✙ ✚
s
✕
✫ ✜
✘ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✎
✱
✙ ✙
✲
✳ ✕ ✗ ✘
✧ ✧ s
✕
✫ ✭
❡
★
✘
✫
❡
✭
✕ ✚
★
❡
✫ ✤
✘ ✗ ✙
✤
❡ ✎
◆ ✫
✙
✭
✗ ✙ ✕ ✚
❛ s
✕
✫
❡ ❞ ✘
✜ ✪ ✧
❡
❛
✙
★
✘ ✚ ✕ ✚
✸ ✭
✕ ✚
★
❡
✫ ✤
✘ ✗ ✙
✤
❡
s
✕
✫ ✭
❡ ✎
❚ ✢
❡
✪ ✫
✙ ✚
✭
✙
✪ ✧
❡ ✕
s ✭
✕ ✚
★
❡
✫ ✤
✘ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✕
s
❡ ✚ ❡
✫ ✬ ✯ ✣
✙
✧ ✧ ✢
✘
✤
❡
✗ ✕ ✖ ❡
✜
✕
✦
✙
s
✙ ❡
✦
✙ ✚ ✗
✢
✙
★ ✭
✘
★
❡ ✎
❚ ✢
✙
★
✙
★
✙
✧ ✧ ✩ ★
✗
✫
✘ ✗ ❡
✦
✙ ✚ ✐ ❞ ✘
✜ ✪ ✧
❡ ✺ ✎ ✻ ✎
✱
✙ ✙ ✙
✲ ❚ ✢
❡ ✼ ❡
✫
✕ ✕
s
✗
✢
❡
✪
✕ ✗ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✙ ✘
✧
❡ ✚ ❡
✫ ✬ ✯
✙
★
✘
✫
✖ ✙ ✗
✫
✘
✫ ✯
✎
■
✗ ✙
★ ★
❡ ✗ ✘
✭ ✭
✕
✫ ✦
✙ ✚
✬
✗ ✕
✭
✕ ✚
✤
❡ ✚ ✙ ❡ ✚
✭
❡ ✎
◆
✕
✫
✗
✢
❡
★ ✪ ✫
✙ ✚
✬ s
✕
✫ ✭
❡
✣
❡ ✗ ✕ ✕
✰
❱
✱ ① ✲ ✛
✒
❛
✘ ✗
① ✛
✒
❛
✙ ✎ ❡ ✎ ✗
✢
❡
✩
✚
★
✗
✫
❡ ✗
✭ ✢
❡
✦ ★ ✪ ✫
✙ ✚
✬ ✢
✘
✦
✼ ❡
✫
✕
✪
✕ ✗ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✙ ✘
✧
❡ ✚ ❡
✫ ✬ ✯
✎
◆
✕
✫
✗
✢
❡
✭
✕ ✚
★
✗ ✘ ✚ ✗
✬ ✫
✘
✤
✙ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✘
✧ s
✕
✫ ✭
❡
✽ ✾ ❛ ✣
❡ ✗ ✕ ✕
✰
❱ ✥ ✒ ✕ ✚ ✗
✢
❡ ❡ ✘
✫
✗
✢
✴
★ ★ ✩ ✫ s
✘
✭
❡ ✎
■
✚
✘
✧
✘ ✗ ❡
✫ ✭ ✢
✘
✪
✗ ❡
✫ ✣
❡
★ ✢
✘
✧ ✧ ★
❡ ❡ ✗
✢
✘ ✗
s
✕
✫
✗
✢
❡
s
✕
✫ ✭
❡
✦ ✩
❡ ✗ ✕ ✗
✢
❡
✩
✚ ✙
✤
❡
✫ ★
✘
✧ ✧
✘
✣
✕
s ✬ ✫
✘
✤
✙ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚
❛
✗
✢
❡
✼ ❡
✫
✕ ✙
★
✖ ❡
★
✗
✦
❡
s
✙ ✚ ❡
✦
✘ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✙ ✚
s
✙ ✚ ✙ ✗ ❡
✦
✙
★
✗ ✘ ✚
✭
❡
s ✫
✕
✜
✗
✢
❡
✬ ✫
✘
✤
✙ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✘
✧ ★
✕
✩ ✫ ✭
❡ ✎ ✿ ✕
✣
❡
✤
❡
✫ ❛
✕ ✚
✭
❡
✗
✢
❡ ✼ ❡
✫
✕ ✕
s
✗
✢
❡
✪
✕ ✗ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✙ ✘
✧
❡ ✚ ❡
✫ ✬ ✯
✙
★ s
✙ ❞ ❡
✦
✙ ✚ ✘
✬
✙
✤
❡ ✚
✦
✙
★ ✭ ✩ ★ ★
✙ ✕ ✚
❛
✙ ✗
✜ ✩ ★
✗ ✖ ❡
✭
✕ ✚
★
✙
★
✗ ❡ ✚ ✗
✧ ✯
✘
✦ ✢
❡
✫
❡
✦
✗ ✕ ✗
✢ ✫
✕
✩ ✬ ✢
✕
✩
✗ ✗
✢
❡
✦
✙
★ ✭ ✩ ★ ★
✙ ✕ ✚ ✎ ❀ ✕
✩
✭
✘ ✚ ✚ ✕ ✗
✭ ✢
✘ ✚
✬
❡
✢
✕
✫ ★
❡
★
✙ ✚
✜
✙
✦ ★
✗
✫
❡ ✘
✜ ❝
❊ ❁ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❆ ❇ ❈ ❉ ❋
✕ ✚
★
✙
✦
❡
✫
✐ ❞ ✘
✜ ✪ ✧
❡ ✺ ✎
●
✗ ✘
✰
✙ ✚
✬
✗
✢
❡
✭
✕ ❡
s s
✙
✭
✙ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✕
s s ✫
✙
✭
✗ ✙ ✕ ✚
❛ ➭ ❛
✗ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✘ ✚
✦
✭
✘
✧ ✭ ✩ ✧
✘ ✗ ❡ ✗
✢
❡
✜
✘ ❞ ✙
✜ ✩ ✜ ✭
✕
✜ ✪ ✫
❡
★ ★
✙ ✕ ✚ ✕
s
✗
✢
❡
★ ✪ ✫
✙ ✚
✬
✎
❍ ❏ ❑ ▲ ❆ ▼ ■
✚
✪ ✫
❡
★
❡ ✚
✭
❡ ✕
s s ✫
✙
✭
✗ ✙ ✕ ✚
❛
✖ ✕ ✗
✢
✗
✢
❡
★ ✪ ✫
✙ ✚
✬
s
✕
✫ ✭
❡ ✘ ✚
✦
✗
✢
❡
s ✫
✙
✭
✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✘
✧ s
✕
✫ ✭
❡ ✘
✭
✗
★
✕ ✘
★
✗ ✕ ✕
✪ ✪
✕
★
❡
✗
✢
❡
✭
✕
✜ ✪ ✫
❡
★ ★
✙ ✕ ✚ ✕
s
✗
✢
❡
★ ✪ ✫
✙ ✚
✬
✘
★ ★ ✢
✕
✣
✚ ✙ ✚
◆
✙
✬
✎ ✺ ✎ ✻ ✎
✔ ❡ ✙ ✚
✤
✕
✰
❡ ✗
✢
❡
✣
✕
✫ ✰ ✸
❡ ✚ ❡
✫ ✬ ✯
✗
✢
❡ ✕
✫
❡
✜ ❛ ✫
✘ ✗
✢
❡
✫
✗
✢
✘ ✚ ✗
✢
❡
✭
✕ ✚
★
❡
✫ ✤
✘ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✕
s ✜
❡
✭ ✢
✘ ✚ ✙
✭
✘
✧
❡ ✚ ❡
✫ ✬ ✯
✎
❚ ✢
❡
✭ ✢
✘ ✚
✬
❡ ✙ ✚
✰
✙ ✚ ❡ ✗ ✙
✭
❡ ✚ ❡
✫ ✬ ✯
✙
★
❖ P ◗ ❘ ❙ ❘ ❯ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬❭❪ ❫ ❩ ❴ ❵ ❫ ❜❣ ❤ ❥ ❭❤ ❜ ❨ ❩ ❫ ❵ ❪ ❦
❧♥
✥
♥
♣
❾ ♥
q
r
✈ t
✉
✇
② ③④
❚ ✢
❡
✣
✕
✫ ✰ ✦
✕ ✚ ❡ ✖
✯
✗
✢
❡ ✚ ❡ ✗
s
✕
✫ ✭
❡ ✙
★
⑤
⑥
⑦
⑧ ⑧
⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❶❹ ❺ ❺ ❻
✐
❢ ✩
✘ ✗ ✙ ✚
✬ ✣
❡
✢
✘
✤
❡
❼ ❼
❽ ❽
❿ ❿
➀ ➀
➁ ➂ ➃ ➄ ➁ ➅ ➄➆ ➇ ➈
✳ ✕
✣
➉
✽ ✾ ✛
✒ ✎ ✑ × ✍ ✒
➊
× ✍ ✒ ➋ ✑ × ✍ ✒
➊
✳
✱
✗ ✘
✰
✙ ✚
✬
✾ ✛
✍ ✒ ✎ ✒
✜ ★
➌ ➍
✲
✎ ♦
s
✗ ❡
✫ ✫
❡ ✘
✫ ✫
✘ ✚
✬
✙ ✚
✬
✗
✢
❡ ✘ ✖ ✕
✤
❡
❡
❢ ✩
✘ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚
✣
❡ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✗
✢
❡
s
✕
✧ ✧
✕
✣
✙ ✚
✬ ❢ ✩
✘
✦ ✫
✘ ✗ ✙
✭
❡
❢ ✩
✘ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✗
✢
❡
✩
✚
✰
✚ ✕
✣
✚
①
♠
✎
➎
➏ ➏
➐ ➐
➑ ➒ ➓ ➔ ➒ ➓ → ➣↔ ↕ ➙➛
➜➝ ⑦
⑦ ⑦ ⑦ ⑦
⑧
❷ ❸ ❷ ❸ ❷ ⑩ ➞
❶
⑩
➟ ➟
➠ ➡
❺ ➢ ➢
➤ ➥
❹
✣ ✢
❡
✫
❡
✣
❡ ✗ ✘
✰
❡ ✗
✢
❡
✪
✕
★
✙ ✗ ✙
✤
❡
★ ❢ ✩
✘
✫
❡
✫
✕ ✕ ✗
★
✙ ✚
✭
❡
①
♠
✙
★ ✪
✕
★
✙ ✗ ✙
✤
❡ ✎
➦ ✩
✗ ✗ ✙ ✚
✬
✙ ✚ ✚
✩ ✜
❡
✫
✙
✭
✘
✧ ✤
✘
✧ ✩
❡
★ ✣
❡
✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚
①
♠
✥ ✍ ✎
➧
✑
✜
✣ ✢
✙
✭ ✢ ❛
✘
★
❡ ❞
✪
❡
✭
✗ ❡
✦ ❛
✙
★ ✧
❡
★ ★
✗
✢
✘ ✚ ✗
✢
❡
✫
❡
★ ✩ ✧
✗ ✙ ✚
✐ ❞ ✘
✜ ✪ ✧
❡ ✺ ✎
➨
✎
■ s
✗
✢
❡ ✗
✣
✕
s
✕
✫ ✭
❡
★
✕ ✚ ✗
✢
❡ ✖ ✕
✦ ✯ ✭
✕ ✚
★
✙
★
✗ ✕
s
✘
✭
✕ ✚
★
❡
✫ ✤
✘ ✗ ✙
✤
❡
s
✕
✫ ✭
❡
➩
➫
✘ ✚
✦
✘ ✚ ✕ ✚
✸ ✭
✕ ✚
★
❡
✫ ✤
✘ ✗ ✙
✤
❡
s
✕
✫ ✭
❡
➩
➯ ➫
❛
✗
✢
❡
✭
✕ ✚
★
❡
✫ ✤
✘ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✕
s ✜
❡
✭ ✢
✘ ✚ ✙
✭
✘
✧
❡ ✚ ❡
✫ ✬ ✯
s
✕
✫ ✜ ✩ ✧
✘
✣
✙
✧ ✧ ✢
✘
✤
❡ ✗ ✕ ✖ ❡
✜
✕
✦
✙
s
✙ ❡
✦
✎
➲✯
✗
✢
❡ ✔ ✐
✗
✢
❡ ✕
✫
❡
✜
✱ ➩
➫
➳ ➩
➯ ➫
✲ ❧ ①
✥
❧♥
➲✩
✗
➩
➫
❧ ①
✥
❾ ❧
❱
✿ ❡ ✚
✭
❡
❛ ❧ ✱ ♥ ➳
❱
✲
✥
➩
➯ ➫
❧ ①
❧
➵ ✥
➩
➯ ➫
❧ ①
✣ ✢
❡
✫
❡ ➵ ✙
★
✗
✢
❡ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✘
✧ ✜
❡
✭ ✢
✘ ✚ ✙
✭
✘
✧
❡ ✚ ❡
✫ ✬ ✯
✎ ➸
✤
❡
✫
✗
✢
❡
✪
✘ ✗
✢
✗
✢
✙
★
✘
★ ★ ✩ ✜
❡
★
✗
✢
❡
s
✕
✫ ✜
➵
♣
➺ ➵
q
✥ ➻
➯ ➫
✔
✢
❡
✫
❡ ➻
➯ ➫
✙
★
✗
✢
❡ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✘
✧ ✣
✕
✫ ✰ ✦
✕ ✚ ❡ ✖
✯
✗
✢
❡
✚ ✕ ✚
✸ ✭
✕ ✚
★
❡
✫ ✤
✘ ✗ ✙
✤
❡
s
✕
✫ ✭
❡
★
✕
✤
❡
✫
✗
✢
❡
✪
✘ ✗
✢
✎ ✳ ✕ ✗ ❡ ✗
✢
✘ ✗
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
✉ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✞ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✕ ❲
♥ ✖
❞ ☛ ✗ ☛ ✞ ❞ ✏ ✎ ✞
☞ ✌ ☛ ✗ ✓ ✑ ☞ ✠ ✍ ✉ ✟ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✐ ☞ ✎ ✥ ✳ ✘
✻ ✙ ✚ ✛ ❱ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✧ ★ ✤ ✢ ✩ ✧ ✤ ★ ✪ ✫ ✪ ✢ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✪ ✱ ✜ ✲
✤ ★ ❖ ✤ ✫✧ ✪ ✢ ❱ ✜ ✯ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✤ ★ ✪ ✫✪ ✢ ✬ ✭
■ ✞ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✗ ✑ ☛ ✒ ✠ ✎ ✉ ✏ ✏ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✴ ☛ ✌ ✓ ✒ ☛ ❞ ✠ ✏ ✍ ✉ ✏ ✏ ☛ ❞
♠ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✷ ✸ ☛ ✌ ✓ ✒ ☛ ✏ ☛ ☛ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✞ ❡ ☛
✍ ✟ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✠ ✔ ✠ ☛ ❞ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✴ ✎ ❞ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✠ ✞ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✓ ☞ ☛ ❣ ✎ ✑ ✠ ☛ ✏ ❝ ✎ ✞ ☛ ❡ ✓ ✏ ☛ ❞
✎ ✞ ♠ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✕ ✞ ✓ ♠ ☛ ✟ ✵ ✡ ✠ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ♦ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✎ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✞
✍ ✎ ✞ ✔ ✠ ❣ ✉ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✹ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✠ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✺ ✕ ✞ ✓ ♠ ☛ ✟ ✵ ✗ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✞ ☞ ✠ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✷
❊ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✍ ✎ ♠ ☛ ✏ ✠ ✞ ♠ ✓ ✞ ✵ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✑ ♠ ✏ ✴ ✌ ✠ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✓ ✞ ✏ ✔ ✎ ✑ ♠
✠ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✎ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✎ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✞ ✴ ✓ ✵ ✏ ✴ ✌ ✠ ✍ ✌ ♠ ✓ ✵ ✞ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✞
❡ ☛ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✉ ✏ ✷
✻ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✰
✼ ✽ ✾
✸ ☛ ✌ ✓ ✒ ☛ ✏ ☛ ☛ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✓ ☞ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✑ ✠ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✟ ✔ ✎ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✏ ☛ ✿ ✍ ✟ ✉ ❞ ☛ ❞
✔ ✑ ✎ ♠ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✓ ☞ ☛ ❣ ✎ ✑ ✵ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✞ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✷ ❀ ✎ ✴ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✕
✴ ✎ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✓ ☞ ☛ ❞ ✴ ✠ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✑ ✠ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✷ ✇
❡ ✟ ✎ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✔ ♠ ✓ ✏ ✏ ❁ ✏ ✟ ✠ ❞ ✠ ✞ ❣ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✉ ❣ ✌ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✠ ❂ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✓ ✟
✏ ✉ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✍ ☛ ✴ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✗ ☛ ☛ ❞ ✈
❃
✍ ✎ ♠ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✟ ☞ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✓
❞ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✍ ☛ ①
❃
✷ ❄ ✌ ☛ ✴ ✎ ✑ ✡ ❞ ✎ ✞ ☛ ❡ ✵ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✔ ✡ ✠ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✍
✔ ✑ ✠ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✥ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✑ ①
❃
✠ ✏ ❅ ✥ ①
❃
✳ ❇ ✵ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✴ ✎ ✑ ✡ ❆ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵
☞ ✌ ☛ ✎ ✑ ☛ ♠
❈
❉ ❋
● ❍ ❏ ❑ ❢ ▲ ▼◆
■ ✔ ✴ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✞ ✔ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✎ ✉ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✗ ☛
☞ ✎ ♠ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✴ ☛ ✴ ✎ ✉ ✟ ❞ ✏ ✓ ✵ ☞ ✌ ✓ ☞ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✠ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✍
☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✌ ☛ ❡ ✟ ✎ ✍ ✡ ✠ ✏
◗
✟ ✎ ✏ ☞
❘
❞ ✉ ☛ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✑ ✠ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✟
✔ ✎ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✷ ❙ ✞ ☛ ✿ ✓ ♠ ✠ ✞ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✌ ☛ ❡ ✟ ✎ ✍ ✡ ✓ ✞ ❞ ☞ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✓ ❡ ✟ ☛
✴ ☛ ✴ ✎ ✉ ✟ ❞ ❞ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✟ ✠ ❣ ✌ ☞ ✠ ✞ ✍ ✑ ☛ ✓ ✏ ☛ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✑
☞ ☛ ♠ ✗ ☛ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✉ ✑ ☛ ✏ ✷ ❄ ✌ ☛ ✴ ✎ ✑ ✡ ❞ ✎ ✞ ☛ ❡ ✵ ✔ ✑ ✠ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✠ ✏ ✞ ✎ ☞
◗
✟ ✎ ✏ ☞
❘
✕ ❡ ✉ ☞ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✓ ✞ ✏ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✑ ☛ ❞ ✓ ✏ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✷ ❄ ✌ ✠ ✏
✑ ✓ ✠ ✏ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✞ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✞ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✌ ☛ ❡ ✟ ✎ ✍ ✡ ✓ ✞ ❞ ☞ ✌ ☛
☞ ✓ ❡ ✟ ☛ ✷ ■ ✞ ✴ ✠ ✞ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✕ ✠ ✞ ✎ ✑ ❞ ☛ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✔ ☛ ☛ ✟ ✴ ✓ ✑ ♠ ✕ ✴ ☛
❣ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ❡ ✵ ✒ ✠ ❣ ✎ ✑ ✎ ✉ ✏ ✟ ✵ ✑ ✉ ❡ ❡ ✠ ✞ ❣ ✎ ✉ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✟ ♠ ✏
☞ ✎ ❣ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✷ ✸ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✓ ✟ ✟ ✏ ☛ ☛ ✟ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✓ ☞ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✞ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✞ ✓ ✟
☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✓ ☞ ☛ ❞ ✴ ✠ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✓ ✏ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✏ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✞
✑ ✓ ✞ ❞ ✎ ♠ ✕ ♠ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✔ ♠ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✉ ✟ ☛ ✏ ✷ ✇ r ✉ ✓ ✞ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✠ ❞ ☛ ✓
✎ ✔ ☞ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✑ ✓ ✞ ✏ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✠ ✏ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✓ ✠ ✞ ☛ ❞ ❡ ✵
✞ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✞ ❣ ☞ ✌ ✓ ☞ ❚ ✡ ❣ ✎ ✔ ✴ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✑ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✓ ❡ ✎ ✉ ☞ ❯ ❳ ❨ ❨ ❨ ❩
✎ ✔ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✴ ✌ ☛ ✞ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✟ ✏ ❡ ✵ ❚ ❨
➦
❬ ✷
✻ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ❭ ❖ ❪
✼
❫ ❴ ❵
✽
❛ ✪ ❜
✼
❤❥ ❦
❙ ✞ ☛ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✌ ☛ ❣ ✑ ☛ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✏ ☞ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ☛ ♠ ☛ ✞ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✔
✌ ✉ ♠ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✞ ❞ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✉ ✑ ✑ ☛ ❞ ✴ ✌ ☛ ✞ ✴ ☛ ❞ ✠ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✑ ☛ ❞ ✌ ✎ ✴
☞ ✎ ✠ ❣ ✞ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✞ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✟ ✔ ✠ ✑ ☛ ✷ ✸ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✑ ✞ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✉ ❡ ☞ ✴ ✎
✔ ✟ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✞ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✎ ❣ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✹ ♠ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✺ ✕ ❣ ✎ ☞
☞ ✌ ☛ ♠ ☞ ✎ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✉ ✗ ✓ ✞ ❞ ☞ ✎ ✠ ❣ ✞ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✓ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✔ ❞ ✑ ✵ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✒ ☛ ✏
✹ ✍ ✌ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✺ ✕ ✴ ✌ ✠ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✞ ✗ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✠ ❞ ☛ ❞
✏ ✉ ✏ ☞ ✓ ✠ ✞ ☛ ❞ ✴ ✓ ✑ ♠ ☞ ✌ ✷ ✇ ♠ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✠ ✍ ✡ ✠ ❣ ✞ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✏ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✓
❡ ✑ ✠ ❣ ✌ ☞ ✔ ✟ ✓ ♠ ☛ ✴ ✌ ☛ ✞ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✉ ✍ ✡ ✓ ❣ ✓ ✠ ✞ ✏ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✗ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✓ ✟ ✟ ✵
✗ ✑ ☛ ✗ ✓ ✑ ☛ ❞ ✍ ✌ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✏ ✉ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✍ ☛ ✷ ❄ ✌ ☛ ✟ ✠ ❣ ✌ ☞ ☛ ❞
♠ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✠ ✍ ✡ ✕ ✴ ✌ ☛ ✞ ✓ ✗ ✗ ✟ ✠ ☛ ❞ ☞ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✠ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✕
✑ ☛ ✏ ✉ ✟ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✞ ✓ ✏ ✗ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✉ ✟ ✓ ✑ ❞ ✠ ✏ ✗ ✟ ✓ ✵ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✉ ✞ ❞ ✓ ✞ ❞
✟ ✠ ❣ ✌ ☞ ✷
❬✌ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✓ ✑ ✠ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✎ ♠ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✓ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✓ ☞ ☞ ✌ ☛
♠ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✉ ✟ ☛ ✏ ✗ ✓ ✑ ☞ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✗ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✞ ❣ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✌ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✑ ☛ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞
✌ ✓ ✒ ☛ ❞ ✠ ✔ ✔ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✞ ☞ ❡ ✠ ✞ ❞ ✠ ✞ ❣ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✷ ✇ ✏ ☞ ✓ ❡ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✌ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟
✍ ✎ ♠ ✗ ✎ ✉ ✞ ❞ ✌ ✓ ✏ ✟ ☛ ✏ ✏ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✞ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✓ ☞ ☛ ❞ ✗ ✓ ✑ ☞ ✏ ✷
✇ ✍ ✌ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✑ ☛ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✠ ✏ ❡ ✓ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✟ ✵ ✓ ✑ ☛ ✓ ✑ ✑ ✓ ✞ ❣ ☛ ♠ ☛ ✞ ☞
✎ ✔ ✓ ☞ ✎ ♠ ✏ ✷ ■ ✔ ☞ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✞ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✏ ♠ ✎ ✑ ☛
☞ ✌ ✓ ✞ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✗ ✑ ✎ ❞ ✉ ✍ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✕ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✏ ☛ ❞
✓ ✞ ❞ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✠ ✏ ✏ ✓ ✠ ❞ ☞ ✎ ❡ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✼ ❧ ♣ ✾
❪
✼
❤❫ ❴ ❵
✑ ☛ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✷ ■ ✔ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✏ ☛ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✉ ☛ ✕ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✏ ✓ ❡ ✏ ✎ ✑ ❡ ☛ ❞ ✓ ✞ ❞
☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✠ ✏ ✼
❜
q ♣ ✾
❪
✼
❤❫ ❴ ❵
✳ ❬✎ ✓ ✟ ✍ ✎ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✔
✍ ✓ ✑ ❡ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✞ ❞ ✓ ✡ ✠ ✟ ✎ ❣ ✑ ✓ ♠ ✎ ✔ ✠ ☞ ✴ ✌ ☛ ✞ ❡ ✉ ✑ ✞ ☞ ✑ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✏ ☛ ✏
s × ❚ ❨
t
❩ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✷
❬ ✌ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✓ ☞ ☛ ❞ ✴ ✠ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✏
☞ ✌ ✓ ☞ ❣ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✓ ❡ ✠ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✵ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✉ ❡ ✏ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✷ ❄ ✌ ☛ ✏ ☛
✔ ✎ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✞ ❞ ✓ ☞ ✎ ♠ ✏ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✎ ♠ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✉ ✟ ☛ ✏ ✕ ♠ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✉ ✟ ☛ ✏ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✎
✗ ✎ ✟ ✵ ♠ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✕ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✷ ❄ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✌ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵
✓ ✑ ✠ ✏ ✠ ✞ ❣ ✔ ✑ ✎ ♠ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✎ ♠ ❡ ✉ ✏ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✟ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✞ ❣ ❣ ✓ ✏ ✕
✴ ✎ ✎ ❞ ✓ ✞ ❞ ✗ ☛ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✉ ♠ ✠ ✏ ✠ ✞ ❞ ✠ ✏ ✗ ☛ ✞ ✏ ✓ ❡ ✟ ☛ ☞ ✎ ✎ ✉ ✑ ❞ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✵
☛ ✿ ✠ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✷
✻ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ② ✪ ❛
✼
❵
✾
❤❴ ❵
✽
❛ ✪ ❜
✼
❤❥ ❦
❄ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✴ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✍ ✉ ✑ ✑ ☛ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✉ ✏ ☛ ✏ ❡ ✉ ✟ ❡ ✏ ☞ ✎
❣ ✟ ✎ ✴ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✞ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✎ ☞ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ❞ ❡ ☛ ✟ ✟ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✠ ✞ ❣ ✷ ❄ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✓ ✑ ☛
✟ ✓ ✴ ✏ ❣ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✞ ✠ ✞ ❣ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ☞ ✑ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✞ ❞ ✑ ☛ ✗ ✉ ✟ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✔
✍ ✌ ✓ ✑ ❣ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✞ ❞ ✍ ✉ ✑ ✑ ☛ ✞ ☞ ✏ ✕ ✴ ✌ ✠ ✍ ✌ ✴ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✓ ✟ ✟ ✟ ☛ ✓ ✑ ✞
✟ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✷ ❊ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✓ ☞ ☛ ❞ ✴ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✞ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✠ ✍
✍ ✉ ✑ ✑ ☛ ✞ ☞ ✷ ✇ ✞ ✉ ✑ ❡ ✓ ✞ ■ ✞ ❞ ✠ ✓ ✞ ✌ ✎ ✉ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✎ ✟ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✞ ✏ ✉ ♠ ☛ ✏
✓ ❡ ✎ ✉ ☞ ❳ ❨ ❨ ❩ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✗ ☛ ✑ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✞ ❞ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✞ ✓ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✓ ❣ ☛ ✷
✻ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙
③
✯ ❪
✼
✪
④ ⑤
❴
⑥ ✽
❛
✼
❜ ❵
✼ ♣ ⑦
✩
✽ ⑧ ⑧ ✽
❜
q
✪ ❜
✼
❤❥ ❦
❄ ✠ ✟ ✟ ☞ ✌ ☛ ☛ ✞ ❞ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✞ ☛ ☞ ☛ ☛ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✞ ☞ ✉ ✑ ✵ ✕ ✗ ✌ ✵ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✏
❡ ☛ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✒ ☛ ❞ ☞ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✵ ✗ ✌ ✵ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✓ ✞ ❞ ✍ ✌ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟
✗ ✑ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✏ ✕ ☞ ✌ ☛ ♠ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✓ ✞ ✠ ✏ ✎ ✟ ✓ ☞ ☛ ❞ ✏ ✵ ✏ ☞ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✏
✍ ✎ ✞ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✒ ☛ ❞ ✷ ⑨ ✓ ☞ ☞ ☛ ✑ ♠ ✠ ❣ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✞ ❣ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✗ ✌ ✓ ✏ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✷ ❣ ✷
❣ ✟ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✓ ✟ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✉ ✟ ❞ ♠ ☛ ✟ ☞ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✓ ❣ ✉ ✏ ✌ ✠ ✞ ❣ ✏ ☞ ✑ ☛ ✓ ♠ ✕ ❡ ✉ ☞
♠ ✓ ☞ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✏ ✞ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✍ ✑ ☛ ✓ ☞ ☛ ❞ ✞ ✎ ✑ ❞ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✎ ✵ ☛ ❞ ♦ ✇ ✟ ❡ ☛ ✑ ☞
❊ ✠ ✞ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✞ ✹ ❚
⑩ ❶ ❷
❆ ❚
❷ ❸ ❸
✺ ✌ ✎ ✴ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✴ ☛ ❞ ☞ ✌ ✓ ☞ ♠ ✓ ✏ ✏
✓ ✞ ❞ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✓ ✑ ☛ ☛ r ✉ ✠ ✒ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✞ ☞ ✓ ✞ ❞ ✓ ✑ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✟ ✓ ☞ ☛ ❞ ❡ ✵
☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✟ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞
❹ ❺ ❁ ❻
❼
✹ ❽ ✷ ❳ ❨ ✺
✴ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ❻ ✕ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✗ ☛ ☛ ❞ ✎ ✔ ✟ ✠ ❣ ✌ ☞ ✠ ✞ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✉ ✉ ♠ ✠ ✏
✓ ✗ ✗ ✑ ✎ ✿ ✠ ♠ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✵ s × ❚ ❨
❾
♠ ✏
➊ ❿
✷ ❄ ✌ ✉ ✏ ✕ ✓ ✏ ☞ ✓ ❣ ❣ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✞ ❣
✓ ♠ ✎ ✉ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ❣ ✵ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✓ ☞ ☛ ❞ ✴ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✓ ♠ ☛ ✑ ☛
✡ ✠ ✟ ✎ ❣ ✑ ✓ ♠ ✎ ✔ ♠ ✓ ☞ ☞ ☛ ✑
❹
➀
❚ × ✹ s × ❚ ❨
❾
✺
❼
❩ ❺
❷
× ❚ ❨
❿ ➁
❩ ✷
❄ ✌ ✠ ✏ ✠ ✏ ☛ r ✉ ✠ ✒ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✞ ☞ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✞ ✉ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✎ ✉ ☞ ✗ ✉ ☞
✎ ✔ ✓ ✟ ✓ ✑ ❣ ☛ ✹ s ❨ ❨ ❨ ⑨ ✸ ✺ ✗ ✎ ✴ ☛ ✑ ❣ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✞ ❣ ✏ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✷
✻ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✙ ➂ ✫
⑤
❵ ❛
✼ ✽
❤ ✪ ❜
✼
❤❥ ❦
❄ ✌ ☛ ♠ ✎ ✏ ☞ ❞ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✉ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✴ ☛ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✞ ✏ ♠ ✓ ❞ ☛ ❡ ✵ ♠ ✓ ✞ ✕ ☞ ✌ ☛
✔ ✠ ✏ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✓ ✞ ❞ ✔ ✉ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✞ ❡ ✎ ♠ ❡ ✏ ✓ ✑ ☛ ♠ ✓ ✞ ✠ ✔ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✏ ✎ ✔
❲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ☎ ✁ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✆ ✠ ✡   ❲ ☎ ✁ ✶ ☛ ☞
t ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✎ ✛ ✛ ✎ ✗ ✜ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✓ ✧
✭ ★ ✧ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✧ ✮ ✗ t ✌ ✍ ✑ t ✌ ✍ ✢ ✌ ✎ ✗ ✜ t ✌ ✍ ✍ ✯ ✰ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✎ t ✕ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✙ t ✌ ✍
✖ ✕ ✙ ✍ ❧ ✗ ✑ ✔ ✢ ✕ ✛ ✌ ✕ ✗ ✣ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✑ ✔ t ✰ ✔ t ✑ ✙ t ✌ ✍ ✛ ✔ ✗ ✕ ✛ ✎ ✖ ✛ ✑
✏ ✎ ✛ ✍ ✜ ✑ ✗ t ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✎ t ✕ ✑ ✗ ✧ ❜ ✗ t ✌ ✕ ✛ ✘ ✎ ✛ ✍
✍ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✘ t ✕ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✤ ✙ ✑ ✔ ✢ ✖ ✕ ✣ ✌ t ✌ ✤ ✜ ✢ ✑ ✣ ✍ ✗ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✕ ✙ ✔ ✛ ✍ t ✑ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✚
✎ ✌ ✍ ✖ ✕ ✔ ✚ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✛ ❛ ✌ ✑ ✛ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✛ ✛ ✕ ✛ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✛ t ✌ ✎ ✗ t ✌ ✍
✛ ✔ ✚ ✑ ✙ t ✌ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✛ ✛ ✍ ✛ ✑ ✙ t ✌ ✍ ✢ ✍ ✎ ✘ t ✎ ✗ t ✛ ✧ s ✌ ✕ ✛ ✚ ✎ ✛ ✛
✜ ✕ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✢ ✍ ✗ ✘ ✍ ❞ ✘ ✎ ✖ ✖ ✍ ✜ t ✌ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✛ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✙ ✍ ✘ t ✱♠ ✕ ✛ t ✌ ✍
✛ ✑ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✙ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✭ ✱♠ ✫ ❝
✷
✧ ❜ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✛ ✛ ✕ ✑ ✗ ❞ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✤
✗ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✕ ♥ ✍ ✔ ✢ ✎ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✚
❯
✲ ✳ ✴
✾ ✲
❞ ✕ ✛ ✛ ✰ ✖ ✕ t ✏ ✤ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✔ t ✢ ✑ ✗
✕ ✗ t ✑ ✖ ✕ ✣ ✌ t ✍ ✢ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✕ ✧ ✮ ✗ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✣ ✎ ✕ ✗ t ✌ ✍ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✎ ✖ ✚ ✎ ✛ ✛ ✕ ✛
✖ ✍ ✛ ✛ t ✌ ✎ ✗ t ✌ ✍ ✕ ✗ ✕ t ✕ ✎ ✖ ✚ ✎ ✛ ✛ ✎ ✗ ✜ t ✌ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✛ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✢ ✍ ✗ ✘ ✍
t ✢ ✎ ✗ ✛ ✖ ✎ t ✍ ✛ ✕ ✗ t ✑ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✣ ✤ ❞ ❛ ✌ ✕ ✘ ✌ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✏ ✍ t ✎ ✰ ✰ ✍ ✜ t ✑
✰ ✢ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✜ ✍ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✘ t ✢ ✕ ✘ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✎ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✢ ✰ ✑ ❛ ✍ ✢
✰ ✖ ✎ ✗ t ✛ ✭ ✘ ✑ ✗ t ✢ ✑ ✖ ✖ ✍ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✛ ✛ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✫ ✑ ✢ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✏ ✍
✍ ✚ ✰ ✖ ✑ ✤ ✍ ✜ ✕ ✗ ✚ ✎ ♥ ✕ ✗ ✣ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✢ ❛ ✍ ✎ ✰ ✑ ✗ ✛
✭ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✗ t ✢ ✑ ✖ ✖ ✍ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✛ ✛ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✫ ✧ ✵ t ✢ ✕ ✘ t ✖ ✤ ❞ t ✌ ✍ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✣ ✤
✱
❊
✢ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✛ ✍ ✜ ✕ ✗ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✍ ✚ ✕ ✘ ✎ ✖ ✢ ✍ ✎ ✘ t ✕ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✏ ✍
✢ ✍ ✖ ✎ t ✍ ✜ t ✑ t ✌ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✛ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✙ ✍ ✘ t ✱ ♠
✸
✱
❊ ✹
❝
✷
✺ ❍
✑ ❛ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✢ ❞
✙ ✑ ✢ ✎ ✘ ✌ ✍ ✚ ✕ ✘ ✎ ✖ ✢ ✍ ✎ ✘ t ✕ ✑ ✗ ❞ t ✌ ✕ ✛ ✚ ✎ ✛ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✙ ✍ ✘ t ✕ ✛ ✚ ✔ ✘ ✌
✛ ✚ ✎ ✖ ✖ ✍ ✢ t ✌ ✎ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✎ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✢ ✢ ✍ ✎ ✘ t ✕ ✑ ✗ ✧ s ✎ ✏ ✖ ✍ ★ ✧ ✻
✖ ✕ ✛ t ✛ t ✌ ✍ t ✑ t ✎ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✣ ✕ ✍ ✛ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✢ ✕ ✍ t ✤ ✑ ✙ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✗ t ✛ ✎ ✗ ✜
✰ ✌ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✚ ✍ ✗ ✎ ✧
❚ ✼ ✽ ✿❀ ❁ ❂❃ ❆ ❄ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❉ ❋ ✼ ● ❀ ❀ ■ ❀ ❅ ❏ ❑ ✼ ▲ ▲ ❇ ▼ ❉ ✼ ● ❀ ◆ ❖ ❉ ● P ◗ ✼ ❅ ❉ ❇ ❘ ▲ ❄ P❀ ■ ❇ ❋ ❀ ■ ✼
❙ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ✦ ✯ ✎ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✍ s ✎ ✏ ✖ ✍ ✛ ★ ✧ ❡ ❧ ★ ✧ ✻
✎ ✗ ✜ ✍ ✯ ✰ ✢ ✍ ✛ ✛ ✭ ✎ ✫ s ✌ ✍ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✢ ✍ ✜ t ✑
✏ ✢ ✍ ✎ ♥ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✜ ✕ ✗ ❢ ❣ ❤ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✐ ❥ ✭ ✏ ✫ s ✌ ✍
♥ ✕ ✗ ✍ t ✕ ✘ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✕ ✢ ✚ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✍ ✭ ❡ ✪
➋ ❦ ♦
♣ ✫
✕ ✗ ✍ ✐ ❥ ✭ ✘ ✫ s ✌ ✍ ✜ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✕ ✗ t ✎ ♥ ✍ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✚ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✜ ✔ ✖ t
✕ ✗ ♥ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✖ ✑ ✢ ✕ ✍ ✛ ✧
q r ✉ ✈ ❭ ✇ ✭ ✎ ✫ ✦ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✢ ✍ ✜ t ✑ ✏ ✢ ✍ ✎ ♥ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✜
✑ ✙ ❢ ❣❤ ✕ ✛
 
① ②
③ ④
⑤ ⑥ ⑦
⑧
⑥ ⑨ ⑥ ⑩ ❶ ❷
⑤ ⑨ ⑩ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦
❸
❶ ❷
❾
❾
×
❛ ✌ ✍ ✢ ✍ t ✌ ✍ ✛ ✤ ✚ ✏ ✑ ✖
❹ ❺ ❻
✛ t ✎ ✗ ✜ ✛ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✎ ✰ ✰ ✢ ✑ ✯ ✕ ✚ ✎ t ✍ ✧
❣ ✑ t ✍ ✪ ✧ ❡ ✍ ✐
❼
❡ ✪ ✪ ✚ ✍ ✐ ✭ ❡ ✪ ✪ ✚ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✘ t ✢ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✑ ✖ t ✫ ✧
✭ ✏ ✫ s ✌ ✍ ♥ ✕ ✗ ✍ t ✕ ✘ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✕ ✢ ✚ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✍ ✕ ✛
 
①
③
③ ④
⑤ ⑥ ⑦
⑧
⑥ ⑨ ⑥ ⑥ ⑩
❽
❶ ❷
⑤ ⑨ ⑩ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦
❸
❶ ❷
❾
❾
×
s ✌ ✕ ✛ ✕ ✛ t ✌ ✍ ✛ ✎ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✛ ★ ✧ ✩ ✚ ✍ ✐ ✧
✭ ✘ ✫ s ✌ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✢ ✎ ✣ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✚ ✎ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✛ ✔ ✚ ✰ t ✕ ✑ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✎ ✜ ✎ ✤ ✕ ✛
7
 
❿
➀ ➁ ➂
➃
➄ ➅ ➁ ➁ ➆ ➇ ➈ ➉
➅
➊
➄
➌
➀ ➁ ➂
➍
➆ ➇ ➈ ➉
➎
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
❲ ❡ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✎ ✟ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✍ ❡ ✞ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✍ ✑ ❡ ✌ ☛ ❡ ✒
❜ ✓
✡ ❡
✔
✏ ✞ ✌ ✞ ❡ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✌
✕
✌
✖
✠ ✡ ❡ ✏
✗ ✘ ✙
❡
✓
✎ ❡ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✡
❢
✟ ✟ ✒
✚
✌
✛
☞ ❡ ✏ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✌
✛
✟ ✑ ✠ ❡ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✑
✕
❡ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✟ ✑ ❡ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✍ ☛
✒ ✠ ❡ ☛ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✌ ❞ ❡ ☛ ✟
❜
❡
✛
✟
✔
✜ ✢ ✣ ✣ ✍ ✌
✛
✟ ✑ ✠ ❡ ✏
✗
❲
✙
✌ ☛ ☛
✙
❡
✓
✏
✙
✟ ☞
✛
✒
❜
❡ ✏ ✌
✓
✠ ✡
✕
✠ ✏ ❞ ✠
✛
✟ ✍ ✌
✛
✟ ✑ ✠ ❡ ✏
s
❞ ✍ ✌
✛ ✤
✌ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✟ ☛
✍ ✌
✛
✟ ✑ ✠ ❡ ✏
✗
❝ ✞ ❡ ✑ ✏ ✟ ✡ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✠ ✡
✕
✜ ✢ ✣ ✣ ✍ ✌
✛
✟ ✑ ✠ ❡ ✏ ✌
✒ ✌
✓ ✔
✠
✛ ✛
✏ ✟ ✟ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✑
✚
❡ ☛ ✟ ✒ ❡ ✌ ☛
✙ ✥ ✦ ❢
✟ ✟ ✒ ✍ ✌
✛
✟ ✑ ✠ ❡ ✠ ✏
✦
❞ ✍ ✌
✛ ✗ ✧
✻ ★ ✩ ✪ ★ ✻ ❚ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✯ ✲ ✳ ✬ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✴ ✰ ✸ ✬ ✮ ✹ ✺ ✼ ✯ ✴ ✰ ✴ ✵
❊ ✰ ✬ ✮ ✽ ✾
❲ ❡
✙
✌
✚
❡ ✏ ❡ ❡ ✡ ☛
✙
✌ ☛ ☛
✙
❡ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✌
✛
✎ ❡ ✍
✙
✌ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✌
✛
❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✟
❢
☛
✙
❡ ✏
✓
✏ ☛ ❡ ✎ ✠ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✏ ❡ ✑
✚
❡ ✒ ✠
❢
☛
✙
❡
❢
✟ ✑ ✍ ❡ ✏ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✡
✕ ✔
✟ ✑ ❞
✟ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✑ ❡ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✏ ❡ ✑
✚
✌ ☛ ✠
✚
❡
✗ ♦ ❢
✏ ✟ ✎ ❡ ✟
❢
☛
✙
❡
❢
✟ ✑ ✍ ❡ ✏
✠ ✡
✚
✟
✛ ✚
❡ ✒ ✌ ✑ ❡ ✡ ✟ ✡ ✐ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✏ ❡ ✑
✚
✌ ☛ ✠
✚
❡ ✿ ✞ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✟
❢
☛
✙
❡
✎ ❡ ✍
✙
✌ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✌
✛
❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✎ ✌
✓ ✕
❡ ☛ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✏
❢
✟ ✑ ✎ ❡ ✒ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✟
✟ ☛
✙
❡ ✑
❢
✟ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✏ ☞ ✍
✙
✌ ✏
✙
❡ ✌ ☛ ✿
✛
✠
✕ ✙
☛ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✟ ☞ ✡ ✒
✗
❍ ✟
✔
❡
✚
❡ ✑ ✿ ☛
✙
❡ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✌
✛
❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✟
❢
✌ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✟
✛
✌ ☛ ❡ ✒ ✏
✓
✏ ☛ ❡ ✎
✒ ✟ ❡ ✏ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✍
✙
✌ ✡
✕
❡ ✿ ✌ ✏
✛
✟ ✡
✕
✌ ✏ ✟ ✡ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✟ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✏
❢
✟ ✑ ✌
✛ ✛
❢
✟ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✟
❢
❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓ ✗ ❀
✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✎ ✌
✓ ❜
❡ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✏
❢
✟ ✑ ✎ ❡ ✒
❢
✑ ✟ ✎
✟ ✡ ❡
❢
✟ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✟ ✌ ✡ ✟ ☛
✙
❡ ✑
❜
☞ ☛ ☛
✙
❡ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✌
✛
❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✟
❢
✌ ✡
✠ ✏ ✟
✛
✌ ☛ ❡ ✒ ✏
✓
✏ ☛ ❡ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✎ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☛
✗ ❀
✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✍ ✌ ✡
✡ ❡ ✠ ☛
✙
❡ ✑
❜
❡ ✍ ✑ ❡ ✌ ☛ ❡ ✒ ✿ ✡ ✟ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✟
✓
❡ ✒
✗
❙ ✠ ✡ ✍ ❡ ☛
✙
❡ ☞ ✡ ✠
✚
❡ ✑ ✏ ❡ ✌ ✏ ✌
✔ ✙
✟
✛
❡ ✎ ✌
✓ ❜
❡
✚
✠ ❡
✔
❡ ✒
✌ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✟
✛
✌ ☛ ❡ ✒ ✏
✓
✏ ☛ ❡ ✎ ✿ ☛
✙
❡ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✌
✛
❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✟
❢
☛
✙
❡
☞ ✡ ✠
✚
❡ ✑ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☛
✗ ♦ ❢
✟ ✡ ❡ ✞ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✟
❢
☛
✙
❡ ☞ ✡ ✠
✚
❡ ✑ ✏ ❡
✛
✟ ✏ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✿ ✌ ✡ ✟ ☛
✙
❡ ✑ ✞ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✎ ☞ ✏ ☛
✕
✌ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✡ ❡
❧
☞ ✌
✛
✌ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✟
❢
❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓ ✗
✘ ✙
❡ ✞ ✑ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✠ ✞
✛
❡ ✟
❢
✍ ✟ ✡ ✏ ❡ ✑
✚
✌ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟
❢
❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✍ ✌ ✡ ✡ ✟ ☛
❜
❡ ✞ ✑ ✟
✚
❡ ✒
✗
❍ ✟
✔
❡
✚
❡ ✑ ✿ ✡ ✟
✚
✠ ✟
✛
✌ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟
❢
☛
✙
✠ ✏ ✞ ✑ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✠ ✞
✛
❡
✙
✌ ✏
❜
❡ ❡ ✡ ✟
❜
✏ ❡ ✑
✚
❡ ✒
✗ ✘ ✙
❡ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✍ ❡ ✞ ☛ ✟
❢
✍ ✟ ✡ ✏ ❡ ✑
✚
✌ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✡
✌ ✡ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✏
❢
✟ ✑ ✎ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟
❢
❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✠ ✡ ☛ ✟
✚
✌ ✑ ✠ ✟ ☞ ✏
❢
✟ ✑ ✎ ✏
✛
✠ ✡ ❞ ✏ ☛ ✟
✕
❡ ☛
✙
❡ ✑
✚
✌ ✑ ✠ ✟ ☞ ✏
❜
✑ ✌ ✡ ✍
✙
❡ ✏ ✟
❢
✞
✙ ✓
✏ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✿
✍
✙
❡ ✎ ✠ ✏ ☛ ✑
✓
✌ ✡ ✒
✛
✠
❢
❡ ✏ ✍ ✠ ❡ ✡ ✍ ❡ ✏
✗ ♦
☛ ✞ ✑ ✟
✚
✠ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✌
☞ ✡ ✠
❢ ✓
✠ ✡
✕
✿ ❡ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✠ ✡
✕
❡
✛
❡ ✎ ❡ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✟ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✠ ❡ ✡ ☛ ✠
❢
✠ ✍
✞ ☞ ✑ ✏ ☞ ✠ ☛ ✏
✗
♣ ✑ ✟ ✎ ❡ ✡
✕
✠ ✡ ❡ ❡ ✑ ✠ ✡
✕
✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✟
❢ ✚
✠ ❡
✔
✌
✛ ✛
❡
✛
❡ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✿ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✎ ☞ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✎ ❡ ✍
✙
✌ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✌
✛
✒ ❡
✚
✠ ✍ ❡ ✏ ✑ ❡
✛ ✓
✟ ✡ ✏ ✟ ✎ ❡
❢
✟ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✟
❢
❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
☛ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✏
❢
✟ ✑ ✎ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✡
✗
✻ ★ ✩ ✩ ✭
❁ ❂
❊
❃
❖
❢
☛ ❡ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✠ ✡ ☛ ❡ ✑ ❡ ✏ ☛ ✠ ✡
✕
☛ ✟ ❞ ✡ ✟
✔
✡ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✡
✛ ✓
☛
✙
❡
✔
✟ ✑ ❞
✒ ✟ ✡ ❡ ✟ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✟
❜
❄ ❡ ✍ ☛ ✿
❜
☞ ☛ ✌
✛
✏ ✟ ☛
✙
❡ ✑ ✌ ☛ ❡ ✌ ☛
✔ ✙
✠ ✍
✙
☛
✙
✠ ✏
✔
✟ ✑ ❞ ✠ ✏ ✒ ✟ ✡ ❡
✗
❲ ❡ ✏ ✌
✓
✌ ✞ ❡ ✑ ✏ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✞
✙ ✓
✏ ✠ ✍ ✌
✛ ✛ ✓
❢
✠ ☛ ✠
❢ ✙
❡ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✡
✛ ✓
✍
✛
✠ ✎
❜
✏
❢
✟ ☞ ✑
❢ ✛
✟ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✟
❢
✌
❜
☞ ✠
✛
✒ ✠ ✡
✕
❜
☞ ☛ ✍
✛
✠ ✎
❜
✏ ☛
✙
❡ ✎
❢
✌ ✏ ☛
✗ ✭ ✴
❅
✬ ✮
✠ ✏ ✒ ❡
❢
✠ ✡ ❡ ✒ ✌ ✏ ☛
✙
❡
☛ ✠ ✎ ❡ ✑ ✌ ☛ ❡ ✌ ☛
✔ ✙
✠ ✍
✙ ✔
✟ ✑ ❞ ✠ ✏ ✒ ✟ ✡ ❡ ✟ ✑ ❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✠ ✏
☛ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✏
❢
❡ ✑ ✑ ❡ ✒
✗
✘ ✙
❡ ✌
✚
❡ ✑ ✌
✕
❡ ✞ ✟
✔
❡ ✑ ✟
❢
✌
❢
✟ ✑ ✍ ❡ ✠ ✏ ✒ ❡
❢
✠ ✡ ❡ ✒ ✌ ✏ ☛
✙
❡
✑ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✟
❢
☛
✙
❡
✔
✟ ✑ ❞ ✿ ❆ ✿ ☛ ✟ ☛
✙
❡ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✌
✛
☛ ✠ ✎ ❡ t ☛ ✌ ❞ ❡ ✡
❇
❈
❉
❛ ❋
●
✘ ✙
❡ ✠ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✟ ☞ ✏ ✞ ✟
✔
❡ ✑ ✠ ✏ ✒ ❡
❢
✠ ✡ ❡ ✒ ✌ ✏ ☛
✙
❡
✛
✠ ✎ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✡
✕ ✚
✌
✛
☞ ❡ ✟
❢
☛
✙
❡ ✌
✚
❡ ✑ ✌
✕
❡ ✞ ✟
✔
❡ ✑ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✠ ✎ ❡
✠ ✡ ☛ ❡ ✑
✚
✌
✛
✌ ✞ ✞ ✑ ✟ ✌ ✍
✙
❡ ✏
✖
❡ ✑ ✟ ✿
■
■
❈
❇
❉
●
s
❏
✗
✜
✦ ✤
✘ ✙
❡
✔
✟ ✑ ❞ ❑ ❆ ✒ ✟ ✡ ❡
❜ ✓
✌
❢
✟ ✑ ✍ ❡ ♣
❢
✟ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✠ ✏ ✞
✛
✌ ✍ ❡ ✎ ❡ ✡ ☛
❑
✮
✠ ✏ ❑ ❆ ▲ ▼
★
❑
✮ ✗ ✘ ✙
❡ ✠ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✟ ☞ ✏ ✞ ✟
✔
❡ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✡
✌
✛
✏ ✟
❜
❡ ❡ ◆ ✞ ✑ ❡ ✏ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✌ ✏
■
■
❇
❉
●
◗ ❘
r
❯ ▼
★ ✹ s
❏
✗
✜ ✜
✤
✔ ✙
❡ ✑ ❡
✹
✠ ✏ ☛
✙
❡ ✠ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✟ ☞ ✏
✚
❡
✛
✟ ✍ ✠ ☛
✓ ✔ ✙
❡ ✡ ☛
✙
❡
❢
✟ ✑ ✍ ❡ ✠ ✏ ▼
✗
❱
✟
✔
❡ ✑ ✿
✛
✠ ❞ ❡
✔
✟ ✑ ❞ ✌ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✿ ✠ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✌
✛
✌ ✑
❧
☞ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✠ ☛
✓ ✗ ♦
☛ ✏ ✒ ✠ ✎ ❡ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✑ ❡ q ❳ ❨
❩
✘
➊ ❬
❪
✗ ♦
✡ ☛
✙
❡ ❙
♦
✿
✠ ☛ ✏ ☞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✍ ✌
✛ ✛
❡ ✒ ✌
✔
✌ ☛ ☛
s
❲
✤ ✗ ✘ ✙
❡
✔
✌ ☛ ☛ ✠ ✏
✦
❭ ✏
➊ ❫
✗
✘ ✙
❡ ☞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✟
❢
✞ ✟
✔
❡ ✑ ✠ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✎ ❡ ✒ ✌
❢
☛ ❡ ✑ ❭ ✌ ✎ ❡ ✏ ❲ ✌ ☛ ☛ ✿
✟ ✡ ❡ ✟
❢
☛
✙
❡ ✠ ✡ ✡ ✟
✚
✌ ☛ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✟
❢
☛
✙
❡ ✏ ☛ ❡ ✌ ✎ ❡ ✡
✕
✠ ✡ ❡ ✠ ✡ ☛
✙
❡
❡ ✠
✕ ✙
☛ ❡ ❡ ✡ ☛
✙
✍ ❡ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✑
✓ ✗
✘ ✙
❡ ✑ ❡ ✠ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✟ ☛
✙
❡ ✑ ☞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✟
❢
✞ ✟
✔
❡ ✑ ✿ ✡ ✌ ✎ ❡
✛ ✓
☛
✙
❡
✙
✟ ✑ ✏ ❡ ✐ ✞ ✟
✔
❡ ✑
s ✙
✞
✤
✦ ✙
✞
❴ ❵
✢ ❏ ❲
✘ ✙
✠ ✏ ☞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✏ ☛ ✠
✛ ✛
☞ ✏ ❡ ✒ ☛ ✟ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✠
❜
❡ ☛
✙
❡ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✞ ☞ ☛ ✟
❢
✌ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✟
❜
✠
✛
❡ ✏ ✿ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✑
❜
✠ ❞ ❡ ✏ ✿ ❡ ☛ ✍
✗
❲ ❡ ❡ ✡ ✍ ✟ ☞ ✡ ☛ ❡ ✑ ☛
✙
❡ ☞ ✡ ✠ ☛
✔
✌ ☛ ☛
✔ ✙
❡ ✡
✔
❡
❜
☞
✓
❡
✛
❡ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✍ ✌
✛ ✕
✟ ✟ ✒ ✏ ✏ ☞ ✍
✙
✌ ✏
❜
☞
✛ ❜
✏ ✿
✙
❡ ✌ ☛ ❡ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✒
✑ ❡
❢
✑ ✠
✕
❡ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✟ ✑ ✏
✗
❝
✦
✣ ✣
✔
✌ ☛ ☛
❜
☞
✛ ❜ ✔ ✙
✠ ✍
✙
✠ ✏ ✟ ✡
❢
✟ ✑
✦
✣
✙
✟ ☞ ✑ ✏ ☞ ✏ ❡ ✏
✦
❞ ✠
✛
✟
✔
✌ ☛ ☛
✙
✟ ☞ ✑
s
❞ ❲
✙ ✤
✟
❢
❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓ ✗
✦
✣ ✣
s ✔
✌ ☛ ☛
✤ × ✦
✣
s ✙
✟ ☞ ✑
✤
▲
✦
✣ ✣ ✣
✔
✌ ☛ ☛
✙
✟ ☞ ✑
▲
✦
❞ ✠
✛
✟
✔
✌ ☛ ☛
✙
✟ ☞ ✑
s
❞ ❲
✙ ✤
▲
✦
✣
❬
s
❲
✤ ×
❣ ❏ ✣ ✣
s
✏
✤
▲ ❣
✗
❏
× ✦
✣
❤
❭
❖ ☞ ✑ ❡
✛
❡ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✍ ✠ ☛
✓ ❜
✠
✛ ✛
✏ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✑
✓
☛
✙
❡ ❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✍ ✟ ✡ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✞ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✟
❢
❞ ❲
✙ ✗ ❥
✟ ☛ ❡ ☛
✙
✌ ☛ ❞ ❲
✙
✠ ✏
✌ ☞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✟
❢
❡ ✡ ❡ ✑
✕ ✓
✌ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✟
❢
✞ ✟
✔
❡ ✑
✗
❦ ♠ ♥ ✉ ✈ ✇ ① ② ③ ④ ④
❝ ✡ ❡
✛
❡
✚
✌ ☛ ✟ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✑
✓
✌
✎ ✌ ◆ ✠ ✎ ☞ ✎
✛
✟ ✌ ✒ ✟
❢ ✦ ⑤
✣ ✣ ❞
✕ s
❡
✛
❡
✚
✌ ☛ ✟ ✑
⑥
✞ ✌ ✏ ✏ ❡ ✡
✕
❡ ✑ ✏
✤
✠ ✏ ✎ ✟
✚
✠ ✡
✕
☞ ✞
✔
✠ ☛
✙
✌ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☛
✏ ✞ ❡ ❡ ✒ ✟
❢
✜ ✎ ✏
➊ ❫
✗ ✘ ✙
❡
❢
✑ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✌
✛ ❢
✟ ✑ ✍ ❡ ✟ ✞ ✞ ✟ ✏ ✠ ✡
✕
☛
✙
❡ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✣ ✣
❥ ✗ ⑦
❡ ☛ ❡ ✑ ✎ ✠ ✡ ❡ ☛
✙
❡
✎ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✟
✔
❡ ✑ ✒ ❡
✛
✠
✚
❡ ✑ ❡ ✒
❜ ✓
☛
✙
❡ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✑ ☛ ✟
☛
✙
❡ ❡
✛
❡
✚
✌ ☛ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✡
✔
✌ ☛ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✏
✔
❡
✛ ✛
✌ ✏ ✠ ✡
✙
✟ ✑ ✏ ❡
✞ ✟
✔
❡ ✑
✗
⑧
❲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ☎ ✁ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✆ ✠ ✡   ❲ ☎ ✁ ✶ ☛ ☞
❆ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ❚ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✛ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✓ ✢ ✓ ✣ ✘ ✜ ✕ ✙ ✤ ✥
❋ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ❋
❢
✦ ✭ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✬ × ✪ ✬ ✮ ✩ ✯ ✬ ✬ ✬ ✰ ✱ ✱ ✬ ✬ ✬ ✲
❚ ✒ ✓ ✳ ✕ ✜ ✕ ✙ ✳ ✴ ✥ ✜ ✥ ✴ ✵ ✵ ✢ ✷ ✓ ✗ ✕ ✴ ✸ ✒ ✵ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✙ ✜ ✕ ✹ ✘ ✢ ✘ ✗ ✛ ✓
✜ ✒ ✤ ✥ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✛ ✓ t ✺ ✓ ✗ ✛ ✓ ✻
P
✦
✼ ✽ ✾
✦ ✱ ✱ ✬ ✬ ✬ × ✱ ✦ ✯ ✯ ✬ ✬ ✬
✿
✦
❀ ❁ ✒ ✵ ❂
❃
✽
❄ ❅ ❈❇ ❉ ❉ ❊ ● ❊ ❇ ❍●
■ ✗ ✵ ✒ ✷ ✥ ✤ ✛ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✥ ✜ ✴ ✔ ✷ ✳ ✕ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗
✭
✛ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✸ ✓ ✤ ✗ ✵ ✕ ✥ ✤ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗
✮
t
❏ ✜ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✥ ✘ ✳ ✓ ✜ ✤ ✳ ✓ ✻ ✖ ✓ ✜ ✙ ✷ ✜ ✕ ✔ ✤ ✥ ✛ ✕ ✣ ✓ ✙ ✵ ✒ ✷ ✥ ✤ ✛ ✘ ✢
q ✴ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✜ ✤ ✓ ✥ ✻ ✖ ✒ ✤ ✛ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✜ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✸ ✓ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✵ ✒ ✷ ✥ ✤ ✛ ✘ ✢
✵ ✙ ✕ ✛ ✓ ✥ ✥ t ❚ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✘ ✖ ✥ ✕ ✚ ✳ ✕ ✳ ✓ ✗ ✜ ✴ ✳ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✸ ✷
✛ ✕ ✗ ✥ ✓ ✙ ✣ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✜ ✷ ✵ ✤ ✛ ✘ ✢ ✓ ❝ ✘ ✳ ✵ ✢ ✓ ✥ t ■ ✗ ✜ ✒ ✤ ✥
✥ ✓ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✓ ✥ ✒ ✘ ✢ ✢ ✘ ✵ ✵ ✢ ✷ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✢ ✘ ✖ ✥ ✜ ✕ ✘ ✛ ✕ ✳ ✳ ✕ ✗ ✢ ✷
✓ ✗ ✛ ✕ ✴ ✗ ✜ ✓ ✙ ✓ ✔ ✵ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✕ ✳ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✻ ✗ ✘ ✳ ✓ ✢ ✷ ✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✥ t
❙
✓ ✣ ✓ ✙ ✘ ✢ ✸ ✘ ✳ ✓ ✥ ✥ ✴ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✥ ✹ ✤ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✥ ✻ ✳ ✘ ✙ ✹ ✢ ✓ ✥ ✕ ✙
✛ ✘ ✙ ✙ ✕ ✳ ✤ ✗ ✣ ✕ ✢ ✣ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✥ t ✿ ✓ ✥ ✒ ✘ ✢ ✢ ✥ ✜ ✴ ✔ ✷ ✜ ✒ ✓
✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✕ ✳ ✘ ✥ ✥ ✓ ✥ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✤ ✔ ✓ ✘ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✳ t
❑
✕ ✗ ✥ ✤ ✔ ✓ ✙ ✜ ✖ ✕ ✳ ✘ ✥ ✥ ✓ ✥
✧
▲
✘ ✗ ✔
✧
▼
t ❚ ✒ ✓ ✵ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✢ ✓
✧
▲
✤ ✥ ✳ ✕ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✸ ✖ ✤ ✜ ✒ ✥ ✵ ✓ ✓ ✔
✈
▲ ◆
✻ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✥ ✴ ✹ ✥ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✵ ✜
❖ ✐➆
✤ ✳ ✵ ✢ ✷ ✤ ✗ ✸ ✤ ✗ ✤ ✜ ✤ ✘ ✢ t ✿ ✓ ✛ ✘ ✗ ✛ ✕ ✥ ✤ ✔ ✓ ✙
✧
▼
✜ ✕ ✹ ✓ ✘ ✜ ✙ ✓ ✥ ✜ t
✲
✕ ✢ ✕ ✥ ✥ ✕ ✚ ✸ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✘ ✢ ✤ ✜ ✷ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✗ ✣ ✕ ✢ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✗ ✳ ✘
◗
✤ ✗ ✸ ✥ ✴ ✛ ✒
✘ ✥ ✓ ✢ ✓ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗ t ■ ✗ ✜ ✒ ✤ ✥ ✥ ✤ ✜ ✴ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✳ ✘ ✥ ✥
✧
▲
✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✔ ✓ ✥ ✖ ✤ ✜ ✒ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✥ ✜ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✷ ✳ ✘ ✥ ✥
✧
▼
✘ ✗ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✤ ✥
✤ ✥ ✔ ✓ ✵ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✗
❘
✤ ✸ t
❯
t
✪ ✬
t
❱ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❩ ❭❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❵ ❛ ❜ ❛ ❴ ❞ ❴ ❡ ❣ ❤ ❜ ❜
✧
▲
❥ ❦ ❛ ❧ ♠ ❤ ❜ ❧❤ ❧ ❛ ❴ ❞ ❤ ♥ ♦ ❣ ❤ ❜ ❜
✧
▼
♣
❚ ✒ ✓ ✳ ✘ ✥ ✥ ✓ ✥
✧
r
✘ ✗ ✔
✧
s
✚ ✢ ✷ ✉ ✕ ✚ ✚ ✤ ✗ ✔ ✤ ✚ ✚ ✓ ✙ ✓ ✗ ✜
✔ ✤ ✙ ✓ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✥ t ✿ ✓ ✥ ✒ ✘ ✢ ✢ ✥ ✓ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✜ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✙ ✓ ✘ ✙ ✓
✙ ✓ ✢ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✥ ✒ ✤ ✵ ✥ ✻ ✖ ✒ ✤ ✛ ✒ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✗ ✓ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✳ ✘ ✥ ✥ ✓ ✥ ✻ ✜ ✒ ✓
✣ ✓ ✢ ✕ ✛ ✤ ✜ ✤ ✓ ✥ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✗ ✸ ✢ ✓ ✥ t
❃
✽
❄ ❅
✽
❄
✇ ① ② ③ ④⑤ ⑥ ② ⑦ ⑧
❊
⑦ ⑨ ① ② ③ ④⑤ ⑥
❈
⑩ ① ① ⑤ ③ ⑤ ⑩ ⑦ ③
■ ✗ ✘ ✢ ✢ ✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✥ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✕ ✜ ✘ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✙ ✳ ✕ ✳ ✓ ✗ ✜ ✴ ✳ ✤ ✥
✛ ✕ ✗ ✥ ✓ ✙ ✣ ✓ ✔
❶
✜ ✒ ✓ ✤ ✗ ✤ ✜ ✤ ✘ ✢ ✳ ✕ ✳ ✓ ✗ ✜ ✴ ✳ ✕ ✚ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✥ ✷ ✥ ✜ ✓ ✳
✤ ✥ ✓ q ✴ ✘ ✢ ✜ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✢ ✳ ✕ ✳ ✓ ✗ ✜ ✴ ✳ ✕ ✚ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✥ ✷ ✥ ✜ ✓ ✳ t
❷
✗ ✓ ✛ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✸ ✴ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✤ ✥ ✘ ✥ ✚ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✕ ✖ ✥ t ✿ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✜ ✖ ✕ ✕ ✹
❸
✓ ✛ ✜ ✥
✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✔ ✓ ✻ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✳ ✴ ✜ ✴ ✘ ✢ ✤ ✳ ✵ ✴ ✢ ✥ ✤ ✣ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✛ ✓ ✥ ✘ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✗ ✸ ✕ ✣ ✓ ✙
✜ ✒ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✳ ✓ ❹ ❺ ✛ ✘ ✴ ✥ ✓ ✘ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✸ ✓ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✤ ✙
✙ ✓ ✥ ✵ ✓ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✣ ✓ ✳ ✕ ✳ ✓ ✗ ✜ ✘ ❻
❹
❼
r
❽
✼
r s
❹ ❺
❹
❼
s
❽
✼
s r
❹ ❺
✖ ✒ ✓ ✙ ✓ ✼
r s
✤ ✥ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✛ ✓ ✓ ❝ ✓ ✙ ✜ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✜ ✵ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✢ ✓
✹ ✷ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✔ ✵ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✢ ✓ t ✼
s r
✤ ✥ ✢ ✤
◗
✓ ✖ ✤ ✥ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✛ ✓
✓ ❝ ✓ ✙ ✜ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✔ ✵ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✢ ✓ ✹ ✷ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✜ ✵ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✢ ✓ t
✲
✕ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✳
✲
✓ ✖ ✜ ✕ ✗
➆
✥ ❚ ✒ ✤ ✙ ✔ ❾ ✘ ✖ ✻ ✼
r s
✰
❿ ✼
s r
t ❚ ✒ ✤ ✥
✤ ✳ ✵ ✢ ✤ ✓ ✥
❹
❼
r
➀
❹
❼
s
✦ ➁
❚ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✹ ✕ ✣ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✴ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✙ ✴ ✓ ✓ ✣ ✓ ✗ ✜ ✒ ✕ ✴ ✸ ✒ ✜ ✒ ✓
✚ ✕ ✙ ✛ ✓ ✥ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✷ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✛ ✕ ✳ ✵ ✢ ✓ ❝ ✚ ✘ ✥ ✒ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✔ ✴ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✸ ✜ ✒ ✓
✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✳ ✓ ❹ ❺ t
❙
✤ ✗ ✛ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✤ ✙ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✖ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✙ ✴ ✓ ✘ ✜
✓ ✣ ✓ ✙ ✷ ✤ ✗ ✥ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✻ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✕ ✜ ✘ ✢ ✤ ✳ ✵ ✴ ✢ ✥ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✜ ✕ ✹
❸
✓ ✛ ✜
✤ ✥ ✓ q ✴ ✘ ✢ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✵ ✵ ✕ ✥ ✤ ✜ ✓ ✜ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✜ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✔ t
❷
✗ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✙ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✻ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✕ ✜ ✘ ✢
◗
✤ ✗ ✓ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✸ ✷ ✕ ✚
✜ ✒ ✓ ✥ ✷ ✥ ✜ ✓ ✳ ✤ ✥ ✗ ✕ ✜ ✗ ✓ ✛ ✓ ✥ ✥ ✘ ✙ ✤ ✢ ✷ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✥ ✓ ✙ ✣ ✓ ✔ t ❚ ✒ ✓
✤ ✳ ✵ ✘ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✳ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✔ ✴ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✸ ✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✳ ✘ ✷
✸ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✘ ✜ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✥ ✕ ✴ ✗ ✔ t
➂
✘ ✙ ✜ ✕ ✚ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✤ ✗ ✤ ✜ ✤ ✘ ✢
◗
✤ ✗ ✓ ✜ ✤ ✛
✓ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✸ ✷ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✙ ✘ ✗ ✥ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✳ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✕ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✳ ✥ ✕ ✚ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✸ ✷ t
❏ ✴ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✴ ✢ ✖ ✘ ✷ ✜ ✕ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✴ ✘ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✳ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✔ ✴ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✸
✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✓ ✙ ✳ ✥ ✕ ✚ ✘
❖
✛ ✕ ✳ ✵ ✙ ✓ ✥ ✥ ✓ ✔ ✥ ✵ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✸
➆
t ■ ✚
✜ ✒ ✓
❖
✥ ✵ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✸
➆
✛ ✕ ✗ ✗ ✓ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✗ ✸ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✖ ✕ ✳ ✘ ✥ ✥ ✓ ✥ ✙ ✓ ✸ ✘ ✤ ✗ ✥
✤ ✜ ✥ ✕ ✙ ✤ ✸ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✢ ✥ ✒ ✘ ✵ ✓ ✖ ✤ ✜ ✒ ✕ ✴ ✜ ✢ ✕ ✥ ✥ ✤ ✗ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✸ ✷ ✻ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✗
✜ ✒ ✓ ✤ ✗ ✤ ✜ ✤ ✘ ✢
◗
✤ ✗ ✓ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✸ ✷ ✤ ✥ ✓ q ✴ ✘ ✢ ✜ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✢
◗
✤ ✗ ✓ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✸ ✷ ✹ ✴ ✜ ✜ ✒ ✓
◗
✤ ✗ ✓ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✸ ✷ ✔ ✴ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✸ ✜ ✒ ✓
✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✳ ✓ ❹ ❺ ✤ ✥ ✗ ✕ ✜ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✥ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✜ t
❙
✴ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗
✤ ✥ ✛ ✘ ✢ ✢ ✓ ✔ ✘ ✗ ⑨ ① ② ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑥ ⑩ ① ① ⑤ ③ ⑤ ⑩ ⑦ t
❷
✗ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✙ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✔
✜ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✳ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✳ ✘ ✷ ✗ ✕ ✜ ✹ ✓ ✙ ✓ ✢ ✤ ✓ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✖ ✕
✹ ✕ ✔ ✤ ✓ ✥ ✛ ✕ ✴ ✢ ✔ ✳ ✕ ✣ ✓ ✜ ✕ ✸ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✙ ✘ ✚ ✜ ✓ ✙ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ t ❏
✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✤ ✛ ✒ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✖ ✕ ✵ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✢ ✓ ✥ ✳ ✕ ✣ ✓ ✜ ✕ ✸ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✙
✘ ✚ ✜ ✓ ✙ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✤ ✥ ✛ ✘ ✢ ✢ ✓ ✔ ✘ ⑥ ⑩ ➃
❼
① ⑨ ④ ⑨ ① ➄ ⑤ ⑦ ⑨ ① ② ③ ④⑤ ⑥
⑥ ⑩ ① ① ⑤ ③ ⑤ ⑩ ⑦ t ❚ ✒ ✓ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✓ ✙ ✳ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✘ ✜ ✓ ✛ ✘ ✥ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✙ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✓
✔ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✳ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✤ ✥ ✵ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✷ ✙ ✓ ✢ ✤ ✓ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✘ ✗ ✔ ✥ ✕ ✳ ✓ ✕ ✚ ✜ ✒ ✓
✤ ✗ ✤ ✜ ✤ ✘ ✢
◗
✤ ✗ ✓ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✸ ✷ ✤ ✥ ✢ ✕ ✥ ✜ ✤ ✥ ✳ ✕ ✙ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✳ ✳ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✔
✤ ✥ ✘ ✵ ✵ ✙ ✕ ✵ ✙ ✤ ✘ ✜ ✓ ✢ ✷ ✛ ✘ ✢ ✢ ✓ ✔ ✘ ✗ ⑤ ⑦ ⑨ ① ② ③ ④⑤ ⑥ ⑥ ⑩ ① ① ⑤ ③ ⑤ ⑩ ⑦ t
❃
✽
❄ ❅
✽
❅ ❈
⑩ ① ① ⑤ ③ ⑤ ⑩ ⑦ ③ ⑤ ⑦
❇
⑦ ⑨ ➅ ⑤ ➃ ⑨ ⑦ ③ ⑤ ⑩ ⑦
❑
✕ ✗ ✥ ✤ ✔ ✓ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✜ ✘ ⑥ ⑩ ➃
❼
① ⑨ ④⑨ ① ➄ ⑤ ⑦ ⑨ ① ② ③ ④⑤ ⑥ ⑥ ⑩ ① ① ⑤ ③ ⑤ ⑩ ⑦
✤ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✳ ✓ ✗ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ t ❚ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✻ ✤ ✗
❘
✤ ✸ t
❯
t
✪ ✬
✻
➇
r
✦
➇
s
✦ ✬
✧
r
✈
r ◆
✦ ✭ ✧
r
➀ ✧
s
✮ ✈
❢
✭
✳ ✕ ✳ ✓ ✗ ✜ ✴ ✳ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✥ ✓ ✙ ✣ ✘ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✗
✮
➈
➈
➈ ➉
➊ ➋
➌
➍ ➍
➌ ➌
➎
➏
✭ ❯
t
✱ ➐ ✮
❚ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✕ ✥ ✥ ✤ ✗
◗
✤ ✗ ✓ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✸ ✷ ✕ ✗ ✛ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✤ ✥
➉ ➉
➈ ➈ ➉
➑ ➑
➒ ➒
➓
➋ ➊
➔
➌ ➍ ➌ ➌ ➍
→
➎
➣ ➏↔ ↕
➙
➙ ➙
➛
➛ ➛ ➛
➛ ➙
➜ ➜
➝ ➝
➞ ➞
➟
➟ ➠ ➠
➟ ➟
➡ ➢
➤
➥
✴ ✥ ✤ ✗ ✸
➦
q t
✭ ❯
t
✱ ➐ ✮ ➧
➨
➩
➩ ➩
➩
➨
➫
➫
➭
➯
➲
➲
➳
➲ ➲
➵ ➸
➺ ➻
➼ ➽
➾
➚ ➪
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
✞
✷
✟
✷
✟
✟
✷
✠
✡
✐
♠ ♠
✈
♠ ♠
❂
✰
✇ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✒ ☞ ✒ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✒ ✔ ✚ ✛
❈
✑ ✗ ✍ ☞ ✚ ✔
✜
✗ ✔ ✙ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✔
✢
✎ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✑
✢ ✢
☞ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗
✳ ✥
✍ ☞ ✗
✣
✒ ☛ ✔
✎ ❛ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✑ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✌
✢
✎ ✒ ✖
✜
✔ ✇ ☞ ✒ ☛ ✦
✧
★ ✦
✩
★ ✪ ✫ ✒ ☛ ✔
✤ ✑ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✖ ✤ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✬ ☞ ✗ ✔ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✗ ✔
✜ ✣
✘ ✌ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✔
✜
✓ ✎ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✗
✔ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✎
✜
✔
✭
✧
✮
✧ ✯
★
✭
✧
✮
✧ ❢
✱ ✭
✩
✮
✩ ❢
✲ ✴
✛
✵ ✸ ✹
✷ ✷ ✷
✟ ✟ ✟ ✟
✷ ✷
✐
✺ ✺
♠ ✈ ♠ ✈ ♠ ✈❂ ✰ ✲ ✴
✛
✵ ✻ ✹
❋
✜
✑ ✤ ✼ ✕ ✍ ✛
✲ ✴
✛
✵ ✸ ✹
✎ ✗ ✚
✲ ✴
✛
✵ ✻ ✹
☞ ✒ ✽ ✑
✢ ✢
✑ ✇ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✫
✾ ✾ ✿ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✿ ✾
❀ ❁ ❀ ❁
❃ ❄ ❃ ❄ ❄ ❄
❅ ❆ ❆ ❆ ❅ ❆ ❆ ❆❾ ❇ ❾
✑
✜
✫
✷ ✷
✷
✟ ✟ ✟ ✟
❉ ❊
✺
✐
✺
✐
✺
✈ ✈ ✈ ✈ ✈● ❂ ●
❍ ❍ ❍ ❍
■ ❏ ■ ❏
❑ ▲ ❑ ▲
▼ ▼ ▼ ▼◆ ❖ ◗
❘ ✔ ✗ ✌ ✔ ✫
❙ ❍ ❍▲ ❑ ▲
▼ ▼ ▼
❚
◆ ◗
✲ ✴
✛
✵ ✴ ✹
❯
✖ ❛ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✒ ✖ ✒ ☞ ✗
✣
✒ ☛ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✗ ✼ ✕ ✛
✲ ✴
✛
✵ ✸ ✹
✫ ✇ ✔ ✑ ❛ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✗
✟
✷
✟ ✟
✟
✷
❉ ❊
✺
✐
♠ ♠
✈ ✈
♠ ♠
●
❂
✰
✲ ✴
✛
✵
❱
✹
✎ ✗ ✚
✟ ✟
✷
✟
✷
✡
✐
✺
♠ ✈
✈
♠ ♠
❂
✰
✲ ✴
✛
✵
❲
✹
❳
☛ ✖ ✍ ✫ ✒ ☛ ✔
❨
✖ ✗ ✬ ✗ ✑ ✇ ✗ ✍
❩ ❬✮
✧ ❢
✫
✮
❭ ❢
⑥
✎
✜
✔ ✑ ❛ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✗ ✔ ✚ ☞ ✗
✒ ✔
✜
✤ ✍ ✑ ✽ ✒ ☛ ✔
❨
✬ ✗ ✑ ✇ ✗ ✍
❩ ❬ ✭
✧
✫
✭
✩
✫
✮
✧ ✯
⑥
✛
❯
✏ ✔ ✌ ☞ ✎
✢
✌ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✍
✑ ✽ ✑ ✖
✜
✎ ✗ ✎
✢
✘ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✎
✜
✔ ☞ ✗ ✒ ✔
✜
✔ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✗
✣
✛
❪❫ ❴ ❵ ❜ ❝ ❞ ✽ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✒ ✇ ✑ ✤ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✔ ✍ ✎
✜
✔ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✎
✢
✮
✧ ❢
★ ✪
✮
✩ ❢
★
✮
✧ ✯
❳
☛ ✔ ✽ ☞
✜
✍ ✒ ✤ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✤ ✔ ✍ ✒ ✑
✜
✔ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✏ ✖ ✍ ☛ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✽ ✽ ✒ ☛ ✔
✍ ✔ ✌ ✑ ✗ ✚ ✤ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✇ ☞ ✒ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✍ ☞ ✗ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✎
✢
✍ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✚ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✑
✢ ✢
☞ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✛
❪❫ ❴ ❵ ❜ ❜ ❝ ❞ ✽ ✑ ✗ ✔ ✤ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✚ ✑ ✤ ☞ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✫ ✔ ✛
✣
✛
✭
✩
❡ ❡ ✭
✧
✮
✧ ❢
⑦ ❣ ✮
✧ ✯
✮
✩ ❢
⑦
✪
❳
☛ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ☞ ✔
✜
✤ ✎ ✍ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✖ ✗ ✚ ☞ ✍ ✒ ✖
✜
❛ ✔ ✚ ✇ ☛ ☞
✢
✔ ✒ ☛ ✔
✢
☞
✣
☛ ✒ ✔
✜
✤ ✎ ✍ ✍
✜
✔ ✓ ✔
✜
✍ ✔ ✍ ☞ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✔
✢
✑ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✘ ✛
❤ ❥ ❦ ❧ ♥ ♦ ♣ q r s t ✉ ① ② ③ ④ ⑤ ⑧ ⑨ ② ③ ⑤ ② ⑩ ⑤
❵
❶ ❷ ❸ ② ⑤
❴
❹
❞ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✖ ✌
✢
✔ ✎
✜ ✜
✔ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✑
✜
✎ ✗ ✔ ✖ ✒
✜
✑ ✗ ✑ ✽ ☛ ☞
✣
☛
✍ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✚
✲
✒ ✘ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✎
✢ ✢
✘
❺
✪
❻
✤ ✍
➊ ✧
✹
✤ ✖ ✍ ✒ ❛ ✔ ✍
✢
✑ ✇ ✔ ✚
❼
⑤
❵ ❽ ❿ ❵
❸④
➀ ❵
⑤ ❷ ② ⑤
➁ ❵ ❫
⑨
➂
② ⑤
➃
② ① ① ④
❴
④ ② ⑤
❞ ✗ ✏ ✔
✜
✽ ✑
✜
✤ ☞ ✗
✣
✎ ✗ ✔ ✙ ✏ ✔
✜
☞ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✑
✢ ✢
☞ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✗ ✎ ☛ ✑
✜
☞ ➄ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✎
✢
✍ ✖
✜
✽ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✫ ✇ ✔ ✽ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✒ ☛
✜
✔ ✔ ✚ ☞ ✽ ✽ ☞ ✌ ✖
✢
✒ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✛
➅ ✗ ✔ ✫ ✒ ☛ ✔
✜
✔ ✇ ☞
✢ ✢
❛ ✔ ✽
✜
☞ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✚ ❛ ✑ ✚ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✇ ☞
✢ ✢
✗ ✑ ✒ ✒
✜
✎ ✓ ✔
✢
✇ ☞ ✒ ☛ ✖ ✗ ☞ ✽ ✑
✜
✤ ✓ ✔
✢
✑ ✌ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✛
❳
✇ ✑ ✫ ☞ ✽ ✒ ✇ ✑ ❛ ✑ ✚ ☞ ✔ ✍
✑ ✽ ✚ ☞ ✽ ✽ ✔
✜
✔ ✗ ✒ ✍ ☞ ➄ ✔ ✍ ✌ ✑
✢ ✢
☞ ✚ ✔ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✎ ❛
✢
✔ ✫ ☞ ✒ ✇ ✑ ✖
✢
✚ ❛ ✔ ✚ ☞ ✽ ✽ ☞ ✌ ✖
✢
✒ ✒ ✑ ✎
✜ ✜
✎ ✗
✣
✔ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✤ ✽ ✑
✜
✎ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✚ ➆ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✑
✢ ✢
☞ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗
✖ ✗
✢
✔ ✍ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✔ ☞
✜
✌ ✔ ✗ ✒
✜
✔ ✍ ✑ ✽ ✤ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✎
✜
✔ ✎ ✒ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✤ ✔ ☛ ✔ ☞
✣
☛ ✒ ✎ ❛ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✍ ✖
✜
✽ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✛
❳
☛
✜
✔ ✔ ✫ ☞ ✒ ✇ ☞
✢ ✢
❛ ✔ ✽ ✎ ☞
✜ ✢
✘
✚ ☞ ✽ ✽ ☞ ✌ ✖
✢
✒ ✒ ✑ ✤ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✖
✜
✔ ✓ ✔
✢
✑ ✌ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✽ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✒ ✇ ✑ ❛ ✑ ✚ ☞ ✔ ✍ ➇ ✖ ✍ ✒ ❛ ✔ ✽ ✑
✜
✔ ✎ ✗ ✚ ➇ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✽ ✒ ✔
✜
✌ ✑
✢ ✢
☞ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✛
➈
✘ ✏ ✔
✜
✽ ✑
✜
✤ ☞ ✗
✣
✒ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✔ ✙ ✏ ✔
✜
☞ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✒ ☞ ✗ ✎ ✓ ✔
✜
✒ ☞ ✌ ✎
✢
✚ ☞
✜
✔ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✫ ✎
✢ ✢
✒ ☛ ✔ ✒ ☛
✜
✔ ✔ ✚ ☞ ✽ ✽ ☞ ✌ ✖
✢
✒ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✗ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✛
❳
✎ ✬ ✔
✒ ✇ ✑ ❛ ✎
✢ ✢
✍ ✫ ✑ ✗ ✔ ✑ ✽ ✇ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ☞ ✔
✜ ✲
❛ ✎ ✍ ✬ ✔ ✒ ❛ ✎
✢ ✢ ➉
✽ ✑ ✑ ✒ ❛ ✎
✢ ✢ ➉
✓ ✑
✢ ✢
✔ ✘ ❛ ✎
✢ ✢ ✹
✎ ✗ ✚ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✑ ✒ ☛ ✔
✜ ✢
☞
✣
☛ ✒ ✔
✜ ✲
✒ ✔ ✗ ✗ ☞ ✍
❛ ✎
✢ ✢ ➉ ✜
✖ ❛ ❛ ✔
✜
❛ ✎
✢ ✢ ➉
✒ ✎ ❛
✢
✔ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✗ ☞ ✍ ❛ ✎
✢ ✢ ✹
✛ ❋ ☞
✜
✍ ✒ ✒ ✎ ✬ ✔ ✑ ✗
✢
✘ ✒ ☛ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ☞ ✔
✜
❛ ✎
✢ ✢
✎ ✗ ✚ ✚
✜
✑ ✏ ☞ ✒ ✓ ✔
✜
✒ ☞ ✌ ✎
✢ ✢
✘ ✽
✜
✑ ✤
✍ ✑ ✤ ✔ ☛ ✔ ☞
✣
☛ ✒ ✫ ✍ ✎ ✘
❺
✤ ✛
➋
✑ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✑ ✇ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✒
✜
☞ ✍ ✔ ✍ ✛
❳
☛ ☞ ✍
✣
☞ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✓ ✔
✢
✑ ✌ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✗ ✔ ✎
✜
✒ ☛ ✔ ✽
✢
✑ ✑
✜
✑
✜ ✣ ✜
✑ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✫
➇ ✖ ✍ ✒ ❛ ✔ ✽ ✑
✜
✔ ✎ ✗ ✚ ➇ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✽ ✒ ✔
✜
✒ ☛ ✔ ❛ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✌ ✔
✲
❛ ✘ ✖ ✍ ☞ ✗
✣
➌
➍
❆
➎ ➏
❇
✹
✛ ❘ ✔ ✗ ✌ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✖
✇ ☞
✢ ✢ ✣
✔ ✒ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✌ ✑ ✔ ✽ ✽ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✑ ✽
✜
✔ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✒ ✖ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✛
➋
✑ ✇ ✒ ✎ ✬ ✔ ✒ ☛ ✔ ❛ ☞
✣
❛ ✎
✢ ✢
✎ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✍ ✤ ✎
✢ ✢
❛ ✎
✢ ✢
✎ ✗ ✚ ☛ ✑
✢
✚ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✤ ☞ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✖
✜
☛ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✔ ✑ ✓ ✔
✜
✒ ☛ ✔ ✑ ✒ ☛ ✔
✜
✫ ✇ ☞ ✒ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ☞ ✔
✜
❛ ✎
✢ ✢
❛ ✔
✢
✑ ✇ ✒ ☛ ✔
✢
☞
✣
☛ ✒ ✔
✜
✑ ✗ ✔ ✫ ✎ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✇ ✗ ☛ ✔
✜
✔ ✛ ➐
✜
✑ ✏ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✤ ✒ ✑
✣
✔ ✒ ☛ ✔
✜
✫ ✒ ✎ ✬ ☞ ✗
✣
✌ ✎
✜
✔ ✒ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✘
✜
✔ ✤ ✎ ☞ ✗
✒ ✑
✣
✔ ✒ ☛ ✔
✜
✇ ☛ ☞
✢
✔ ✽ ✎
✢ ✢
☞ ✗
✣
✫ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✍ ✔ ✔ ✇ ☛ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✔ ✗ ✍ ✛ ➑ ✑ ✖ ✇ ☞
✢ ✢
✽ ☞ ✗ ✚ ✒ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✒ ☛ ✔
☛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ☞ ✔
✜
❛ ✎
✢ ✢ ✜
☞ ✍ ✔ ✍
✢
✔ ✍ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✎ ✗ ✇ ☛ ✔ ✗ ☞ ✒ ✇ ✎ ✍ ✚
✜
✑ ✏ ✏ ✔ ✚ ✎
✢
✑ ✗ ✔ ✫ ✇ ☛ ☞
✢
✔ ✒ ☛ ✔
✢
☞
✣
☛ ✒ ✔
✜
✑ ✗ ✔ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✎ ❛ ✑ ✖ ✒ ➒ ✤ ✛ ➓ ☞ ✒ ☛ ✏
✜
✎ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✫ ✘ ✑ ✖ ✇ ☞
✢ ✢
❛ ✔ ✎ ❛
✢
✔ ✒ ✑
☛ ✑
✢
✚ ✒ ☛ ✔ ❛ ✎
✢ ✢
✏
✜
✑ ✏ ✔
✜ ✢
✘ ✍ ✑ ✒ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✒ ☛ ✔
✢
☞
✣
☛ ✒ ✔
✜
❛ ✎
✢ ✢ ✜
☞ ✍ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✔
✜
✒ ☞ ✌ ✎
✢ ✢
✘ ✖ ✏ ✎ ✗ ✚
✚ ✑ ✔ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✽
✢
✘ ✍ ☞ ✚ ✔ ✇ ✎ ✘ ✍ ✛
❳
☛ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✚ ➆ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✑
✢ ✢
☞ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✛
➑ ✑ ✖ ✌ ✎ ✗ ✒
✜
✘ ✒ ✑ ✽ ☞ ✗ ✚ ✒ ☛ ✔ ❛ ✔ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✑ ✤ ❛ ☞ ✗ ✎ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✽ ❛ ✎
✢ ✢
✍ ✇ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛
✣
☞ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✖
✒ ☛ ✔ ❛ ✔ ✍ ✒ ✔ ✽ ✽ ✔ ✌ ✒ ✛ ➑ ✑ ✖ ✌ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✖
✜
✔ ✒ ☛ ✔ ✤ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✎
✜
✚ ❛ ✎
✢
✎ ✗ ✌ ✔ ✛
➓ ✔
✢
✔ ✎ ✓ ✔ ☞ ✒ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✒ ☛ ☞ ✗ ✬ ☛ ✑ ✇ ✘ ✑ ✖ ✌ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✔
✜
✤ ☞ ✗ ✔ ✒ ☛ ✔ ☞ ✗ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✎
✢
✎ ✗ ✚
✽ ☞ ✗ ✎
✢
✓ ✔
✢
✑ ✌ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✽ ✒ ☛ ✔ ❛ ✎
✢ ✢
✍ ✛
❲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ☎ ✁ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✆ ✠ ✡   ❲ ☎ ✁ ✶ ☛ ✶
☞
t ✌ ✍ ✎
✸
✥ ✏
➊ ✑
✏ ✌ t ✒ ✓ t ✔ t ✕ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✒ ✔ ✙ ✒
♣ ✚
✌
✛
✓
✛
✔
✜
✔ t
✢
✌
✣
✔ ✖ t ✘
✚
✓ ✕ t ✔ ✖ ✙
✤
✔ t ✒ ✔ ✏ ✌ t ✌
♣
✘
✾✦
✦
✷✧
❯
✓ ✖
❛
✕ ✓
★
✏ ✔ ✖ ✙ ✔ t t ✌
✣
✔ ✏ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖
✩ ✪
✒ ✌
✤
t ✒ ✓ t ✓
✖ ✘
★
t
✚
✌ ✖ ✕ ✓ ✖
✜
✌ ✏ ✘ ✥ ✌ ✏ t ✌
✣
✔ t ✏
♥
✔ ✖ ✘ t ✔ ✕ ✘ ✖ ✘
✚
✙
✢
✔ ✖ ✓ ✖ ✘
✜
✓ ✏ t ✔ ✕ ✕ ✌
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖
✤
✔ t ✒ ✓
✜
✔ ✙ ✒ t ✖
★
✕
✜
✘ ✔
✜
✔
♥
✘
❛
✘
★
t ✘
✚
✔
★
✥ ✌
✚
✕ ✓
✚ ✛
✌ ✖
✤
✒ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✏ ✏
✌
✣
✌ ✖
✜ ✢
✓
✣
✘
✤
t ✔ ✥ ✘ ✏ t ✒ ✘ ✖ ✘
★
t
✚
✌ ✖ ✥ ✓ ✏ ✏
✩ ♦
✒ ✘
✥ ✓ t ✘
✚
✔ ✓
✜
✥ ✓
♥
✔ ✖ ✙
★ ♣
t ✒ ✘
✜
✔ ✙ ✒ t ✖
★
✕
✜
✘ ✔ ♠
★
✏
★
✓
✜ ✜ ✢
✒ ✘ ✓ ✗
✢ ✤
✓ t ✘
✚
❤ ✫
✬
❖ ✭ ✌
✚
✙
✚
✓
♣
✒ ✔ t ✘ ♠ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✓
✜ ✜
✘
❛
✓
✥ ✌
❛
✘
✚
✓ t ✌
✚ ✩
❆ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲
♦
✒ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✔ t ✔ ✓
✜ ♥
✔ ✖ ✘ t ✔ ✕ ✘ ✖ ✘
✚
✙
✢
✌
✣
t ✒ ✘ ✖ ✘
★
t
✚
✌ ✖
✔ ✏
✳
✴ ✴ ✴
✵
✹
✐ ✐
❑ ✺ ✈❂
✤
✒ ✔
✜
✘ ✔ t ✏
✣
✔ ✖ ✓
✜ ♥
✔ ✖ ✘ t ✔ ✕ ✘ ✖ ✘
✚
✙
✢ ✣ ✚
✌ ✥
✇ ✻ ✩
❤
✼ ✩ ✽ ✿
✭
❀
❀ ❀
❁
❀
❁ ❁ ❁ ❁ ❁
❁
❀
❃ ❃
❄ ❄
❢ ❢ ❅
❇ ❇
❈ ❇ ❉ ❇ ❉
❇ ❇
❊ ❋
❾
● ●
❍ ■
❏
▲ ▼
♦
✒ ✘
✣ ✚
✓ ✕ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✓
✜ ♥
✔ ✖ ✘ t ✔ ✕ ✘ ✖ ✘
✚
✙
✢ ✜
✌ ✏ t ✔ ✏
❀
❁
❁
❀
❁
❁ ❁
❀
❢
❅
❈
❇ ❇
◆
❈ ❇ ❇
❊ ❋
❾
● ●
❍ ■
❏
▲ ▼
✤
✒ ✔
✜
✘ t ✒ ✘
✣ ✚
✓ ✕ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✓
✜ ♥
✔ ✖ ✘ t ✔ ✕ ✘ ✖ ✘
✚
✙
✢
✙ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✘
❛ ✛ ✢
t ✒ ✘
✥ ✌
❛
✘
✚
✓ t ✔ ✖ ✙ ✖
★
✕
✜
✘ ✔
P
◗ ❘
❙ P
❚ ❱
✔ ✏
❳
◗
❨ ❩ ❬ ❳
✑
❤ ✘
✜
✓ ✏ t ✔ ✕ ✕ ✌
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖ ✭
❭ ❪
❫ ❴
❴
❫ ❴
❵ ❜ ❜
❜ ❜
❝
❞
❖ ✖ ✘ ✕ ✓ ✖ ✓
✜
✏ ✌ ✗ ✘
✚
✔
✣ ✢
t ✒ ✔ ✏
✚
✘ ✏
★ ✜
t
✛ ✢
✏
★ ✛
✏ t ✔ t
★
t ✔ ✖ ✙
✣ ✚
✌ ✥
✇ ✻ ✩
❤
✼ ✩ ✽
❡ ✭
✩
❣ ✌
✚ ❛
✘
★
t ✘
✚
✔
★
✥ ❥
◗
❨ ✽
❥
✑
✓ ✖
❛ ✤
✘ ✌
✛
t ✓ ✔ ✖
❳
✑
❨
✍
❙
❦
✤
✒ ✔
✜
✘
❳
◗
❨
❡
❙
❦
✩
❧
✜
✥ ✌ ✏ t ❦ ✎ q ✌
✣
t ✒ ✘
✖ ✘
★
t
✚
✌ ✖ r ✏ ✘ ✖ ✘
✚
✙
✢
✔ ✏ t
✚
✓ ✖ ✏
✣
✘
✚ ✚
✘
❛
t ✌
❛
✘
★
t ✘
✚
✔
★
✥
✩
❣ ✌
✚
✕ ✓
✚ ✛
✌ ✖
❳
✑
❨ ✿
✍
✩ ✼
q ✓ ✖
❛ ❳
✬
❨ ✽
❡
✩
s q
✩
✉ ✖
♣ ✚
✓ ✕ t ✔ ✕ ✘ ♠
✒ ✌
✤
✘ ✗ ✘
✚
♠ t ✒ ✔ ✏ ✖
★
✥
✛
✘
✚
✔ ✏ ✏ ✥ ✓
✜ ✜
✘
✚
✏ ✔ ✖ ✕ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✓
❛
① ✌ ✖
✕ ✌
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✓
✚
✘
✚
✓
✚
✘
✩
②
✉
✣
t ✒ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✔ t ✔ ✓
✜
✗ ✘
✜
✌ ✕ ✔ t ✔ ✘ ✏ ✓ ✖
❛ ✣
✔ ✖ ✓
✜
✗ ✘
✜
✌ ✕ ✔ t ✔ ✘ ✏ ✌
✣
✛
✌ t ✒ t ✒ ✘
✛
✌
❛
✔ ✘ ✏ ✓
✚
✘ ✓
✜
✌ ✖ ✙ t ✒ ✘ ✏ ✓ ✥ ✘ ✏ t
✚
✓ ✔ ✙ ✒ t
✜
✔ ✖ ✘ ♠
t ✒ ✘ ✖ ✔ t ✔ ✏ ✕ ✓
✜ ✜
✘
❛
✓ ✌ ✖ ✘ ①
❛
✔ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖ ✓
✜
✕ ✌
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖ ♠ ✌
✚
③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ⑧ ❶ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❷ ⑧ ⑨ ❹ ✉ ✖ t ✒ ✘ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✌
✣
✏ ✥ ✓
✜ ✜
✏
♣
✒ ✘
✚
✔ ✕ ✓
✜
✛
✌
❛
✔ ✘ ✏ ♠ t ✒ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✏
♣
✌ ✏ ✏ ✔
✛ ✜
✘ ✔
✣
t ✒ ✘
❛
✔
✚
✘ ✕ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✌
✣
t
✚
✓ ✗ ✘
✜
✌
✣ ✛
✌
❛ ✢
✍
♣
✓ ✏ ✏ ✘ ✏ t ✒
✚
✌
★
✙ ✒ t ✒ ✘ ✕ ✘ ✖ t
✚
✘ ✌
✣ ✛
✌
❛ ✢ ✽
✤
✒ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✓ t
✚
✘ ✏ t
✩
✉ ✖ ✙ ✘ ✖ ✘
✚
✓
✜
♠ t ✒ ✘ ✕ ✌
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖ ✔ ✏ t
✤
✌ ①
❛
✔ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖ ✓
✜
♠
✤
✒ ✘
✚
✘ t ✒ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✔ t ✔ ✓
✜
✗ ✘
✜
✌ ✕ ✔ t ✔ ✘ ✏ ✓ ✖
❛
t ✒ ✘
✣
✔ ✖ ✓
✜
✗ ✘
✜
✌ ✕ ✔ t ✔ ✘ ✏
✜
✔ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✓
♣ ✜
✓ ✖ ✘
✩
❺ ❹ ❻ ❼ ❹ ❽ ❿⑧ ❶ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❷ ⑧ ⑨ ❸ ❷ ⑨ ➀ ➁ ⑧ ➂ ❷ ➃ ④ ⑨ ❸ ❷ ⑧ ⑨ ❸
❣ ✔ ✙
✩ ✼ ✩
✍ ✎ ✓
✜
✏ ✌
❛
✘
♣
✔ ✕ t ✏ t ✒ ✘ ✕ ✌
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖ ✌
✣
✓ ✥ ✌ ✗ ✔ ✖ ✙
✥ ✓ ✏ ✏ ❥
✑
✤
✔ t ✒ t ✒ ✘ ✏ t ✓ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✓
✚ ✢
✥ ✓ ✏ ✏ ❥
✬
✩
➄ ✔ ✖ ✘ ✓
✚
✥ ✌ ✥ ✘ ✖ t
★
✥ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✘
✚
✗ ✘
❛
✔ ✖ ✏
★
✕ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✌
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖
✩
✪
✔ ✖ ✕ ✘ ✥ ✌ ✥ ✘ ✖ t
★
✥ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✕ t ✌
✚
t ✒ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✥
♣ ✜
✔ ✘ ✏ t ✒
✚
✘ ✘
✘
✻ ★
✓ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✏
✣
✌
✚
t ✒ ✘ t ✒
✚
✘ ✘
❛
✔
✚
✘ ✕ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✏ ➅ ➆ ➇ ➈ ➇ ➉ ➋
✩
➌ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✔
❛
✘
✚
t ✒ ✘
♣ ✜
✓ ✖ ✘
❛
✘ t ✘
✚
✥ ✔ ✖ ✘
❛ ✛ ✢
t ✒ ✘
✣
✔ ✖ ✓
✜
✗ ✘
✜
✌ ✕ ✔ t
✢ ❛
✔
✚
✘ ✕ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✌
✣
❥
✑
✓ ✖
❛
❥
✬
✓ ✖
❛
✕ ✒ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✘ ✔ t t ✌
✛
✘ t ✒ ✘ ➆ ➍ ➈
♣ ✜
✓ ✖ ✘
✩ ♦
✒ ✘ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✘
✚
✗ ✓ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✌
✣
t ✒ ✘
➉ ① ✕ ✌ ✥
♣
✌ ✖ ✘ ✖ t ✌
✣
t ✒ ✘
✜
✔ ✖ ✘ ✓
✚
✥ ✌ ✥ ✘ ✖ t
★
✥ ✔ ✥
♣ ✜
✔ ✘ ✏
t ✒ ✓ t t ✒ ✘ ✘ ✖ t ✔
✚
✘ ✕ ✌
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✖ t ✒ ✘ ➆ ➍ ➈
♣ ✜
✓ ✖ ✘
✩ ♦
✒ ✘
➆ ① ✓ ✖
❛
➈ ➍ ✕ ✌ ✥
♣
✌ ✖ ✘ ✖ t ✘
✻ ★
✓ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✓
✚
✘
❥
✑
➎
✑
❱
❨
❥
✑
➎
✑
❘
✕ ✌ ✏
➏
✑
➐
❥
✬
➎
✬
❘
✕ ✌ ✏
➏
✬
❤
✼ ✩ ✽
❦ ✭
✎
❨
❥
✑
➎
✑
❘
✏ ✔ ✖
➏
✑
➑ ❥
✬
➎
✬
❘
✏ ✔ ✖
➏
✬
❤
✼ ✩
➒ ✎ ✭
❖ ✖ ✘
♥
✖ ✌
✤
✏ ➅ ❥
✑
➇ ❥
✬
➇
➎
✑
❱
➋ ✔ ✖ ✥ ✌ ✏ t ✏ ✔ t
★
✓ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✏
✩ ♦
✒ ✘
✚
✘
✓
✚
✘ t ✒
★
✏
✣
✌
★ ✚ ★
✖
♥
✖ ✌
✤
✖ ✏ ➅
➎
✑
❘
➇
➎
✬
❘
➇
➏
✑
➓ ➔ → ➏
✬
➋ ♠ ✓ ✖
❛
✌ ✖
✜ ✢
t
✤
✌ ✘
✻ ★
✓ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✏
✩
✉
✣ ➏
✑
❨ ➏
✬
❨
✎ ♠
✤
✘
✚
✘ ✙ ✓ ✔ ✖
✇ ✻ ✩
❤
✼ ✩ ✽
s ✭
✣
✌
✚
✌ ✖ ✘
❛
✔ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖ ✓
✜
✕ ✌
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖
✩
✉
✣
♠
✣ ★ ✚
t ✒ ✘
✚
t ✒ ✘ ✕ ✌
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✘
✜
✓ ✏ t ✔ ✕ ♠
➣ ➣ ➣
↔ ↔ ↔ ↔ ➣ ➣
↕ ↕ ↕
➙ ➙ ➙
➛ ➜ ➜
➝ ➞ ➝ ➞ ➝ ➞➟ ➠
❤
✼ ✩
➒ ✍ ✭
➡
✘ ✌
✛
t ✓ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✖ ✓
❛ ❛
✔ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✓
✜
✘
✻ ★
✓ t ✔ ✌ ✖
✩ ♦
✒ ✓ t ✏ t ✔
✜ ✜
✜
✘ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✏
★
✏ ✌ ✖ ✘ ✘
✻ ★
✓ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✌
✚
t
✩
❧ t
✜
✘ ✓ ✏ t ✌ ✖ ✘ ✌
✣
t ✒ ✘
✣
✌
★ ✚ ★
✖
♥
✖ ✌
✤
✖ ✏ ♠ ✏ ✓
✢ ➏
✑
♠ ✥
★
✏ t
✛
✘ ✥ ✓
❛
✘
♥
✖ ✌
✤
✖
✣
✌
✚
t ✒ ✘
♣ ✚
✌
✛ ✜
✘ ✥ t ✌
✛
✘ ✏ ✌
✜
✗ ✓
✛ ✜
✘
✩
❣ ✌
✚
✘
➢
✓ ✥
♣ ✜
✘ ♠
➏
✑
✕ ✓ ✖
✛
✘
❛
✘ t ✘
✚
✥ ✔ ✖ ✘
❛ ✛ ✢
✥ ✌ ✗ ✔ ✖ ✙ ✓
❛
✘ t ✘ ✕ t ✌
✚
✔ ✖ ✓ ✖
✓ ✖ ✙
★ ✜
✓
✚ ✣
✓ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✌ ✖
✣ ✚
✌ ✥ t ✒ ✘ ➆ t ✌ t ✒ ✘ ➈ ✓
➢
✔ ✏
✩ ➤
✔ ✗ ✘ ✖
➅ ❥
✑
♠ ❥
✬
♠
➎
❚ ❱
♠
➏
✑
➋
✤
✘ ✕ ✓ ✖
❛
✘ t ✘
✚
✥ ✔ ✖ ✘ ➅
➎
❚ ❘
➇
➎
◗ ❘
➇
➏
◗
➋
✣ ✚
✌ ✥
✇ ✻
✏
✩
❤
✼ ✩ ✽
❦ ✭ ① ❤
✼ ✩
➒ ✍ ✭
✩
➥ ➦ ➧ ➨ ➩ ➫ ✱ ➭ ➯ ➲ ➳ ➌ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✔
❛
✘
✚
t ✒ ✘ ✕ ✌
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖
❛
✘
♣
✔ ✕ t ✘
❛
✔ ✖ ❣ ✔ ✙
✩ ✼ ✩
✍ ✎ t ✌
✛
✘
✛
✘ t
✤
✘ ✘ ✖ t
✤
✌
✛
✔
✜ ✜
✔ ✓
✚ ❛ ✛
✓
✜ ✜
✏
✤
✔ t ✒ ✘
✻ ★
✓
✜
✥ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✘ ✏ ❥
❚
❨
❥
◗
✩
♦
✒ ✘
✣
✔
✚
✏ t
✛
✓
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✕ ✓
✜ ✜
✘
❛
t ✒ ✘ ✕
★
✘
✤
✒ ✔
✜
✘ t ✒ ✘
✏ ✘ ✕ ✌ ✖
❛ ✛
✓
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✕ ✓
✜ ✜
✘
❛
t ✒ ✘ t ✓
✚
✙ ✘ t
✩ ♦
✒ ✘
✛
✔
✜ ✜
✔ ✓
✚ ❛ ♣ ✜
✓
✢
✘
✚ ✤
✓ ✖ t ✏ t ✌ ➵ ✏ ✔ ✖
♥
r t ✒ ✘ t ✓
✚
✙ ✘ t
✛
✓
✜ ✜
✔ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✌
✚
✖ ✘
✚ ♣
✌ ✕
♥
✘ t ♠
✤
✒ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✓ t ✓ ✖
✓ ✖ ✙
✜
✘
➏
✬
❨
➒
✿ ➸ ✩
❧ ✏ ✏
★
✥ ✘ t ✒ ✓ t t ✒ ✘ ✕ ✌
✜ ✜
✔ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✖
✔ ✏ ✘
✜
✓ ✏ t ✔ ✕ ✓ ✖
❛
t ✒ ✓ t
✣ ✚
✔ ✕ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✓ ✖
❛ ✚
✌ t ✓ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✓
✜
✥ ✌ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ✓
✚
✘ ✖ ✌ t ✔ ✥
♣
✌
✚
t ✓ ✖ t
✩
❖
✛
t ✓ ✔ ✖
➏
✑
✩
❆ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ❣
✚
✌ ✥ ✥ ✌ ✥ ✘ ✖ t
★
✥ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✘
✚
✗ ✓ t ✔ ✌ ✖ ♠ ✏ ✔ ✖ ✕ ✘
t ✒ ✘ ✥ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✘ ✏ ✓
✚
✘ ✘
✻ ★
✓
✜
➺➻➼ ➻➼ ➽
➾➾➾ ➚➪
✌
✚
➶ ➹ ➶ ➹
2
12 12➘ ➴
➷ ➬ ➮ ➱ ➮✃ ✃ ✃ ✃
ff ff
✳ ✳
✴
✳
✴
✳
✹ ❐
❒ ❒ ❒ ❒
✈ ✈❂
❮ ❮ ❰ ❰
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
✭ ✮
⑥
✷ ✷
✞
✷
✞
✷
✞
✥ ✟ ♦ s ✸ ✼
❢ ❢ ❢ ❢
✈ ✈ ✈ ✈ ✠❂ ✡ ✡ ✡ ➦
☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏
❙ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✑ ✙ ✔ ✘ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✚ ✒ ✛ ♠
✜
✢ ♠
✣
✑ ✕ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✦ ✙
✤ ✧ ✗ ★ ✓ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✧ ✩ ✚ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✤ ✪ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✔ ✧ ✫ ✬ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✕
✯ ✯ ✯
✰ ✰
✯
✐ ✱ ✱
✲ ✲ ✲✳ ✴
☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✏
❈
✗ ★
✵
✚ ✧ ✑ ✒ ✫
✹ ✺
✙ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✒ ✛ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✏
✻
✦ ✔ ✫ ✔ ✕
✓ ✗ ✙ ☛
✽
✾
✿
✍
❀ ❁
✏ ✢
❃
✗ ✧
✽
✾
✿
✍
❀ ❁
✢ ❄
❃ ❁
❚
✖
❅
✙
✻ ✽
✾
✢
❆
✍
❁
❚
✖ ✑ ✙
✵
✧ ✗ ✩ ✔ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✤ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✦ ✑ ✒ ✫ ✧ ✔ ✙
❅
✘ ✕ ❇ ✦ ✖ ✔ ✒ ✕ ✦ ✗ ✔
✺ ❅
✚ ✘
★ ✚ ✙ ✙ ✔ ✙
❅
✒ ✛ ✔ ✧ ✫ ✗ ✚ ✫ ✘ ✚ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✫ ✔ ✘ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✦ ✑ ✕ ✖
✗ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✔ ★ ✚ ✕ ✧ ✔ ✙ ✕
✻
✚ ✤ ✕ ✔ ✧ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✒
✻
✕ ✖ ✔ ✬ ✦ ✑ ✘ ✘
★ ✗ ✩ ✔ ✚ ✕ ✧ ✑ ✫ ✖ ✕ ✚ ✒ ✫ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✔ ✚ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✧ ✌ ❉
❚
✖ ✔ ★ ✚ ✕ ✕ ✔ ✧ ✙ ✑ ★
✵
✘ ✑ ✤ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✫ ✧ ✔ ✚ ✕ ✘ ✬ ✑ ✤ ✦ ✔ ✓ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✑ ✛ ✔ ✧
✙
✵
✖ ✔ ✧ ✑ ✓ ✚ ✘ ★ ✚ ✙ ✙ ✔ ✙ ✦ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✙ ★ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✙
❅
✧ ✤ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✙
✻
✚ ✒ ✛
✚ ✙ ✙
❅
★ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✕ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✚ ✪ ✔ ✙
✵
✘ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✬ ✦ ✖ ✔ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✔
❜ ✗ ✛ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✕ ✗
❅
✓ ✖ ✔ ✚ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✧ ✌
❚
✖ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✦ ✖ ✚ ✕ ✖ ✚
✵ ✵
✔ ✒ ✙
✑ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✫ ✚ ★ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✤ ★ ✚ ✧ ❜ ✘ ✔ ✙
✻
✓ ✚ ✧ ✧ ✗ ★ ✚ ✒ ✛ ❜ ✑ ✘ ✘ ✑ ✚ ✧ ✛ ✙ ✌
■
✒ ✗
❅
✧ ✔ ✩ ✔ ✧ ✬ ✛ ✚ ✬ ✦ ✗ ✧ ✘ ✛
✻
✓ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✪ ✔
✵
✘ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✬
✦ ✖ ✔ ✒ ✕ ✦ ✗ ❜ ✗ ✛ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✕ ✗
❅
✓ ✖ ✔ ✚ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✧ ✌ ❊
❅
✕ ✓ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✑ ✛ ✔ ✧
✚ ✓ ✗ ★ ✔ ✕ ✓ ✗ ★ ✑ ✒ ✫ ✤ ✧ ✗ ★ ✤ ✚ ✧ ✛ ✑ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✙
❅
✒
✻
✗ ✧
✚ ✘
✵
✖ ✚
✵
✚ ✧ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✔ ✓ ✗ ★ ✑ ✒ ✫ ✕ ✗ ✦ ✚ ✧ ✛ ✙ ✚ ✒
❅
✓ ✘ ✔
❅
✙ ✚ ✒ ✛
✫ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✫ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✬ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✗ ★ ✔ ✛ ✑ ✧ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✌ ❣ ✔ ✧ ✔ ✦ ✔ ✖ ✚ ✩ ✔ ✕ ✗
✛ ✔ ✚ ✘ ✦ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✗ ✧ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✩ ✗ ✘ ✩ ✑ ✒ ✫ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✚ ✕ ✚ ✛ ✑ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✌
❙
❅
✓ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✔ ✩ ✔ ✒ ✕ ✑ ✙ ✓ ✚ ✘ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✙ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✕ ✔ ✧ ✑ ✒ ✫ ✌
❚
✖ ✔ ✩ ✔ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✙
✚ ✒ ✛ ✛ ✑ ✧ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✦ ✖ ✑ ✓ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✦ ✗
✵
✚ ✧ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✫ ✗ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✬
✛ ✔
✵
✔ ✒ ✛ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✧ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✕ ✑ ✚ ✘ ✩ ✔ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✦ ✔ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✔
✕ ✬
✵
✔ ✗ ✤ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✧ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✒ ❜ ✔ ✕ ✦ ✔ ✔ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✔ ★
✻
✕ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✧ ★ ✚ ✙ ✙ ✔ ✙
✻
✙ ✖ ✚
✵
✔ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✛ ✙ ✑
❋
✔ ✙ ✌
● ❍ ❏ ❏ ❑ ▲ ▼
◆ ❖ ◗ ❘ ❯ ✇ ❱❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❩ ❲ ❭ ❪ ❫❴ ❩ ❱ ❲ ❩ ❵ ❛ ❝ ❞ ❝ ❯ ❛ ❝ ❘ ❞ ❝ ❝ ❘ ❯ ❡ ❘ ❞ ❤ ❥ ❯ ❦ ❤ ❧ ❦ ❤ ❯ ❝ ❦ ❡ ❯ ❤ ❯ ♥ ❥ ♣ q r ❞ t q ✉ ♣ ❦ ❛ ❝ ❘ ❯ ① q ♥ ❧
✉ q ❤ ❯ t ♣ ❝ ❘ ❯ ❤ ❯ ❝ r q ♥ ❡ ❯ q ❤ ❝ ❘ ❯ t q ✉ ♣ ❖
②
③
❨
②
④
⑤ ⑦
⑧ ⑨ ⑩
❶ ❖ ❷ r q ♥ ❡ ❯ ❦ ❛ ❸ ❱❬ ❹❩ ❲ ❺❻ ❫❼ ❺❩ ❦ r ❽ ❦ ❾ ① q ♥ ❧ ✉ q ❤ ❯ t ♣ ❦ ❝ q ❤ ❞ ❤ q t ❿ ❯ ❡ ❝ ❦ ❛ ➀ ❞ ❝ ❘ ❦ ❤ ✉ ❯ ➀ ❯ ❤ ✉ ❯ ❤ ❝ ❞ ❤ ✉
✉ ❯ ➀ ❯ ❤ ✉ ❛ q ❤
➁
♣ q ❤ ❝ ❘ ❯ ❯ ❤ ✉ ➀ q ❦ ❤ ❝ ❛
➂ ➃
④
➄ ➃
➅
➆ ➇
q ♥ ❽ ❦ ❦ ❾ ❝ ❘ ❯ ① q ♥ ❧ ✉ q ❤ ❯ t ♣ ❝ ❘ ❯ r q ♥ ❡ ❯ ❦ ❛
➈
❯ ♥ q r q ♥ ❞ ❤
❞ ♥ t ❦ ❝ ♥ ❞ ♥ ♣ ❡
➁
q ❛ ❯ ✉ ➀ ❞ ❝ ❘ ❝ ❞ ❧ ❯ ❤ t ♣ ❝ ❘ ❯ q t ❿ ❯ ❡ ❝ ❛
➉
❡ ❘ ❝ ❘ ❞ ❝ ❦ ❝ ♥ ❯ ❝
➉
♥ ❤ ❛ ❝ q ❦ ❝ ❛ ❦ ❤ ❦ ❝ ❦ ❞
➁
➀ q ❛ ❦ ❝ ❦ q ❤ ❖
➊ ❖ ➋ q ♥ ❞ ❡ q ❤ ❛ ❯ ♥ ➌ ❞ ❝ ❦ ➌ ❯ r q ♥ ❡ ❯ ❦ ❤ q ❤ ❯ ✉ ❦ ➍ ❯ ❤ ❛ ❦ q ❤
➇
① ❯ ➍ ❞ ♣ ✉ ❯ r ❦ ❤ ❯ ❞ ➎ ❱ ❫❩ ❬ ❫❼ ❻ ➏ ❩ ❬ ❩ ❲ ❭ ❪ r
➉
❤ ❡ ❝ ❦ q ❤ ➐❽
➃
❾
❛
➉
❡ ❘ ❝ ❘ ❞ ❝
➑ ➒
➓ ➒
➒
➔
→
➣ ↔
➔
→
↕
↕
q ♥
➙ ➙
✢
➛ ➜ ➜
✐ ✱
➝
➝
➞
➟
➠
➡ ➢
➤
✛
➥
❖ ◗ ❘ ❯ ➀ ♥ ❦ ❤ ❡ ❦ ➀
➁
❯ q r ❡ q ❤ ❛ ❯ ♥ ➌ ❞ ❝ ❦ q ❤ q r ➍ ❯ ❡ ❘ ❞ ❤ ❦ ❡ ❞
➁
❯ ❤ ❯ ♥ ❥ ♣ ❛ ❝ ❞ ❝ ❯ ❛ ❝ ❘ ❞ ❝ ❝ ❘ ❯ ❝ q ❝ ❞
➁
➍ ❯ ❡ ❘ ❞ ❤ ❦ ❡ ❞
➁
❯ ❤ ❯ ♥ ❥ ♣ q r ❞ t q ✉ ♣ ♥ ❯ ➍ ❞ ❦ ❤ ❛ ❡ q ❤ ❛ ❝ ❞ ❤ ❝ ❦ r ❝ ❘ ❯ q ❤
➁
♣ r q ♥ ❡ ❯ ❛ ❝ ❘ ❞ ❝ ❞ ❡ ❝ q ❤ ❝ ❘ ❯ t q ✉ ♣ ❞ ♥ ❯ ❡ q ❤ ❛ ❯ ♥ ➌ ❞ ❝ ❦ ➌ ❯ ❖
➧
❖ ◗ ❘ ❯ ❭ ❲ ❻ ❺❼ ❫❻ ❫❼ ❱❬ ❻ ➏ ➎ ❱ ❫❩ ❬ ❫❼ ❻ ➏ ❩ ❬ ❩ ❲ ❭ ❪ q r ❞ ➀ ❞ ♥ ❝ ❦ ❡
➁
❯ q r ➍ ❞ ❛ ❛ ❵ ❞ ❝ ❞ ❘ ❯ ❦ ❥ ❘ ❝
➃
❞ t q
➉
❝ ❝ ❘ ❯ ❯ ❞ ♥ ❝ ❘
➨
❛
❛
➉
♥ r ❞ ❡ ❯ ❦ ❛
➐❽
➃
❾
⑤
❵ ❭
➃
① ❘ ❯ ♥ ❯ ❝ ❘ ❯ ➌ ❞ ♥ ❦ ❞ ❝ ❦ q ❤ q r ❥ ① ❦ ❝ ❘ ❘ ❯ ❦ ❥ ❘ ❝ ❦ ❛ ❦ ❥ ❤ q ♥ ❯ ✉ ❖
➩
❖ ◗ ❘ ❯ ❯
➁
❞ ❛ ❝ ❦ ❡ ➀ q ❝ ❯ ❤ ❝ ❦ ❞
➁
❯ ❤ ❯ ♥ ❥ ♣ q r ❞ ❛ ➀ ♥ ❦ ❤ ❥ q r r q ♥ ❡ ❯ ❡ q ❤ ❛ ❝ ❞ ❤ ❝ ❳ ❞ ❤ ✉ ❯
➫
❝ ❯ ❤ ❛ ❦ q ❤
➃
❦ ❛
➭ ➯ ➲ ➯
➳
➵
➸
➺
➻
➼
➽
❖ ◗ ❘ ❯ ❛ ❡ ❞
➁
❞ ♥ q ♥ ✉ q ❝ ➀ ♥ q ✉
➉
❡ ❝ q r ❝ ① q ➌ ❯ ❡ ❝ q ♥ ❛
❑
❞ ❤ ✉
➾
❦ ❛ ① ♥ ❦ ❝ ❝ ❯ ❤ ❞ ❛
❑ ➚ ➾
❞ ❤ ✉ ❦ ❛ ❞ ❛ ❡ ❞
➁
❞ ♥
➪
➉
❞ ❤ ❝ ❦ ❝ ♣ ❥ ❦ ➌ ❯ ❤ t ♣ ➶
❑
➚
➾
➹ ➘ ➴ ❡ q ❛ ➷ ➬ ① ❘ ❯ ♥ ❯ ➷ ❦ ❛ ❝ ❘ ❯ ❞ ❤ ❥
➁
❯ t ❯ ❝ ① ❯ ❯ ❤
❑
❞ ❤ ✉
➾
❖ ➮ ❝ ❡ ❞ ❤ t ❯
➀ q ❛ ❦ ❝ ❦ ➌ ❯
➇
❤ ❯ ❥ ❞ ❝ ❦ ➌ ❯ q ♥
➈
❯ ♥ q ✉ ❯ ➀ ❯ ❤ ✉ ❦ ❤ ❥
➉
➀ q ❤ ❝ ❘ ❯ ➌ ❞
➁ ➉
❯ q r ➷ ❖ ◗ ❘ ❯ ❛ ❡ ❞
➁
❞ ♥ ➀ ♥ q ✉
➉
❡ ❝ q r ❝ ① q
➌ ❯ ❡ ❝ q ♥ ❛ ❡ ❞ ❤ t ❯ ❦ ❤ ❝ ❯ ♥ ➀ ♥ ❯ ❝ ❯ ✉ ❞ ❛ ❝ ❘ ❯ ➀ ♥ q ✉
➉
❡ ❝ q r ➍ ❞ ❥ ❤ ❦ ❝
➉
✉ ❯ q r q ❤ ❯ ➌ ❯ ❡ ❝ q ♥ ❞ ❤ ✉ ❡ q ➍ ➀ q ❤ ❯ ❤ ❝
q r ❝ ❘ ❯ q ❝ ❘ ❯ ♥ ➌ ❯ ❡ ❝ q ♥ ❞
➁
q ❤ ❥ ❝ ❘ ❯ r ❦ ♥ ❛ ❝ ➌ ❯ ❡ ❝ q ♥ ❖ ➋ q ♥
➉
❤ ❦ ❝ ➌ ❯ ❡ ❝ q ♥ ❛ ➶
➱ ➱ ➱ ➱ ➱ ➱
✃ ✃ ❐ ❐ ❒ ❒❮ ❰ ❮ ❰ ❮ ❰ Ï
❞ ❤ ✉
Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð Ð
Ñ Ò Ò Ó Ó ÑÔ Õ Ô Õ Ô Õ Ö
× ❡ ❞
➁
❞ ♥ ➀ ♥ q ✉
➉
❡ ❝ ❛ q t ❯ ♣ ❝ ❘ ❯ ❡ q ➍ ➍
➉
❝ ❞ ❝ ❦ ➌ ❯ ❞ ❤ ✉ ❝ ❘ ❯ ✉ ❦ ❛ ❝ ♥ ❦ t
➉
❝ ❦ ➌ ❯
➁
❞ ① ❛ ❖
❲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ☎ ✁ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✆ ✠ ✡   ❲ ☎ ✁ ✶ ☛ ☛
P ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✎ ☞ P ☞ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✓
✔ ✳ ❚ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✣✢ ✙ ✤ ✖ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✥ ✦ ✘ ✧ ★ ✦ ✩ ✖ ✪ ✫ ✚ ✫ ✩ ✜ ✦ ✬ ✗ ✢ ✖ ✤ ✖ ✳ ✭ ✖ ✚ ✕ ✦ ✣✢ ★ ✘ ✖ ❡ ✖ ✘ ✮ ✦ ✘ ✫ ✬ ✗ ✢ ✯
✜ ✢ ✖ ✙ ✘ ✢ ✯
❝
✯ ✜ ✦ ✩ ✤ ✖
✰
✤
✱
✤ ✦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✥ ✦ ✘ ✧ ★ ✦ ✩ ✖
❝
✯ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✜ ✫ ❡ ✫ ✜ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✖ ✦ ✘ ✙
✲
✘ ✦ ✣ ✗ ✦ ❡ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✦ ✩ ✙
✲
✫ ❣ ✖ ✩
❝
✦ ★ ✯ ✦ ❣ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✖ ✘ ✤ ✙ ✫ ✩ ★ ✫ ✚ ✗ ✢ ✙ ✜ ✖ ✬ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✳
✷ ✳ ✭ ✦ ✘ ✧ ★ ✦ ✩ ✖ ✫ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✘ ♦ ✣ ✙ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✤ ✯ ✳ ✴ ✤ ✜ ✙ ✩
❝
✖ ✗ ✦ ✚ ✫ ✤ ✫ ❣ ✖ ✦ ✘ ✩ ✖
✲
✙ ✤ ✫ ❣ ✖ ✣ ✩ ✢ ✫ ✧ ✖ ✬ ✙ ✚ ✚ ✙ ✩ ★
✧ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✤ ✫ ✜ ✖ ✩ ✖ ✘
✲
✯ ✥ ✕ ✫ ✜ ✕ ✙ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✦ ✚ ✫ ✤ ✫ ❣ ✖ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✘ ♦ ✣✙ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✤ ✫ ✖ ✚ ✳ ❚ ✕ ✖ ✥ ✦ ✘ ✧ ★ ✦ ✩ ✖
❝
✯ ✤ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✘ ✫ ✜ ✤ ✫ ✦ ✩
✦ ✘ ❣ ✫ ✚ ✜ ✦ ✣✚ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✖ ✦ ✩ ✙ ✬ ✦ ❣ ✫ ✩
✲ ❝
✦ ★ ✯ ✫ ✚ ✩ ✖
✲
✙ ✤ ✫ ❣ ✖ ✳
✸ ✳ ❋ ✦ ✘ ✤ ✥ ✦
❝
✦ ★ ✫ ✖ ✚ ✵ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✣✬ ✦ ❡ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✬ ✣✤ ✣ ✙ ✢ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✖
✰
✖ ✘ ✤ ✖ ★
❝
✖ ✤ ✥ ✖ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✬ ✫ ✚ ✹ ✖ ✘ ✦ ❡ ✘ ✦ ✬
◆ ✖ ✥ ✤ ✦ ✩ ✪ ✚ ❚ ✕ ✫ ✘ ★ ✺ ✙ ✥ ✵
✻
✼ ✽
✾ ✻
✽ ✼
❂ ✿
❇
✣✤ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✣✬ ✦ ❡ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✥ ✦ ✘ ✧ ★ ✦ ✩ ✖
❝
✯ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✥ ✦ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✩ ✖ ✖ ★ ✩ ✦ ✤
❛ ❀ ❁ ❛ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❛ ❆ ❅ ❈ ❀ ❉ ❊ ● ❈ ●
❍
■ ❏
❑ ❍
❏ ■
▲ ▼
❖ ✦ ✥ ✖ ❣ ✖ ✘ ✵ ✫ ✤ ♠
❛ ❃ ❄
◗ ♠
❈
❘
❊
♠
❈❄
❙
❈
❘❯ ❱
❈ ●
❳
✳ ❚ ✕ ✖ ✥ ✦ ✘ ✧ ★ ✦ ✩ ✖
❝
✯ ✙ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✖ ✜ ✙ ✩
❝
✖ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✣✢ ✙ ✤ ✖ ★ ✚ ✦ ✬ ✖ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✖ ✚ ✖ ❣ ✖ ✩ ✫ ❡ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✖
✰
✙ ✜ ✤ ✩ ✙ ✤ ✣✘ ✖ ✦ ❡
✤ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✖ ✫ ✚ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✧ ✩ ✦ ✥ ✩ ✳ ❚ ✕ ✫ ✚ ✫ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✖ ✙ ✘ ❡ ✘ ✦ ✬ t
✰
✙ ✬ ✗ ✢ ✖ ❨ ✳ ✔ ✥ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✖ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✭ t ✤ ✕ ✖ ✦ ✘ ✖ ✬ ✫ ✚
✣✚ ✖ ★ ✫ ✩ ✚ ✣✜ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✫ ✤ ✣ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✳
❩
✳ ❚ ✕ ✖ ✭ t ✤ ✕ ✖ ✦ ✘ ✖ ✬ ✫ ✚ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✫ ✩ ★ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✩ ★ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✦ ❡ ◆ ✖ ✥ ✤ ✦ ✩ ✪ ✚
❬
✖ ✜ ✦ ✩ ★ ✺ ✙ ✥ ✳ ❚ ✕ ✖ ✭ t ✤ ✕ ✖ ✦ ✘ ✖ ✬
✬ ✙ ✯
❝
✖ ❣ ✫ ✖ ✥ ✖ ★ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✘ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✬ ✦ ❡ ✤ ✕ ✖
❬
✖ ✜ ✦ ✩ ★ ✺ ✙ ✥ ✳ ❚ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✫ ✩ ✜ ✫ ✗ ✢ ✖ ✦ ❡ ✜ ✦ ✩ ✚ ✖ ✘ ❣ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✦ ✩
✦ ❡ ✬ ✖ ✜ ✕ ✙ ✩ ✫ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✩ ✖ ✘
✲
✯ ✬ ✙ ✯
❝
✖ ❣ ✫ ✖ ✥ ✖ ★ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✦ ✩ ✚ ✖ ♦ ✣✖ ✩ ✜ ✖ ✦ ❡ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✭ t ✤ ✕ ✖ ✦ ✘ ✖ ✬ ❡ ✦ ✘
✜ ✦ ✩ ✚ ✖ ✘ ❣ ✙ ✤ ✫ ❣ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✳
❨ ✳ ❚ ✕ ✖ ✭ t ✤ ✕ ✖ ✦ ✘ ✖ ✬ ✕ ✦ ✢ ★ ✚ ✫ ✩ ✙ ✢ ✢ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✘ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✢ ❡ ✘ ✙ ✬ ✖ ✚ ✳ ✴ ✤ ✜ ✙ ✩ ✙ ✢ ✚ ✦
❝
✖ ✖
✰
✤ ✖ ✩ ★ ✖ ★ ✤ ✦ ✩ ✦ ✩
❭
✫ ✩ ✖ ✘ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✢ ❡ ✘ ✙ ✬ ✖ ✚ ✗ ✘ ✦ ❣ ✫ ★ ✖ ★ ✥ ✖ ✫ ✩ ✜ ✢ ✣★ ✖ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✖ ✣★ ✦ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✫ ✩ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✣✢ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✦ ❡ ✤ ✕ ✖
✩ ✖ ✤ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✖ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✫ ✩
✲
✦ ✩ ✤ ✕ ✖
❝
✦ ★ ✯ ✣ ✩ ★ ✖ ✘ ✜ ✦ ✩ ✚ ✫ ★ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✳
❪
✳ ❚ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✦ ✤ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✩ ✖ ✘
✲
✯ ✦ ❡ ✙
❝
✦ ★ ✯ ✚ ✣
❝ ❫
✖ ✜ ✤ ✖ ★ ✤ ✦ ✙ ✜ ✦ ✩ ✚ ✖ ✘ ❣ ✙ ✤ ✫ ❣ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✖ ✫ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✥ ✙ ✯✚
✣ ✩ ★ ✖ ✤ ✖ ✘ ✬ ✫ ✩ ✖ ★ ✣ ✗ ✤ ✦ ✙ ✜ ✦ ✩ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✩ ✤ ✳ ❋ ✦ ✘ ✖
✰
✙ ✬ ✗ ✢ ✖ ✵ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✦ ✫ ✩ ✤ ✥ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✖ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✦ ✤ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✢
✖ ✩ ✖ ✘
✲
✯ ✫ ✚ ✹ ✖ ✘ ✦ ✫ ✚ ✙ ✬ ✙ ✤ ✤ ✖ ✘ ✦ ❡ ✜ ✕ ✦ ✫ ✜ ✖ ✳ ❋ ✦ ✘ ✤ ✕ ✖
✲
✘ ✙ ❣ ✫ ✤ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✦ ✤ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✩ ✖ ✘
✲
✯ ♠
✲
❤ ✵
✤ ✕ ✖ ✹ ✖ ✘ ✦ ✦ ❡ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✦ ✤ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✩ ✖ ✘
✲
✯ ✫ ✚ ✜ ✕ ✦ ✚ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✦
❝
✖ ✤ ✕ ✖
✲
✘ ✦ ✣ ✩ ★ ✳ ❋ ✦ ✘ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✗ ✘ ✫ ✩
✲
✗ ✦ ✤ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✩ ✖ ✘
✲
✯ ❦ ❴
❏
❵ ✷ ✵ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✹ ✖ ✘ ✦ ✦ ❡ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✦ ✤ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✩ ✖ ✘
✲
✯ ✫ ✚ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✖ ♦ ✣ ✫ ✢ ✫
❝
✘ ✫ ✣✬ ✗ ✦ ✚ ✫ ✤ ✫ ✦ ✩
✦ ❡ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✦ ✚ ✜ ✫ ✢ ✢ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✩
✲
✬ ✙ ✚ ✚ ✳
❜
✳ t ❣ ✖ ✘ ✯ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✜ ✖ ✖ ✩ ✜ ✦ ✣ ✩ ✤ ✖ ✘ ✖ ★ ✫ ✩ ✬ ✖ ✜ ✕ ✙ ✩ ✫ ✜ ✚ ★ ✦ ✖ ✚ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✕ ✙ ❣ ✖ ✙ ✩ ✙ ✚ ✚ ✦ ✜ ✫ ✙ ✤ ✖ ★ ✗ ✦ ✤ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✢
✖ ✩ ✖ ✘
✲
✯✳ ❋ ✦ ✘ ✖
✰
✙ ✬ ✗ ✢ ✖ ✵ ✥ ✦ ✘ ✧ ★ ✦ ✩ ✖
❝
✯ ❡ ✘ ✫ ✜ ✤ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✦ ❣ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✚ ✖ ★ ✗ ✙ ✤ ✕ ✫ ✚ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✹ ✖ ✘ ✦ ✙ ✩ ★ ✩ ✦
✗ ✦ ✤ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✢ ✖ ✩ ✖ ✘
✲
✯ ✜ ✙ ✩
❝
✖ ✙ ✚ ✚ ✦ ✜ ✫ ✙ ✤ ✖ ★ ✥ ✫ ✤ ✕ ❡ ✘ ✫ ✜ ✤ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✳
❞
✳
❢
✣✘ ✫ ✩
✲
✙ ✜ ✦ ✢ ✢ ✫ ✚ ✫ ✦ ✩
✐
✮ ✙
✱
✤ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✙ ✢ ✢ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✙ ✘ ✬ ✦ ✬ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✣✬ ✫ ✚ ✜ ✦ ✩ ✚ ✖ ✘ ❣ ✖ ★ ✙ ✤ ✖ ✙ ✜ ✕ ✫ ✩ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✩ ✤ ✦ ❡
✤ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✦ ✢ ✢ ✫ ✚ ✫ ✦ ✩
❥
✮
❝ ✱
✤ ✕ ✖ ✧ ✫ ✩ ✖ ✤ ✫ ✜ ✖ ✩ ✖ ✘
✲
✯ ✜ ✦ ✩ ✚ ✖ ✘ ❣ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✮ ✖ ❣ ✖ ✩ ✫ ❡ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✦ ✢ ✢ ✫ ✚ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✫ ✚ ✖ ✢ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✫ ✜
✱
✙ ✗ ✗ ✢ ✫ ✖ ✚ ✙ ❡ ✤ ✖ ✘ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✦ ✢ ✢ ✫ ✚ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✫ ✚ ✦ ❣ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✩ ★ ★ ✦ ✖ ✚ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✕ ✦ ✢ ★ ✙ ✤ ✖ ❣ ✖ ✘ ✯ ✫ ✩ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✩ ✤ ✦ ❡ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✦ ✢ ✢ ✫ ✚ ✫ ✦ ✩ ✳
✴✩ ❡ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✜ ✦ ✢ ✢ ✫ ★ ✫ ✩
✲
✦
❝ ❫
✖ ✜ ✤ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✖ ★ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✘ ✬ ✖ ★ ✙ ✩ ★ ✬ ✙ ✯
❝
✖ ✬ ✦ ✬ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✙ ✘ ✫ ✢ ✯ ✙ ✤ ✘ ✖ ✚ ✤
✥ ✫ ✤ ✕ ✘ ✖ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✜ ✤ ✤ ✦ ✖ ✙ ✜ ✕ ✦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✳
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
❊ ✞ ❊ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ❊ ☛
✻ ☞ ✌ ❚ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✙ ✛ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✥ ✜ ✓ ✥ ✥ ✔ ✦ ✓ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✏ ✥ ✜ ✓ ✙ ✧ ★ ✥ ✜ ✥ ✎ ✢ ✜ ✗ ✎ ✕ ✦✩ ✩ ✛
✑ ✕ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✔ ✩ ✩ ✔ ✖ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✐ ✦ ✜ ✓ ✥ ✑ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✜ ✗ ✎ ✤ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✑ ✪ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✎ ✒ ✜ ✥ ✑ ✪ ✎ ✫
✭ ✜ ✮ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✜ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✩ ✑ ✕ ✥ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✜ ✚ ✦ ✢ ✘ ✎ ✥ ✔ ✦ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✎ ✩ ✩ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✎ ✜ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✤ ✎ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✥ ✔ ✥ ✍ ✎
✚ ✦✢ ✘ ✎ ✥ ✧
✭
✚ ✮ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✚ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✪ ✑ ✥ ✜ ✥ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✩ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✑ ✓ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✪ ✎ ✢ ✜ ✏ ✎
✇
✭
✢ ✮ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✚ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✑ ✢ ✥ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✙ ✛
✏ ✩ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✜ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✢ ✩ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✜ ✓ ✎
✇
✭
✙ ✮ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✜ ✤ ✤ ✩ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✔ ✓
✜ ✚ ✔ ✙ ✛ ✣ ✔ ✪ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✦ ✒ ✍
✍ ✔ ✗ ✑ ❤ ✔ ✓ ✥ ✜ ✩ ✤ ✩ ✜ ✓ ✎ ✖ ✑ ✥ ✍ ✦ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✣
✪ ✎ ✩ ✔ ✢ ✑ ✥ ✛
✇
✭
✎ ✮ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✚ ✛ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✥ ✑ ✪ ✎ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✔ ✕
✜ ✑ ✗ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✪ ✑ ✚ ✗ ✜ ✥ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✤ ✎ ✓ ✙ ✦ ✩ ✦✣ ✑ ✓
✚ ✗ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✔ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✥ ✧
✻ ☞
✬ ❆
✚ ✔ ✙ ✛ ✔ ✕ ✣ ✜ ✏ ✏
✯
✘ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✑ ✥ ✑ ✜ ✩ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✥ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✥
✣ ✔ ✪ ✎ ✏ ✦ ✓ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✜ ✢ ✥ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✜ ✓ ✜ ✤ ✤ ✩ ✑ ✎ ✙
✍ ✔ ✗ ✑ ❤ ✔ ✓ ✥ ✜ ✩ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✼ ✰ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✥ ✜ ✚ ✩ ✎ ✖ ✑ ✥ ✍
✢ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ✑ ✢ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✥ ✑ ✢ ✕ ✗ ✑ ✢ ✥ ✑ ✔ ✓
❝ ✱
✧
✲
✧
❈
✔ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✎ ✥ ✍ ✎
✭
✜ ✮ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✚ ✛ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✜ ✤ ✤ ✩ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✑ ✓
✲ ✱
✏
✇
✭
✚ ✮ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✚ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✑ ✢ ✥ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✓
✲ ✱
✏
✇
✭
✢ ✮ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✚ ✛ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✥ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✢ ✎ ✔ ✓ ✥ ✍ ✎
✚ ✔ ✙ ✛ ✑ ✓
✲ ✱
✏
✇
✭
✙ ✮ ✢ ✍ ✜ ✓ ✒✎ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✥ ✑ ✢ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✛ ✔ ✕ ✥ ✍ ✎
✚ ✔ ✙ ✛ ✑ ✓
✲ ✱
✏
✇
✜ ✓ ✙ ✑ ✓ ✥ ✎ ✗ ✤ ✗ ✎ ✥ ✛ ✔ ✦ ✗ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✦✩ ✥ ✏ ✧
✻ ☞
✳ ●
✑ ✪ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✓
✴
✑ ✒ ✧
✵
✧
✲ ✲
✜ ✗ ✎ ✎
✷
✜ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✔ ✣ ✎
✤ ✔ ✥ ✎ ✓ ✥ ✑ ✜ ✩ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✛ ✕ ✦ ✓ ✢ ✥ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✎
✙ ✑ ✣ ✎ ✓ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✧ ❚ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✔ ✥ ✜ ✩ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✛ ✔ ✕ ✥ ✍ ✎
✤ ✜ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✢ ✩ ✎ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✜ ✥ ✎ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✗ ✔ ✏ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✥ ✍ ✎
✔ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✓ ✜ ✥ ✎ ✜
✷
✑ ✏ ✧
♦
✓ ✎ ✜ ✢ ✍ ✢ ✜ ✏ ✎
✇
✏ ✤ ✎ ✢ ✑ ✕ ✛ ✥ ✍ ✎
✗ ✎ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✏
✇
✑ ✕ ✜ ✓ ✛
✇
✑ ✓ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✢ ✍ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✤ ✜ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✢ ✩ ✎
✢ ✜ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✥ ✚ ✎ ✕ ✔ ✦ ✓ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✑ ✪ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✒✛ ✧
❆
✩ ✏ ✔
✇
✑ ✓ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✜ ✥ ✎ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✣ ✑ ✓ ✑ ✣ ✦ ✣ ✥ ✔ ✥ ✜ ✩
✎ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✒✛ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✤ ✜ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✢ ✩ ✎ ✣ ✦✏ ✥ ✍ ✜ ✪ ✎ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✜ ✢ ✍
✢ ✜ ✏ ✎ ✧ ❚ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✎ ✤ ✍ ✛ ✏ ✑ ✢ ✜ ✩ ✢ ✔ ✓ ✥ ✎
✷
✥ ✏
✕ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✢ ✍ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✤ ✔ ✥ ✎ ✓ ✥ ✑ ✜ ✩ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✛ ✏ ✍ ✜ ✤ ✎ ✏
✜ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✩ ✎ ✪ ✜ ✓ ✥ ✧
❋ ✸ ✹ ✺ ✽ ✺ ✾✾
❲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ☎ ✁ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✆ ✠ ✡   ❲ ☎ ✁ ✶ ☛ ☞
✻ ✌✍ ❚ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙✚ ✛ ✜✔ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✖
✑ ✖ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✗ ✏ ✏ ♣ ✏ ✢ ✜ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✣ ✕ ✤ ✑ ✗ ✏
✎ ✖ ✘ ✤ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✢ ✤ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✣ ✙✕
❤
✏ ✔
✥
✚
❱✭ ①✮ ✦
❦ ①
✷
✴ ✧ ★ ✩
✎ ✏ ✘ ✏
❦
✕ ✣ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✢ ✏ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✓
✒ ✛ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✣ ✢ ✕ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✳ ✪ ✒ ✘
❦ ✦
✵ ✳ ✫ ✬ ✤
✲ ✯
★
✓ ✎ ✏ ✙✘ ✖ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✛
❱ ✭ ①✮ ❤
✏ ✘ ✣ ✜ ✣
①
✕ ✣ ✣ ✎ ✒
✩
✔
✕ ✔ ✪ ✕ ✙✳
✐
✳
✰ ✧
✳
✱
✎ ✒
✩
✓ ✎ ✖ ✓ ✖ ✑ ✖ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✛
✓ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✚
✰
t ✤ ✒
❤
✕ ✔ ✙ ✜ ✔ ✸ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✕ ✣
✑ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✤ ✜✣ ✓
✹
✓ ✜ ✘ ✔
✥
✖ ✢
✺ ✼ ✩
✎ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✓
✘ ✏ ✖ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✣
① ✽ ✾ ✧
✤ ✳
✻ ✌
✿ ❆
✔ ✣
✩
✏ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✒
✩
✕ ✔ ✙
❀
✭
✖
✮
❚ ✎ ✏ ✢ ✖ ✣ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✒ ✛ ✖ ✘ ✒ ✢
✺
✏ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✗ ✕ ✙✎ ✓
✥
✜✘ ✔ ✣ ✜ ✑ ✸ ✜ ✏ ✓ ✒ ✛ ✘ ✕ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✳
❆
✓
✩
✎ ✒ ✣ ✏ ✏ ♣ ✑ ✏ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✕ ✣ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✓
✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙✚ ✘ ✏
❡
✜✕ ✘ ✏ ✸ ✛ ✒ ✘
✥
✜ ✘ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✙
✒
✥
✓ ✖ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✸ ♦ ❚ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✒ ✢
✺
✏ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✏
✖ ✓ ✤ ✒ ✣ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✏ ♦
✭ ✥ ✮ ❈
✒ ✤ ✏ ✓ ✣ ✤ ✒
❤
✏ ✖ ✘ ✒ ✜✔ ✸ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✣ ✜ ✔
✕ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✖ ✗ ✒ ✘
✥
✕ ✓ ✣ ✳ ❚ ✎ ✏
✙ ✘ ✖
❤
✕ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✢ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✏
✢ ✒ ✤ ✏ ✓ ✸ ✜✏ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✣ ✜✔ ✕ ✣ ✔ ✒ ✓
✔ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✢ ✒ ✤ ✏ ✓
✼
✣
❤
✏ ✗ ✒ ✢ ✕ ✓ ✚
✕ ✔ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✳
❁
✏ ✓ ✓ ✎ ✏
✩
✒ ✘
✺
✸ ✒ ✔ ✏
✥
✚ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✙✘ ✖
❤
✕ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✢ ✏ ✒
❤
✏ ✘ ✏
❤
✏ ✘ ✚ ✢ ✒ ✤ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✒ ✘
✥
✕ ✓
✒ ✛ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✢ ✒ ✤ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✣
❂
✏ ✘ ✒ ✳
❃
✎ ✚ ♦
✭
✢
✮ ❆
✔ ✖ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✛ ✕ ✢ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✒ ✘
✥
✕ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✕ ✔
❤
✏ ✘ ✚ ✓ ✎ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✒ ✣ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✏ ✗ ✒ ✣ ✏ ✣ ✕ ✓ ✣ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✚
✙✘ ✖ ✸ ✜ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✚ ✸ ✜ ✏ ✓ ✒ ✸ ✕ ✣ ✣ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✔ ✣ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✒ ✣ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✢ ✘ ✏ ✣ ✕ ✣ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✢ ✏
★
✎ ✒
✩
✏
❤
✏ ✘ ✣ ✤ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✳
❃
✎ ✚
✓ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✸ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✕ ✓ ✣ ✣ ✑ ✏ ✏ ✸ ✕ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✣ ✏ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✙ ✘ ✏ ✣ ✣ ✕
❤
✏ ✗ ✚ ✖ ✣ ✕ ✓ ✢ ✒ ✤ ✏ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✒ ✣ ✏ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✸ ✢ ✗ ✒ ✣ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✓ ✎ ♦
✭
✸
✮
■ ✔ ✪ ✕ ✙✳
✐
✳
✰
❄
✭
✕
✮
✓ ✎ ✏ ✤ ✖ ✔
✩
✖ ✗
✺
✣
✧
✤ ✢ ✖ ✘ ✘ ✚✕ ✔ ✙ ✖ ✤ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✒ ✛
✰
✫
✺
✙ ✒ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✣ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✸ ✣ ✳ ■ ✔ ✪ ✕ ✙✳
✐
✳
✰
❄
✭
✕ ✕
✮ ★
✎ ✏
✩
✖ ✗
✺
✣ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✣ ✖ ✤ ✏ ✸ ✕ ✣ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✢ ✏ ✑ ✜✗ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✏
✥
✏ ✎ ✕ ✔ ✸ ✎ ✕ ✤ ✳ ❚ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✙✒ ✏ ✣
✒
❤
✏ ✘ ✖ ✑ ✜✗ ✗ ✏ ✚
★
✖ ✔ ✸ ✖ ✤ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✒ ✛
✰
✫
✺
✙ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✓ ✣ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✏ ✔ ✸ ✳ ■ ✔
✩
✎ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✢ ✖ ✣ ✏ ✕ ✣ ✓ ✎ ✏
✩
✒ ✘
✺
✸ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✙✘ ✏ ✖ ✓ ✏ ✘ ♦
✻ ✌ ✻ ❯ ✔ ✸ ✏ ✘ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✢ ✒ ✘ ✘ ✏ ✢ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✕
❤
✏
❀
✭
✖
✮ ❃
✎ ✏ ✔ ✖ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✘
❤
✖ ✓ ✕
❤
✏ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✢ ✏ ✸ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✕ ✓ ✕
❤
✏
✩
✒ ✘
✺
✒ ✔ ✖
✥
✒ ✸ ✚
★
✓ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✛
✓ ✎ ✏
✥
✒ ✸ ✚ ✕ ✔ ✢ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✣ ✏ ✣
❅
✸ ✏ ✢ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✣ ✏ ✣
❅
✘ ✏ ✤ ✖ ✕ ✔ ✣ ✜ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✏ ✸ ✳
✭ ✥ ✮ ❃
✒ ✘
✺
✸ ✒ ✔ ✏
✥
✚ ✖
✥
✒ ✸ ✚ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✕ ✔ ✣ ✓ ✛ ✘ ✕ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✗
✩
✖ ✚✣ ✘ ✏ ✣ ✜✗ ✓ ✣ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✒ ✣ ✣ ✒ ✛ ✕ ✓ ✣
✺
✕ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✢
❅
✑ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✗
✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✚✳
✭
✢
✮
❚ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✏ ✒ ✛ ✢ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✛ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✤ ✒ ✤ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✜✤ ✒ ✛ ✖ ✤ ✖ ✔ ✚
❇
✑ ✖ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✗ ✏ ✣ ✚✣ ✓ ✏ ✤ ✕ ✣ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✗
✓ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✏ ♣ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✢ ✏
❅
✣ ✜✤ ✒ ✛ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✢ ✏ ✣ ✒ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✣ ✚✣ ✓ ✏ ✤ ✳
✭
✸
✮
■ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✖ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✣ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✛ ✓
✩
✒
✥
✒ ✸ ✕ ✏ ✣
★
✓ ✎ ✏
❡
✜ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✏ ✣
✩
✎ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✸ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✏ ✖ ✛ ✓ ✏ ✘
✓ ✎ ✏ ✢ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✣ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✘ ✏ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✗
✺
✕ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✚
❅
✓ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✤ ✒ ✤ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✜✤
❅
✓ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✛
✓ ✎ ✏ ✣ ✚✣ ✓ ✏ ✤ ✒ ✛ ✓
✩
✒
✥
✒ ✸ ✕ ✏ ✣ ✳
✻ ✌❉
✱
✓ ✖ ✓ ✏ ✕ ✛ ✏ ✖ ✢ ✎ ✒ ✛ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✒
✩
✕ ✔ ✙ ✣ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✏ ✤ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✣ ✕ ✣ ✓ ✘ ✜ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✣ ✏ ✳ ❙ ✕
❤
✏ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✣ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✚ ✒ ✜✘ ✖ ✔ ✣
✩
✏ ✘ ✳
✭
✖
✮
■ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✖ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✣ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✛ ✓
✩
✒
✥
✒ ✸ ✕ ✏ ✣
★
✓ ✎ ✏ ✤ ✒ ✤ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✜✤ ✖ ✔ ✸ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✛ ✏ ✖ ✢ ✎
✥
✒ ✸ ✚ ✕ ✣
✢ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✘
❤
✏ ✸ ✳
✭ ✥ ✮
❚ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✛ ✖ ✣ ✚✣ ✓ ✏ ✤ ✕ ✣ ✖ ✗
✩
✖ ✚✣ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✘
❤
✏ ✸
★
✔ ✒ ✤ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✏ ✘
✩
✎ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✸ ✏ ♣ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✖ ✗
✛ ✒ ✘ ✢ ✏ ✣ ✒ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✏
✥
✒ ✸ ✚ ✖ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✘ ✏ ✣ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✳
✭
✢
✮ ❃
✒ ✘
✺
✸ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✤ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✛ ✖
✥
✒ ✸ ✚ ✒
❤
✏ ✘ ✖ ✢ ✗ ✒ ✣ ✏ ✸ ✗ ✒ ✒ ✑ ✕ ✣
❂
✏ ✘ ✒ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✏
❤
✏ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✒ ✘ ✢ ✏ ✕ ✔
✔ ✖ ✓ ✜✘ ✏ ✳
✭
✸
✮
■ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✖ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✣ ✕ ✒ ✔
★
✓ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✗
✺
✕ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✣ ✖ ✗
✩
✖ ✚ ✣ ✗ ✏ ✣ ✣ ✓ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✗
✺
✕ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✛ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✣ ✚✣ ✓ ✏ ✤ ✳
✻ ✌❊
❆
✔ ✣
✩
✏ ✘ ✢ ✖ ✘ ✏ ✛ ✜✗ ✗ ✚
★ ✩
✕ ✓ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✣ ✒ ✔ ✣
❀
✭
✖
✮
■ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✖ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✣ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✛ ✓
✩
✒
✥
✕ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✸
✥
✖ ✗ ✗ ✣
★
✕ ✣ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✗
✺
✕ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✘
❤
✏ ✸
✸ ✜✘ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✣ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✓ ✕ ✤ ✏ ✒ ✛ ✢ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✣ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✛ ✓ ✎ ✏
✥
✖ ✗ ✗ ✣
✭
✕ ✳ ✏ ✳
✩
✎ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✖ ✘ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✓ ✖ ✢ ✓
✮
♦
✭ ✥ ✮
■ ✣ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✤ ✒ ✤ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✤ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✘
❤
✏ ✸ ✸ ✜✘ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✣ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✓ ✕ ✤ ✏ ✒ ✛ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✖ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✣ ✕ ✒ ✔
✒ ✛ ✓
✩
✒
✥
✖ ✗ ✗ ✣ ♦
❋ ● ❍ ❏ ❑❏▲▼
❋ ● ❍ ❏ ❑❏▲
◆
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
✭ ❝ ✮ ❲ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✎ ✭ ✟ ✮ ✟ ☞ ✏ ✭ ✑ ✮ ✒ ✎ ✡ ✟ ☞ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✔ ✟ ✌ ✠ ✓ ❝ ❝ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✕
✭ ✏ ✮ ■ ✒ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✖ ✎ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✓ ✟ ✔ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✗✘ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✟ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✔ ✔ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✖ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✔ ✘ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✌ ☛ ✖ ✟ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✟ ☞ ❝ ☛
✑ ☛ ✠ ✍ ☛ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✡ ❝ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✌
❜
✓ ✌ ✠ ✞ ☛ ❝ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✔ ✟ ✌ ✠ ✓ ❝ ✎ ✡ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✔ ✟ ✌ ✠ ✓ ❝ ✕ ✭
✙
✎ ✠ ☛
❜
✍ ☛ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✔
✚
✓ ☞ ✗
✞ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✖ ✎ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✓ ✟ ✔ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✗✘ ❝ ✎ ✡ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✖ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✓ ☞ ✗ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✒ ✎ ✡ ❝ ☛ ✏
❤
✡ ✓ ☞ ✗ ❝ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✎ ☞
❜
☞ ✎ ✠ ✗ ✡ ✟
✛
✓ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✟ ✔
✖ ✎ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✓ ✟ ✔ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✗✘ ✮ ♣
✻ ✜✢ ❆ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✓ ✠ ✓ ✟ ✔ ✔ ✘ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✠ ♣ ■ ✠
❤
☞ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✗ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✣ ✏ ✓ ✤ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✟ ✔ ✤ ✎ ✠ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✞ ❝ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✟ ☞ ✠
✟ ❝ ❝ ☛ ✔ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✎ ☞ ♣
❛
✞ ☛ ✖ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✔ ✓
✛
☛ ✡ ☛ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✓ ✤ ☛
t
✓ ✌ ✖ ✡ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✟ ✔ ✠ ✎
✭ ✓ ✮
t
✥ ✦ ✧
✭ ✓ ✓ ✮
t
✭ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✮
t
✸ ✦ ✧
✭ ✓
✛
✮
t
✧
✻ ✜★ ✩ ❆ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✌ ✤ ✎
✛
✓ ☞ ✗
❤
☞ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✡ ☛ ❝ ✠ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✟ ✔ ✔ ✘
❤
☞ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✒ ✔
❤
☛ ☞ ❝ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✎
❤
✡ ❝ ☛ ✎ ✒ ❝ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✟ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✡ ♣
■ ✠ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✖ ✔ ✟ ❝ ☛ ✤ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✓ ✤ ☛
t
✓ ✌ ✖ ✡ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✟ ✔ ✠ ✎
✭ ✓ ✮
t
✥ ✦ ✧
✭ ✓ ✓ ✮
t
✭ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✮
t
✸ ✦ ✧
✭ ✓
✛
✮
t
✧
✻ ✜★ ★ ❆ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✘ ❝ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✤ ✎
✛
☛ ✟ ✔ ✎ ☞ ✗ ✠ ✞ ☛
✪
✣ ✟
✫
✓ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✟ ❝ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✓ ☞ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✘ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✤ ✓ ✌ ✌
❤
✑
✬
☛ ❝ ✠ ✠ ✎ ✟
❝ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✟ ☞ ✠ ✒ ✎ ✡ ❝ ☛ ❋ ✗✓
✛
☛ ☞ ✑ ✘
◆
❼
✯
❼
✷
❼
❦❥✐✰ ✱✱ ❾ ❂
✍ ✞ ☛ ✡ ☛
✲ ✳ ✴ ✳ ✵
✹ ✹ ✹
✟ ✡ ☛
❤
☞ ✓ ✠
✛
☛ ❝ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✌ ✟ ✔ ✎ ☞ ✗ ✠ ✞ ☛
①
✣
❜ ✺
✣ ✟ ☞ ✏
③
✣ ✟
✫
✓ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✌ ✘ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✤ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✖ ☛ ❝ ✠ ✓
✛
☛ ✔ ✘♣
❲ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✡
✚
✏ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✠ ✞ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✎ ✡ ❝ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✤ ✎
✛
✓ ☞ ✗ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✟ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✟ ☞ ❝ ☛ ✎ ✒
✼
✤ ✟ ✔ ✎ ☞ ✗ ✠ ✞ ☛
③
✣ ✟
✫
✓ ✌ ✕
✻ ✜★
✽
❆ ☞ ☛ ✔ ☛ ❝ ✠ ✡ ✎ ☞ ✟ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✖ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✎ ☞ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✠ ☛ ❝ ✠ ☛ ✏ ✓ ☞ ✟ ❝ ✎ ✌ ✤ ✓ ❝ ✡ ✟ ✘ ☛
✫
✖ ☛ ✡ ✓ ✤ ☛ ☞ ✠
❜
✠ ✞ ☛ ✒ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✞
✚
✓ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✓ ❝
☛ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✗✘ ❣ ✾
✚
☛ ✿
❜
✟ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✌ ☛ ❝ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✞ ❣ ✾ ✾
✚
☛ ✿ ♣ ❲ ✞ ✓ ❝ ✞ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✡
❜
✠ ✞ ☛ ☛ ✔ ☛ ❝ ✠ ✡ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✞ ☛
✖ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✎ ☞ ✕
❀
✑ ✠ ✟ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✎ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✖ ☛ ☛ ✏ ✌ ♣ ✭ ☛ ✔ ☛ ❝ ✠ ✡ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✟ ✌ ✌
❁ ❃
♣ ❣ ❣
×
❣ ✾
❄ ❅ ❇
✚
✗
❜
✖ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✟ ✌ ✌
❁
❣ ♣
❈ ❉ ×
❣ ✾
➊ ❊ ●
✚
✗
❜
❣ ☛ ✿
❁
❣ ♣
❈
✾
×
❣ ✾
➊
❇
❍
❏
✮ ♣
✻ ✜★ ❑ ❆ ✡ ✟ ✓ ☞ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✒ ✡ ✟ ✏ ✓
❤
✌ ▲ ✤ ✤ ✒ ✟ ✔ ✔ ✌ ✒ ✡ ✎ ✤ ✟ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✎ ✒ ▼ ✾ ✾ ✤ ✟ ✑ ✎
✛
☛ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✗ ✡ ✎
❤
☞ ✏ ♣ ■ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✔ ✔ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✞
✏ ☛ ❝ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✗ ✟ ❝ ❝ ☛ ✔ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✭ ✏
❤
☛ ✠ ✎
✛
✓ ✌ ❝ ✎
❤
✌ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✟ ☞ ❝ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✟ ✓ ✡ ✮
❤
☞ ✠ ✓ ✔ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✟ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✓ ✗✓ ☞ ✟ ✔
✞ ☛ ✓ ✗ ✞ ✠
❜
✓ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✠ ✌ ✤ ✟
✫
✓ ✤
❤
✤ ✭ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✤ ✓ ☞ ✟ ✔ ✮ ✌ ✖ ☛ ☛ ✏
❜
✟ ☞ ✏ ✤ ✎
✛
☛ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✞
❤
☞ ✓ ✒ ✎ ✡ ✤ ✌ ✖ ☛ ☛ ✏
✠ ✞ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✒ ✠ ☛ ✡ ♣ ❲ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✡
✚
✏ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✗ ✡ ✟
✛
✓ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✟ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✡ ❝ ☛ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✖ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✒ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✠
✟ ☞ ✏ ✌ ☛ ❝ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✞ ✟ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✌
✬
✎
❤
✡ ☞ ☛ ✘ ✕ ❲ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✡
✚
✏ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✓
✛
☛ ✒ ✎ ✡ ❝ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✞ ☛
☛ ☞ ✠ ✓ ✡ ☛
✬
✎
❤
✡ ☞ ☛ ✘ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✌ ✌ ✖ ☛ ☛ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✟ ❝ ✞ ✓ ☞ ✗ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✗ ✡ ✎
❤
☞ ✏ ✓ ✌ ❣ ✾ ✤ ✌
➊
❇
✕
✻ ✜★ ❖ ❆ ✤ ✎ ✔ ☛ ❝
❤
✔ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✟ ✗ ✟ ✌ ❝ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✞ ✓ ✠ ✌ ✟ ✞ ✎ ✡ ✓
✪
✎ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✔ ✍ ✟ ✔ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✞ ✌ ✖ ☛ ☛ ✏ ▲ ✾ ✾ ✤ ✌
➊
❇
✟ ☞ ✏ ✟ ☞ ✗✔ ☛ ◗ ✾ ❘
✍ ✓ ✠ ✞ ✠ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✎ ✡ ✤ ✟ ✔
❜
✟ ☞ ✏ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✎
❤
☞ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✞ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✌ ✟ ✤ ☛ ✌ ✖ ☛ ☛ ✏ ♣ ■✌ ✤ ✎ ✤ ☛ ☞ ✠
❤
✤ ❝ ✎ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✡
✛
☛ ✏ ✓ ☞ ✠ ✞ ☛
❝ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✕ ■✌ ✠ ✞ ☛ ❝ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✔ ✟ ✌ ✠ ✓ ❝ ✎ ✡ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✔ ✟ ✌ ✠ ✓ ❝ ✕
✻ ✜★
❙
❆ ✖
❤
✤ ✖ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✗ ✡ ✎
❤
☞ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✒ ✟ ✑
❤
✓ ✔ ✏ ✓ ☞ ✗ ❝ ✟ ☞ ✖
❤
✤ ✖
❤
✖ ✍ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✟ ✠ ✟ ☞
✚
✎ ✒
✛
✎ ✔
❤
✤ ☛ ◗ ✾ ✤
❅
✓ ☞ ❣ ▼ ✤ ✓ ☞ ♣ ■ ✒ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✠ ✟ ☞
✚
✓ ✌
✼
✾ ✤ ✟ ✑ ✎
✛
☛ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✗ ✡ ✎
❤
☞ ✏
❜
✟ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✞ ☛ ☛ ✒ ✒ ✓ ❝ ✓ ☛ ☞ ❝ ✘ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✖
❤
✤ ✖ ✓ ✌ ◗ ✾ ❚
❜
✞ ✎ ✍ ✤
❤
❝ ✞ ☛ ✔ ☛ ❝ ✠ ✡ ✓ ❝ ✖ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✓ ✌ ❝ ✎ ☞ ✌
❤
✤ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✘ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✖
❤
✤ ✖ ✕
✻ ✜★ ✻
❛
✍ ✎ ✓ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✓ ❝ ✟ ✔ ✑ ✟ ✔ ✔ ✑ ☛ ✟ ✡ ✓ ☞ ✗ ✌ ✓ ☞ ❝ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✟ ❝ ✠ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✟ ❝ ✞ ✎ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✡ ✟ ☞ ✏ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✗ ✎ ☞ ✟ ✒ ✡ ✓ ❝ ✠ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✔ ☛ ✌ ✌
✠ ✟ ✑ ✔ ☛ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✞ ✓ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✟ ✏ ✣ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✘ ✟ ☞ ✎ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✡ ✑ ✟ ✔ ✔ ✑ ☛ ✟ ✡ ✓ ☞ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✌ ✟ ✤ ☛ ✤ ✟ ✌ ✌ ✤ ✎
✛
✓ ☞ ✗ ✓ ☞ ✓ ✠ ✓ ✟ ✔ ✔ ✘ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✞ ✟
✌ ✖ ☛ ☛ ✏ ❱ ♣ ■ ✒ ✠ ✞ ☛ ❝ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✟ ✌ ✠ ✓ ❝
❜
✍ ✞ ✓ ❝ ✞ ✎ ✒ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✗ ✭ ❯ ✓ ✗♣
❈
♣ ❣
✼
✮ ✓ ✌ ✟ ✖ ✎ ✌ ✌ ✓ ✑ ✔ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✌
❤
✔ ✠
✟ ✒ ✠ ☛ ✡ ❝ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✎ ☞ ✕
❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❬❪❫
❲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ☎ ✁ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✆ ✠ ✡   ❲ ☎ ✁ ✶ ☛ ☞
✻ ✌✍ ✎ ❚ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✙ ✚✛ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✑ ✛ ✑ ✖ ✣ ✑ ✙ ✕ ✢ ✓ ✜ ✤ ✥
♦
✦ ✓ ✦ ✏ ✑
✈ ✑ ✢ ✦ ✧ ★ ✖ ✛ ✏ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✖ ✘ ✓ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✩ ✓ ✕ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✑ ✜ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✖ ✦ ✢ ✑ ✣ ✦
✓ ✘ ✖ ✦ ✖ ✒ ✛ ✑ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✏ ✓
✪
✘ ✧ ✘
✫
✧
✬✭ ✮ ✭ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✱
✓
✪
✏ ✧
✬
✏ ✙ ✓ ✑ ✣
✦ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✔ ✢ ✧ ✣ ✑ ✖ ✕ ✦ ✑ ✢ ✦ ✏ ✑ ★ ✓ ✛ ✛ ✧ ✣ ✧ ✓ ✘
❄ ✲
✑
✬
✛ ✑ ★ ✦ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✧
✳
✑ ✓ ✕
✦ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✑ ✦ ✏ ✑ ★ ✓ ✛ ✛ ✧ ✣ ✧ ✓ ✘ ✦ ✓ ✒ ✑ ✑ ✛ ✖ ✣ ✦ ✧ ★
✭
✻ ✌✍
✴
❚ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✙ ✚✛ ✚ ✜ ✧ ✣ ✢ ✑ ✛ ✑ ✖ ✣ ✑ ✙ ✕ ✢ ✓ ✜ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✢ ✧
✳
✓ ✘ ✦ ✖ ✛
✗ ✓ ✣ ✧ ✦ ✧ ✓ ✘
✭
♣✕ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✛ ✑ ✘
✬
✦ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✙ ✚✛ ✚ ✜ ✧ ✣
✯ ✭ ✰
✜ ✵
✪
✏ ✖ ✦ ✧ ✣ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✙
✪
✧ ✦ ✏
✪
✏ ✧ ★ ✏ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✖ ✢ ✢ ✧ ✈ ✑ ✣ ✖ ✦ ✦ ✏ ✑
✛ ✓
✪
✑ ✢ ✜ ✓ ✣ ✦ ✗ ✓ ✧ ✘ ✦ ✵
✬
✧ ✈ ✑ ✘ ✦ ✏ ✖ ✦ ✧ ✦ ✙ ✧ ✣ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✖ ✦ ✑ ✙
✰
❧ ✓ ✕ ✧ ✦ ✣
✧ ✘ ✧ ✦ ✧ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✢
✬✐
✖
✬
✖ ✧ ✘ ✣ ✦ ✖ ✧ ✢ ✢ ✑ ✣ ✧ ✣ ✦ ✖ ✘ ★ ✑
❄
✻ ✌✍ ✷ ✔ ✦ ✢ ✓ ✛ ✛ ✑
✐
✓ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✥ ❆
✬
★ ✖ ✢ ✢
✐
✧ ✘
✬
✖ ✣ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✒ ✖
✬
✓ ✕ ✸
✰
❆
✬
✧ ✣ ✜ ✓ ✈ ✧ ✘
✬
✚ ✘ ✧ ✕ ✓ ✢ ✜ ✛
✐ ✪
✧ ✦ ✏ ✖ ✣ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✙ ✓ ✕ ✸
✹
❆ ✜
✺
✏ ✓ ✘ ✖
✕ ✢ ✧ ★ ✦ ✧ ✓ ✘ ✛ ✑ ✣ ✣ ✦ ✢ ✖ ★ ❆
✭
✔ ✕ ✦ ✑ ✢ ✖
✪
✏ ✧ ✛ ✑ ✵ ✣ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✣ ✦ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✣ ✛ ✑ ✖ ❆ ✧ ✘
✬
✓ ✚ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✛ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✛ ✓ ✓ ✢ ✓ ✕ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✦ ✢ ✓ ✛ ✛ ✑
✐
✖ ✦ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✢ ✖ ✦ ✑ ✓ ✕
✥
✭
✥
✰
❆
✬
✣
➊ ✼
✭
✽ ✏ ✖ ✦ ✧ ✣ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✙ ✓ ✕ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✦ ✢ ✓ ✛ ✛ ✑
✐
✖ ✕ ✦ ✑ ✢ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✑ ✘ ✦ ✧ ✢ ✑ ✣ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✒ ✖
✬
✧ ✣ ✑ ✜ ✗ ✦
✐ ❄
✻ ✌✾ ✿ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✙
✐
✓ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✥
✭ ✰
❆
✬
✦ ✢ ✖ ✈ ✑ ✛ ✣ ✧ ✘ ✖ ✣ ✦ ✢ ✖ ✧
✬
✏ ✦ ✛ ✧ ✘ ✑
✪
✧ ✦ ✏ ✈ ✑ ✛ ✓ ★ ✧ ✦
✐
❀ ❁ ❛ ①
❂ ❃ ❅
✪
✏ ✑ ✢ ✑ ❛ ❇
✰
✜
➊ ✼
❃ ❅
✣
➊ ✼
✭
✽ ✏ ✖ ✦ ✧ ✣ ✦ ✏ ✑
✪
✓ ✢ ❆ ✙ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✒
✐
✦ ✏ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✦ ✕ ✓ ✢ ★ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✢ ✧ ✘
✬
✧ ✦ ✣ ✙ ✧ ✣ ✗ ✛ ✖ ★ ✑ ✜ ✑ ✘ ✦ ✕ ✢ ✓ ✜ ①
❁ ✥ ✦ ✓ ① ❁ ✸ ✜
❄
✻ ✌✾ ✍ ❚ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✖
✪
✧ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✧ ✛ ✛ ✣
✪
✑ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✚ ✦ ✖ ★ ✧ ✢ ★ ✛ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✑ ✖
❈ ✭ ❉
✖
❊
♣✕ ✦ ✏ ✑
✪
✧ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✛ ✓
✪
✣ ✖ ✦ ✖
✈ ✑ ✛ ✓ ★ ✧ ✦
✐
❀ ✗ ✑ ✢ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✙ ✧ ★ ✚✛ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✓ ✦ ✏ ✑ ★ ✧ ✢ ★ ✛ ✑ ✵
✪
✏ ✖ ✦ ✧ ✣ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✜ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✧ ✢ ✗ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✧ ✘
✬
✦ ✏ ✢ ✓ ✚
✬
✏ ✧ ✦
✧ ✘ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✑ t
❄ ❉
✒
❊
✽ ✏ ✖ ✦ ✧ ✣ ✦ ✏ ✑ ❆ ✧ ✘ ✑ ✦ ✧ ★ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✢
✬✐
✓ ✕ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✧ ✢
❄ ❉
★
❊
✔ ✣ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✑ ✦ ✏ ✖ ✦ ✦ ✏ ✑
✪
✧ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✧ ✛ ✛
★ ✓ ✘ ✈ ✑ ✢ ✦ ✣ ✸
✰
❧ ✓ ✕ ✦ ✏ ✑
✪
✧ ✘ ✙ ❝ ✣ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✢
✬ ✐
✧ ✘ ✦ ✓ ✑ ✛ ✑ ★ ✦ ✢ ✧ ★ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✢
✬✐
✵ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✦ ✏ ✖ ✦
❈
❁ ✤ ✥ ✜
❅
✵ ❀ ❁ ✤
✮
❆ ✜
✺
✏ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✘ ✣ ✧ ✦
✐
✓ ✕ ✖ ✧ ✢ ✧ ✣
✯ ✭
✸ ❆
✬
✜
➊
❂
✭
✽ ✏ ✖ ✦ ✧ ✣ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✑ ✛ ✑ ★ ✦ ✢ ✧ ★ ✖ ✛ ✗ ✓
✪
✑ ✢ ✗ ✢ ✓ ✙ ✚★ ✑ ✙
❄
✻ ✌✾ ✾ ✔ ✗ ✑ ✢ ✣ ✓ ✘ ✦ ✢
✐
✧ ✘
✬
✦ ✓ ✛ ✓ ✣ ✑
✪
✑ ✧
✬
✏ ✦
❉
✙ ✧ ✑ ✦ ✑ ✢
❊
✛ ✧ ✕ ✦ ✣ ✖
✯
✥ ❆
✬
✜ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✵ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✦ ✏ ✓ ✚✣ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✑ ✣ ✵ ✦ ✓ ✖
✏ ✑ ✧
✬
✏ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✥
✭ ✰
✜ ✑ ✖ ★ ✏ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✑
✭
✔ ✣ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✑ ✦ ✏ ✖ ✦ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✦ ✑ ✘ ✦ ✧ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✢
✬✐
✛ ✓ ✣ ✦ ✑ ✖ ★ ✏ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✑ ✣ ✏ ✑
✛ ✓
✪
✑ ✢ ✣ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✜ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✧ ✣ ✙ ✧ ✣ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✖ ✦ ✑ ✙
✭ ❉
✖
❊ ✱
✓
✪
✜ ✚ ★ ✏
✪
✓ ✢ ❆ ✙ ✓ ✑ ✣ ✣ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✓ ✖
✬
✖ ✧ ✘ ✣ ✦ ✦ ✏ ✑
✬
✢ ✖ ✈ ✧ ✦ ✖ ✦ ✧ ✓ ✘ ✖ ✛
✕ ✓ ✢ ★ ✑
❄ ❉
✒
❊ ✫
✖ ✦ ✣ ✚ ✗ ✗ ✛ ✧ ✑ ✣ ✤
✭ ❢ ❋ ✯
✥
●
❏
✓ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✢
✬✐
✗ ✑ ✢ ❆ ✧ ✛ ✓
✬
✢ ✖ ✜
✪
✏ ✧ ★ ✏ ✧ ✣ ★ ✓ ✘ ✈ ✑ ✢ ✦ ✑ ✙ ✦ ✓
✜ ✑ ★ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✧ ★ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✢
✬ ✐ ✪
✧ ✦ ✏ ✖ ✸ ✥ ❧ ✑ ✕ ✕ ✧ ★ ✧ ✑ ✘ ★
✐
✢ ✖ ✦ ✑
✭ ✱
✓
✪
✜ ✚★ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✦
✪
✧ ✛ ✛ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✧ ✑ ✦ ✑ ✢ ✚✣ ✑ ✚ ✗
❄
✻ ✌✾
❍
✔ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✧ ✛
✐
✚✣ ✑ ✣
❢
❆ ✽ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✓
✪
✑ ✢
✭ ❉
✖
❊ ■
✧ ✢ ✑ ★ ✦ ✣ ✓ ✛ ✖ ✢ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✢
✬✐
✧ ✣ ✧ ✘ ★ ✧ ✙ ✑ ✘ ✦ ✓ ✘ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✢ ✧
✳
✓ ✘ ✦ ✖ ✛
✣ ✚ ✢ ✕ ✖ ★ ✑ ✖ ✦ ✖ ✘ ✖ ✈ ✑ ✢ ✖
✬
✑ ✢ ✖ ✦ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✸ ✥ ✥ ✽ ✗ ✑ ✢ ✣ ❑ ✚✖ ✢ ✑ ✜ ✑ ✦ ✑ ✢
✭
♣✕ ✸ ✥ ❧ ✓ ✕ ✦ ✏ ✧ ✣ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✢
✬✐
★ ✖ ✘ ✒ ✑
★ ✓ ✘ ✈ ✑ ✢ ✦ ✑ ✙ ✦ ✓ ✚✣ ✑ ✕ ✚✛ ✑ ✛ ✑ ★ ✦ ✢ ✧ ★ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✢
✬✐
✵ ✏ ✓
✪
✛ ✖ ✢
✬
✑ ✖ ✘ ✖ ✢ ✑ ✖ ✧ ✣ ✘ ✑ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✦ ✓ ✣ ✚ ✗ ✗ ✛
✐ ❢
❆ ✽
❄
❉
✒
❊
▲ ✓ ✜ ✗ ✖ ✢ ✑ ✦ ✏ ✧ ✣ ✖ ✢ ✑ ✖ ✦ ✓ ✦ ✏ ✖ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✢ ✓ ✓ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✦
✐
✗ ✧ ★ ✖ ✛ ✏ ✓ ✚✣ ✑
✭
▼ ◆ ◆ ❖ P ❖ ◗ ❘❙ ❯ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❖ ❭ ❨ ❭
✻ ✌✾
❪
✔ ✒ ✚✛ ✛ ✑ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✥
✭
✥
✯
✸ ❆
✬
✖ ✘ ✙ ✏ ✓ ✢ ✧
✳
✓ ✘ ✦ ✖ ✛ ✣ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✙
✹
✥ ✜ ✣
➊ ✼
✣ ✦ ✢ ✧ ❆ ✑ ✣ ✖ ✒ ✛ ✓ ★ ❆ ✓ ✕
✪
✓ ✓ ✙ ✓ ✕
✜ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✥
✭
♠ ❆
✬
✖ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✘ ✣ ✦ ✖ ✘ ✦ ✛
✐
★ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✣ ✦ ✓ ✢ ✑ ✣ ✦
✪
✧ ✦ ✏ ✢ ✑ ✣ ✗ ✑ ★ ✦ ✦ ✓ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✓ ★ ❆
✭
❚ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✓ ★ ❆ ✧ ✣
✣ ✚✣ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✕ ✢ ✓ ✜ ✦ ✏ ✑ ★ ✑ ✧ ✛ ✧ ✘
✬
✒
✐
✜ ✑ ✖ ✘ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✦ ✏ ✧ ✘
✪
✧ ✢ ✑ ✣
✭
▲ ✖ ✛ ★ ✚✛ ✖ ✦ ✑ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✧
✬
✏ ✦ ✦ ✓
✪
✏ ✧ ★ ✏
✦ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✓ ★ ❆ ✢ ✧ ✣ ✑ ✣
✭
✔ ✛ ✣ ✓ ✵ ✑ ✣ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✖ ✦ ✑ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✜ ✓ ✚ ✘ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✦ ✗ ✢ ✓ ✙ ✚★ ✑ ✙ ✧ ✘ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✓ ★ ❆
✭
✻ ✌✾
❫
❚
✪
✓ ✧ ✘ ★ ✛ ✧ ✘ ✑ ✙ ✕ ✢ ✧ ★ ✦ ✧ ✓ ✘ ✛ ✑ ✣ ✣ ✦ ✢ ✖ ★ ❆ ✣ ✵ ✓ ✘ ✑
✬
✢ ✖ ✙ ✚✖ ✛ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✢ ✣ ✦ ✑ ✑ ✗ ✜ ✑ ✑ ✦ ✖ ✦ ✔ ✕ ✢ ✓ ✜
✪
✏ ✑ ✢ ✑ ✦
✪
✓ ✣ ✦ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✣ ✖ ✢ ✑ ✖ ✛ ✛ ✓
✪
✑ ✙ ✦ ✓ ✣ ✛ ✧ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✓
✪
✘ ✕ ✢ ✓ ✜ ✢ ✑ ✣ ✦ ✵ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✖ ★ ✏ ✦ ✢ ✖ ★ ❆
❉ ✫
✧
✬✭ ✮ ✭ ✯ ✮ ❊ ✭
✽ ✧ ✛ ✛ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✦ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✣ ✢ ✑ ✖ ★ ✏ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✦ ✦ ✓ ✜ ✖ ✦ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✑ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✑
❄
✽ ✧ ✛ ✛ ✦ ✏ ✑
✐
✢ ✑ ✖ ★ ✏ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✢ ✑
✪
✧ ✦ ✏ ✦ ✏ ✑
✣ ✖ ✜ ✑ ✣ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✙
❄
❴ ❵ ✗ ✛ ✖ ✧ ✘
✭
❜ ✧ ✈ ✑ ✘ ❞
✼
❁ ✤ ✥
❡
✵ ❞
❅
❁
✮
✥
❡
✵ ✖ ✘ ✙ ❤ ❁
✯
✥ ✜ ✵
✪
✏ ✖ ✦ ✖ ✢ ✑ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✙ ✣ ✖ ✘ ✙
✦ ✧ ✜ ✑ ✣ ✦ ✖ ❆ ✑ ✘ ✒
✐
✦ ✏ ✑ ✦
✪
✓ ✣ ✦ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✣
❄
❣ ❥ ❦ ♥ q ♥ r q
❣ ❥ ❦ ♥ q ♥ rs
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
✻ ✞ ✟ ✻ ❆ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓✔ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✍ ✓☛ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✌ ✑ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✗ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✏ ✚ ✘ ✑ ✗ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✏ ✚ ✘ ✑ ✗ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✠ ✜ ✜
◆ ✢
➊ ✣
✔ ✏ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✥ ✗ ✑ ✗ ✤ ✑ ☛ ✦ ✧ ✦ ✠ ★ ✦ ✩ ✙ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✒ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✏ ✚ ✘ ✑ ✗ ☛ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✕
✓✗ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✦ ✩ ✙ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✢ ✍
✉
✕ ✏ ✠ ✜ ✎ ✢ ✖ ✍ ✥ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✌ ✑ ✗ ✕ ☞ ✕ ✛ ✍ ✘ ✕ ✎ ✍ ✢ ✑ ✗ ☛ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✒ ✦
✤ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✛ ✛ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✛ ✛ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✥ ✕ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✕ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✌ ✑ ✗ ✕ ✦ ❆ ✏ ✏ ✓✢ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✒ ✙ ✕
✏ ✚ ✘ ✑ ✗ ☛ ✙ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✗ ✕ ☛✌ ✑ ☛✑ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✢ ✔ ✏ ✏ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✓✌ ✌ ✕ s ✑ ✏ ✛ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✕ ✏ ✏ ✦
❋ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✬ ✮✯
✻ ✞ ✟
✰
❆ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✛ ✢ ✔ ✏ ✏ ✜ ✦
✱
✡ ☛ ✛ ✔ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✛ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✑ ✗ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✔ ✗ ✕ ✌ ✕
✉
✔ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✢ ✍
✉
✑ ✗ ☛ ✖ ✍ ✥ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✗ ✓✗ ✑ ✛ ✍ ✘ ✢
✏ ✚ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✍ ✛ ★ ✢ ✏
➊ ✣
✦ ✳ ✒ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✛ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✛ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✕ ✌ ✕
✉
✔ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✲ ✌ ✕ ✗ ☛ ✒ ✙ ✍ ✛ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✕ ✌ ✕
✉
✔ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✴
✱
✢ ✵ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✖ ✍ ✕ ✏
✗ ✍ ✒ ✘ ✕ ☞ ✍ ✓✗ ✖ ✦ ❡ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✒ ✚ ✘ ✍ ✖ ✓✎ ✕ ✖ ☞ s ✒ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✔ ✎ ✒ ♦ ❡ ✍ ✓✌ ✖ s ✍ ✓✘ ✔ ✗ ✏ ✥ ✕ ✘ ☞ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✛ ✛ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✗ ✒
✑ ✛ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✕ ✌ ✕
✉
✔ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✥ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✔ ✘ s ♦
✻ ✞ ✟
✷
❆ ✒ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✕ s ✍ ✛ ✢ ✔ ✏ ✏
✸
✜ ✜ ✡ ☛ ✢ ✍
✉
✕ ✏ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✓✗ ✑ ✛ ✍ ✘ ✢ ✏ ✚ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✍ ✛
✱
✧ ✡ ✢
✹
✙ ✍ ✗ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✕ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✔ ✎ ✡ ✦
❆ ✎ ✙ ✑ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✢ ✔ ✏ ✏
✸
✜ ✡ ☛ ✘ ✓✗ ✏ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✕ s ✛ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✍ ✗ ✕ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✘ ✲ ✠ ✜ ✢ ✔ ✥ ✔ s ✵ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✔
✏ ✚ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✺ ✢ ✏
➊ ✣
✘ ✕ ✌ ✔ ✒ ✑
✉
✕ ✒ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✕ s ✑ ✗ ✔ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✢ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✼ ✔ ✗ ✖
❥
✓✢ ✚ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✛ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✕ s✦ ❡ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✛ ✑ ✗ ✔ ✌ ✏ ✚ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✕ s ♦
✽
✍ ✥ ✢ ✓✎ ✙ ✙ ✔ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✕
✒ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✕ s ✢ ✍
✉
✕ ✖ ✛ ✘ ✍ ✢ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✑ ✢ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✎ ✙ ✑ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✓✗ ♦
✻ ✞ ✟ ✾ ❡ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✍ ✛ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✛ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✥ ✑ ✗ ☛ ✚ ✍ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✌ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✘ ☛ s ✎ ✓ ✘
✉
✕ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✤ ✑ ☛ ✦ ✧ ✦ ✠ ❲ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✗ ✍ ✒ ✚ ✍ ✏ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✌ s ✖ ✕ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✑ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✕
✕ ✌ ✔ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✛ ✒ ✥ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✌ ✌ ✑ ✔ ✘ ✖ ☞ ✔ ✌ ✌ ✏ ♦
✽
✕ ✘ ✕
r
✑ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✎ ✕ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✥ ✕ ✕ ✗ ✎ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✛ ✒ ✙ ✕ ☞ ✔ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✦
❋ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✬ ✮✿
✻ ✞ ❀ ❁ ❈ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✕ ✘ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✎ ✔ s ✍ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✕ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✍ ✗ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✒ ❂ ♥ ❃ ♣ ❄ ❅
❇
❲   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ☎ ✁ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✆ ✠ ✡   ❲ ☎ ✁ ✶ ☛ ☞
❙ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✏ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✘ ✏ ✌ ✙ ✚ ✏ ✖✛ ✒ ✜ ✢✚ ✏ ✣ ✒ ✗ ✒ ✚ ✚ ✑ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✖ ✦ ✙ ✧ ✒ ✑ ✣ ✒ ✥ ✒ ✗ ✏ ✤ ✍ ✣ ✍ ✘ ✘ ✙ ★ ✒ ✕
✒ ✣ ✒ ✤ ✦✖ ✑ ✣ ✕ ❡ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✤ ✒ ✘ ✍ ✤ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✑ ✣ ✣ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✗ ✍ ✢✣ ✏ ✘ ✍ ✤ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✚ ✒ ✤ ✧ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✙ ✣ ✢✍ ✢✚ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✤ ✦✖ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✏ ✤ ✙ ✔ ✢✏ ✙ ✍ ✣
✙ ✣ ✏ ✌ ✒
✩
✓ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✣ ✒ ✢✏ ✤ ✍ ✣ ✍ ✤ ✑ ✣ ✢✗ ✥ ✒ ✢✚
✲ ✪
✙ ✦
✫ ✬ ✫ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✫
❋ ✰ ✱ ✳ ✴ ✳ ✵✷
❬ ✸
✍ ✏ ✒
✹ ✺
✌ ✒ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✛ ✥ ✒ ✤ ✒ ✚ ✢ ✥ ✏ ✍ ✘ ✏ ✌ ✙ ✚ ✒ ★ ✒ ✤ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✚ ✍ ✣ ✒ ✑ ✜ ✍ ✣ ✦ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✧ ✒ ✤ ✑ ✥ ✑ ✤ ✦✢✜ ✒ ✣ ✏ ✚ ✑ ✕ ✧ ✑ ✣ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✖
✻ ✫
P ✑ ✢ ✥ ✙ ✏ ✍ ✛ ✤ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✒ ★ ✙ ✚ ✏ ✒ ✣ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✙ ✤ ✕ ✛ ✑ ✤ ✏ ✙ ✗ ✥ ✒ ✙ ✣ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✛ ✤ ✍ ✕ ✢✗ ✏ ✚ ✍ ✘
✩
✓ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖
✫ ✺
✌ ✙ ✚
✛ ✑ ✤ ✏ ✙ ✗ ✥ ✒ ✙ ✚
♣
✣ ✍ ✎ ✣ ✑ ✚ ✣ ✒ ✢✏ ✤ ✙ ✣ ✍
✫ ✻
✒ ✣ ✍ ✎
♣
✣ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✙ ✚ ✑ ✛ ✑ ✤ ✏ ✙ ✗ ✥ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✙ ✣ ✏ ✤ ✙ ✣ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✣
✼ ✲
✥ ✙
♣
✒
✽
➋
❡
✾
✍ ✤
♥ ✯
❡ ✔ ✢✏ ✙ ✚ ✣ ✒ ✢✏ ✤ ✑ ✥ ❡ ✑ ✣ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✤ ✜ ✑ ✚ ✚ ✥ ✒ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✤ ✌ ✑ ✧ ✙ ✣ ✦ ✑ ✣ ✒ ★ ✏ ✤ ✒ ✜ ✒ ✥ ✖ ✚ ✜ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✜ ✑ ✚ ✚
✲
✗ ✍ ✜ ✛ ✑ ✤ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✜ ✑ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✥ ✒ ✗ ✏ ✤ ✍ ✣
✯
✑ ✣ ✕ ✎ ✌ ✙ ✗ ✌ ✙ ✣ ✏ ✒ ✤ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✚ ✧ ✒ ✤ ✖ ✎ ✒ ✑
♣
✥ ✖ ✎ ✙ ✏ ✌ ✜ ✑ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✤
✫ ✺
✌ ✒
✗ ✍ ✤ ✤ ✒ ✗ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✛ ✤ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✘ ✣ ✒ ✢✏ ✤ ✍ ✣ ✙ ✚
✹ ♥ ✿ ✾ ❀ ✽
➊
❁ ❂ ❃
P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✂✶ ✆ ✝
❆ ✞ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✑ ✒ ✟ ✓ ✔✑ ✠ ✕ ✖✗ ✞ ✘ ☛ ✑ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✒ ❆ ✙ ✚ ☛ ✠ ✛
❚ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✢ ✥ ✢ ✦ ✧ ★ ✦ ✩ ✪ ✣ ✪ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✤ ✫ ✫ ✬ ✧ ✭ ✩ ✮ ✤ ✣ ✢ ✫ ✧ ★ ✢ ✬ ✢ ✭ ✫ ✢ ✯ ✰ ✢ ✰ ✥ ✱ ✤ ✯ ✤ ✰ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✜ ✲ ✮ ✤ ✯ ✧ ✳ ✮ ✤ ✪ ✪ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✸✹
✺ ✻ ✼ ✽✾ ✿ ❀❁ ❂ ❃ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❉ ✻ ❊ ✾ ❃ ❅ ❋ ✾ ❄ ● ❅ ❍■ ❏ ❉ ❃ ❊ ❈ ❅ ❍
▼
✢
❑
✜ ✤ ✯ ✩
❑
✤ ✦ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷ ✮ ✲✪ ✣ ✯ ✧ ✣ ✥ ✢
❑
✧ ✯ ✳ ✲✪ ✢ ✰ ★ ✩ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✢
▲
✢ ✬ ✱ ✰ ✤ ✱ ✲✪ ✤ ✸✢
✧ ✳ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✢ ✬ ✮ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷ ✹ ♦ ★ ✧ ✮ ✤ ✯ ✪ ✣ ✤ ✯ ✰ ✩ ✯ ✸ ★ ✩ ✣ ✜ ✤
▲
✢ ✬ ✱ ✜ ✢ ✤
▲
✱ ✦ ✧ ✤ ✰ ✧ ✯
✜ ✢ ✬ ✜ ✢ ✤ ✰ ✮ ✤ ✱ ✸ ✢ ✣
▲
✢ ✬ ✱ ✣ ✩ ✬ ✢ ✰ ✹ ❤ ✲ ✣ ✯ ✧ ✮ ✢
❑
✜ ✤ ✯ ✩
❑
✤ ✦ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷ ✩ ✪ ✩ ✯
▲
✧ ✦
▲
✢ ✰ ✹
❚ ✜ ✤ ✣ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✧ ✣ ✣ ✧ ✪ ✤ ✱ ✣ ✜ ✤ ✣ ✮ ✢
❑
✜ ✤ ✯ ✩
❑
✤ ✦ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷
❑
✤ ✯ ✯ ✧ ✣ ✥ ✢ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✩ ✮ ✤ ✣ ✢ ✰ ✩ ✯
✧ ✬ ✰ ✩ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✱ ✜ ✲ ✮ ✤ ✯ ✤
❑
✣ ✩
▲
✩ ✣ ✱✹
◆
✧ ✯ ✪ ✩ ✰ ✢ ✬ ✤ ✫ ✢ ✬ ✪ ✧ ✯ ★ ✤ ✦ ✷ ✩ ✯ ✸ ★ ✩ ✣ ✜
❑
✧ ✯ ✪ ✣ ✤ ✯ ✣ ✪ ✫ ✢ ✢ ✰
✈
❖
✹ ❚ ✜ ✢ ✮ ✢
❑
✜ ✤ ✯ ✩
❑
✤ ✦ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷ ✜ ✢ ✰ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✮ ✤ ✱ ✥ ✢ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✩ ✮ ✤ ✣ ✢ ✰ ✪ ✩ ✮ ✫ ✦ ✱
★ ✩ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✫ ✧ ✳ ✣ ✜ ✢ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷ ✇ ✢ ✯ ✢ ✬ ✸✱ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✧ ✬ ✢ ✮ ✹ ♦✪ ✪ ✲ ✮ ✢ ◗
❘ ✤ ❙ ❚ ✜ ✢ ✮ ✤ ❯ ✧ ✬ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷ ✰ ✧ ✯ ✢ ✩ ✯ ★ ✤ ✦ ✷ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✩ ✪ ✰ ✲ ✢ ✣ ✧ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✤
❑ ❑
✢ ✦ ✢ ✬ ✤ ✣ ✩ ✧ ✯ ✤ ✯ ✰ ✰ ✢
❑
✢ ✦ ✢ ✬ ✤ ✣ ✩ ✧ ✯ ✧ ✳ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✸ ✪ ★ ✩ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✤
❑
✜ ✪ ✣ ✬ ✩ ✰ ✢
❘
❱
✢ ✢
❲
✩ ✸✹ ✴ ✹
❳
✵ ❙ ✹
❘ ✥ ❙ ❨ ✢ ✸✦ ✢
❑
✣ ✤ ✩ ✬ ✬ ✢ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✣ ✤ ✯
❑
✢ ✹
❘
❑
❙ ❨ ✢ ✸✦ ✢
❑
✣ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✪ ✮ ✤ ✦ ✦ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷ ✰ ✧ ✯ ✢ ✩ ✯ ✦ ✩ ✳ ✣ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✸ ✪ ✤ ✸ ✤ ✩ ✯ ✪ ✣ ✸✬ ✤
▲
✩ ✣ ✱ ✹
❘ ✰ ❙ ❨ ✢ ✸✦ ✢
❑
✣ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✪ ★ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✧ ✳ ✜ ✤ ✯ ✰ ✪ ✢ ✣
❑
✹ ✤ ✪ ✩ ✪
❑
✧ ✮ ✮ ✧ ✯ ✩ ✯ ★ ✤ ✦ ✷ ✩ ✯ ✸✹
♦✪ ★ ✢
❑
✤ ✯ ✪ ✢ ✢ ✩ ✯
❲
✩ ✸✹ ✴ ✹
❳
✵ ❩ ✩ ✯ ✢ ✤
❑
✜ ✪ ✣ ✬ ✩ ✰ ✢ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✸ ✩ ✪ ✥ ✬ ✧ ✲ ✸✜ ✣ ✳ ✬ ✧ ✮ ✬ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✣ ✧ ✤ ✪ ✫ ✢ ✢ ✰ ❩ ✤ ✫ ✫ ✬ ✧ ✭ ✩ ✮ ✤ ✣ ✢ ✦ ✱ ✢ ❬ ✲✤ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✣ ✜ ✢
✪ ✫ ✢ ✢ ✰ ✧ ✳ ★ ✤ ✦ ✷ ✩ ✯ ✸ ❩ ✤ ✯ ✰ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✯ ✥ ✬ ✧ ✲ ✸✜ ✣ ✣ ✧ ✬ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✤ ✸ ✤ ✩ ✯ ✹
❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❵❴❛❜ ❝ ❞ ❡ ❢ ❢ ❣ ✐❥❦ ❧ ❥ ❡ ♠ ❞ ♠ ♥ ❧ ✐❡ ❞ ♣ ❢ q ✐ ❥❦ ❡ r q ❡ ❞ s❧ ❢ t ❡ ❞ ♣ ✉ ① ② ❡ ❢ q ❥② q ♥ ❡ ❦ ✐ ❥ ❢ q ♣ ❡ ✐ ③ ❧ ④ ❡ ③ ❧ ❢ ❢ ⑤ ♠♥♥ ❥② q ❦ ♠ ❣ ❞ r ⑥ ❥② q ✐q⑦ ♠ ❞ r ❢ q ♣
❡ ✐ ♠ ❞ ❥② q ♣ ❦ ♠ ❣ ❞ r ❧ ❞ r
✈
❡ ⑦ q
⑧ ✈
q ❦ ✐ ❧
❚ ✜ ✢ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷ ✰ ✧ ✯ ✢ ✥ ✱ ✧ ✯ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✸ ✩ ✯ ✢ ✤
❑
✜ ✪ ✣ ✬ ✩ ✰ ✢ ✩ ✪
⑨
⑩ ❶
❷❸
✥ ✱ ✣ ✜ ✢ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷ ✇ ✢ ✯ ✢ ✬ ✸✱ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✧ ✬ ✢ ✮ ✹
❹
✢ ✬ ✢ ③
❺
✩ ✪ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✮ ✤ ✪ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✸✹
❨ ✧ ✣ ✢
❻ ❼
❽
❾ ❿
➀➁
✢ ✯ ✢ ✬ ✸✱ ✩ ✪ ✢ ✭ ✫ ✢ ✯ ✰ ✢ ✰ ✥ ✱ ✧ ✯ ✢ ✪ ✢ ✣ ✧ ✳ ✦ ✢ ✸ ✮ ✲✪
❑
✦ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✧ ✥ ✬ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✳ ✧ ✧ ✣ ✳ ✬ ✧ ✮ ✬ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✣ ✧ ✪ ✫ ✢ ✢ ✰
✈
❖
★ ✜ ✩ ✦ ✢ ✤ ✯
✤ ✰ ✰ ✩ ✣ ✩ ✧ ✯ ✤ ✦
➂ ➃
⑨
⑩ ❶
❷❸
✩ ✪ ✢ ✭ ✫ ✢ ✯ ✰ ✢ ✰ ✥ ✱ ✤
❑
✧ ✮ ✫ ✦ ✢ ✮ ✢ ✯ ✣ ✤ ✬ ✱ ✪ ✢ ✣ ✧ ✳ ✦ ✢ ✸ ✮ ✲✪
❑
✦ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✧ ✥ ✬ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✳ ✧ ✧ ✣ ✣ ✧ ✬ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✳ ✬ ✧ ✮ ✪ ✫ ✢ ✢ ✰
✈
❖
✹
❹
✢ ✯
❑
✢ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷ ✰ ✧ ✯ ✢ ✥ ✱ ✥ ✧ ✣ ✜ ✦ ✢ ✸ ✪ ✩ ✯ ✧ ✯ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✬ ✩ ✰ ✢ ✩ ✪ ❘ ✪ ✣ ✲✰ ✱
❲
✩ ✸✹ ✴ ✹
❳
✵
❑
✤ ✬ ✢ ✳ ✲ ✦ ✦ ✱ ❙
⑨
⑩ ❶➄
❷❸➅ ➂ ➆
❘ ✴ ✹
➇ ➈
❙
♦✪ ✪ ✲ ✮ ✩ ✯ ✸ ③
❺
➉ ➊
✵ ✷ ✸ ✤ ✯ ✰ ✪ ✦ ✧ ★ ✬ ✲ ✯ ✯ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✧ ✳ ✤ ✯ ✩ ✯ ✢ ✇ ✮ ✩ ✯ ✲ ✣ ✢ ✮ ✩ ✦ ✢ ★ ✜ ✩
❑
✜ ✣ ✬ ✤ ✯ ✪ ✦ ✤ ✣ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✧
➇
✮ ✪
➋ ➌
✩ ✯
❱ ➍
✲ ✯ ✩ ✣ ✪ ❩ ★ ✢ ✧ ✥ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✯
①
➎
➏
➊
➐ ✵ ➑ ➒ ✪ ✣ ✬ ✩ ✰ ✢
➍
✳ ★ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✷ ✢ ✤ ✪ ✣ ✬ ✩ ✰ ✢ ✣ ✧ ✥ ✢
❳
✮ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✸ ❩ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✫ ✢ ✬ ✪ ✧ ✯
❑
✧
▲
✢ ✬ ✪
➊
✹ ➓ ✪ ✣ ✬ ✩ ✰ ✢ ✪ ✫ ✢ ✬ ✪ ✢
❑
✧ ✯ ✰ ✤ ✣ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✪ ✫ ✢ ✢ ✰ ✧ ✳
➇
✮ ✪
➋ ➌
✹ ❚ ✜ ✲✪ ✣ ✜ ✢
✫ ✧ ★ ✢ ✬ ✢ ✭ ✫ ✢ ✯ ✰ ✢ ✰
➔ → ➣ ↔ ↕ ➙
➔ ➛ ➜ ➝ ➙ →
➞ ➟ ➠
➔ ➛ ➜ ➝ ➙ →
➡
➞ ➢ ➤ ×➥ ➦
➉ ❳ ➧
✵
➨
➨
✢ ✮ ✲✪ ✣ ✥ ✢ ✤ ✬ ✩ ✯ ✮ ✩ ✯ ✰ ✣ ✜ ✤ ✣ ✣ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✤ ✦ ✧ ★ ✢ ✬ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✩ ✮ ✤ ✣ ✢ ✪ ✩ ✯
❑
✢ ✪ ✢
▲
✢ ✬ ✤ ✦ ✤
▲
✢ ✯ ✲ ✢ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✫ ✧ ★ ✢ ✬ ✦ ✧ ✪ ✪ ❘ ✢ ✹ ✸✹ ✪ ★ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✧ ✳ ✜ ✤ ✯ ✰ ✪ ❩
✤ ✩ ✬ ✬ ✢ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✣ ✤ ✯
❑
✢ ✢ ✣
❑
✹ ❙ ✜ ✤
▲
✢ ✥ ✢ ✢ ✯ ✩ ✸✯ ✧ ✬ ✢ ✰ ✹ ❚ ✜ ✢ ✩ ✯ ✣ ✢ ✬ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✫ ✧ ✩ ✯ ✣ ✩ ✪ ✣ ✜ ✤ ✣ ★ ✢ ✰ ✩ ✰ ✯ ✧ ✣ ★ ✧ ✬ ✬ ✱ ✤ ✥ ✧ ✲ ✣ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✳ ✧ ✬
❑
✢ ✪ ✩ ✯
▲
✧ ✦
▲
✢ ✰ ✹
❚ ✜ ✢ ✳ ✧ ✬
❑
✢ ✪ ❩ ✮ ✤ ✩ ✯ ✦ ✱ ✳ ✬ ✩
❑
✣ ✩ ✧ ✯ ✤ ✯ ✰ ✣ ✜ ✧ ✪ ✢ ✢ ✭ ✢ ✬ ✣ ✢ ✰ ✧ ✯ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✸ ✥ ✱ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✮ ✲✪
❑
✦ ✢ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✬ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✧ ✳ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✥ ✧ ✰ ✱ ❩ ✤ ✬ ✢ ✜ ✤ ✬ ✰ ✣ ✧
✢ ✪ ✣ ✩ ✮ ✤ ✣ ✢ ✹
❱
✣ ✤ ✣ ✩
❑
✳ ✬ ✩
❑
✣ ✩ ✧ ✯ ✰ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✯ ✧ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷ ✤ ✯ ✰ ★ ✢ ✥ ✱ ✫ ✤ ✪ ✪ ✢ ✰ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✩ ✮ ✫ ✧ ✪ ✪ ✩ ✥ ✦ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✪ ✷ ✧ ✳ ✢ ✪ ✣ ✩ ✮ ✤ ✣ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✣ ✜ ✢ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷ ✰ ✧ ✯ ✢ ✥ ✱ ✣ ✜ ✢
✮ ✲✪
❑
✦ ✢ ✪ ✥ ✱ ✣ ✤ ✷ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✬ ✢
❑
✧ ✲ ✬ ✪ ✢ ✣ ✧ ✣ ✜ ✢ ★ ✧ ✬ ✷ ✇ ✢ ✯ ✢ ✬ ✸✱ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✧ ✬ ✢ ✮ ✹
➨
✢
❑
✤ ✯ ✤ ✦ ✪ ✧ ✪ ✢ ✢ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✤ ✰
▲
✤ ✯ ✣ ✤ ✸✢ ✧ ✳ ✤ ★ ✜ ✢ ✢ ✦ ✹ ❚ ✜ ✢ ★ ✜ ✢ ✢ ✦
✫ ✢ ✬ ✮ ✩ ✣ ✪ ✪ ✮ ✧ ✧ ✣ ✜ ✦ ✧
❑
✧ ✮ ✧ ✣ ✩ ✧ ✯ ★ ✩ ✣ ✜ ✧ ✲ ✣ ✣ ✜ ✢
❑
✧ ✯ ✣ ✩ ✯ ✲✤ ✦ ✪ ✣ ✤ ✬ ✣ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✤ ✯ ✰ ✪ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✫ ✩ ✯ ✸ ✩ ✯ ✮ ✤ ✮ ✮ ✤ ✦ ✩ ✤ ✯ ✦ ✧
❑
✧ ✮ ✧ ✣ ✩ ✧ ✯ ✹
❈ ❍  ✁✂ ✄ ☎ ✥ ✄ ❊ ✄ ✆
❙ ❨ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✝ ❖ ✡ ☛ ❆ ☞ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✝ ❆ ✏ ✑ ✒ ❖ ✞ ❆ ✞ ✌ ❖ ✏ ❆ ✎ ✓ ❖ ✞ ✌ ❖ ✏
✼ ✔ ✕ ■ ✖✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛✜✗ ■ ✙ ✖
✢ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✧ ✩ ✬ ✦ ★ ✭ ✤ ✧ ✩ ✮ ✯ ✧ ✭ ✩ ✫ ✰ ★ ✩ ✫ ✪ ✱ ✬ ✲ ✣ ✮ ✫ ✳ ✧ ✩ ✧ ✳ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✰ ✲ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣
✲ ♦ ★ ✮ ✫ ✣ ✴ ✪ ✧ ✭ ★ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✪ ✧ ✵ ✶ ✭ ★ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✪ ✧ ✫ ✮ ✩ ✧ ✭ ✩ ✧ ✮ ✧ ✣ ✤ ✧ ✳ ★ ✮ ★ ✭ ✲ ✫ ✣ ✤ ✰ ★ ✮ ✮ ✷
✢ ✤ ✦ ★ ✮ ✭ ✩ ★ ✬ ✤ ✫ ✬ ★ ✪ ✪ ✱ ✣ ✲ ✮ ✫ ✸ ✧ ✹ ✷ ✺ ✧ ★ ✭ ✭ ✪ ✫ ✧ ✳ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✩ ✧ ✮ ❡ ✪ ✤ ✮ ✲ ♦ ✲ ❡ ✩
✮ ✤ ❡ ✳ ✱ ✧ s ✧ ✣ ✤ ✲ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✰ ✲ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✲ ♦ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✫ ✧ ✮ ✲ ♦ ♦ ✫ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✧ ✮ ✫ ✸ ✧ ✽ ★ ✮ ✮ ❡ ✰ ✫ ✣ ✴
✤ ✦ ★ ✤ ✰ ✲ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✲ ♦ ✮ ❡ ✬ ✦ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✫ ✧ ✮ ✬ ★ ✣ ✻ ✧ ✳ ✧ ✮ ✬ ✩ ✫ ✻ ✧ ✳ ✫ ✣ ✤ ✧ ✩ ✰ ✮ ✲ ♦ ✤ ✦ ✧
✰ ✲ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✲ ♦ ★ ✭ ★ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✪ ✧ ✷
✶ ✣ ✱ ✩ ✧ ★ ✪ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✱ ✯ ✦ ✫ ✬ ✦ ✯ ✧ ✧ ✣ ✬ ✲ ❡ ✣ ✤ ✧ ✩ ✫ ✣ ✳ ★ ✫ ✪ ✱ ✪ ✫ ♦ ✧ ✦ ★ ✮ ★
♦ ✫ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✧ ✮ ✫ ✸ ✧ ✷ ✢ ✣ ✳ ✧ ★ ✪ ✫ ✣ ✴ ✯ ✫ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✰ ✲ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✲ ♦ ✧ ❢ ✤ ✧ ✣ ✳ ✧ ✳ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✫ ✧ ✮
✵ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✫ ✧ ✮ ✲ ♦ ♦ ✫ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✧ ✮ ✫ ✸ ✧ ✹ ✲ ♦ ✤ ✧ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✫ ✳ ✧ ★ ✪ ✫ ✮ ✧ ✳ ✰ ✲ ✳ ✧ ✪ ✲ ♦ ★ ✭ ★ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✪ ✧ ✫ ✮
✫ ✣ ★ ✳ ✧ ✐ ❡ ★ ✤ ✧ ✷ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✫ ✮ ✬ ✦ ★ ✭ ✤ ✧ ✩ ✯ ✧ ✮ ✦ ★ ✪ ✪ ✤ ✩ ✱ ✤ ✲ ✴ ✲ ✻ ✧ ✱ ✲ ✣ ✳ ✤ ✦ ✫ ✮
✫ ✣ ★ ✳ ✧ ✐ ❡ ★ ✬ ✱ ✷ ✺ ✧ ✮ ✦ ★ ✪ ✪ ★ ✤ ✤ ✧ ✰ ✭ ✤ ✤ ✲ ✻ ❡ ✫ ✪ ✳ ★ ✣ ❡ ✣ ✳ ✧ ✩ ✮ ✤ ★ ✣ ✳ ✫ ✣ ✴ ✲ ♦
✤ ✦ ✧ ✰ ✲ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✲ ♦ ✧ ❢ ✤ ✧ ✣ ✳ ✧ ✳ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✫ ✧ ✮ ✷ ✶ ✣ ✧ ❢ ✤ ✧ ✣ ✳ ✧ ✳ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✱ ✽ ✫ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✧
♦ ✫ ✩ ✮ ✤ ✭ ✪ ★ ✬ ✧ ✽ ✫ ✮ ★ ✮ ✱ ✮ ✤ ✧ ✰ ✲ ♦ ✭ ★ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✪ ✧ ✮ ✷ ✺ ✧ ✮ ✦ ★ ✪ ✪ ✻ ✧ ✴ ✫ ✣ ✯ ✫ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✦ ✧
✬ ✲ ✣ ✮ ✫ ✳ ✧ ✩ ★ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✲ ♦ ✰ ✲ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✲ ♦ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✮ ✱ ✮ ✤ ✧ ✰ ★ ✮ ★ ✯ ✦ ✲ ✪ ✧ ✷ ❝ ✦ ✧ ✬ ✧ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✧
✲ ♦ ✰ ★ ✮ ✮ ✲ ♦ ★ ✮ ✱ ✮ ✤ ✧ ✰ ✲ ♦ ✭ ★ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✪ ✧ ✮ ✯ ✫ ✪ ✪ ✻ ✧ ★ ✾ ✧ ✱ ✬ ✲ ✣ ✬ ✧ ✭ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✩ ✧ ✷
✺ ✧ ✮ ✦ ★ ✪ ✪ ✳ ✫ ✮ ✬ ❡ ✮ ✮ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✰ ✲ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✲ ♦ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✬ ✧ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✧ ✲ ♦ ✰ ★ ✮ ✮ ✲ ♦ ★ ✮ ✱ ✮ ✤ ✧ ✰
✲ ♦ ✭ ★ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✪ ✧ ✮ ★ ✣ ✳ ❡ ✮ ✧ ♦ ❡ ✪ ✣ ✧ ✮ ✮ ✲ ♦ ✤ ✦ ✫ ✮ ✬ ✲ ✣ ✬ ✧ ✭ ✤ ✫ ✣ ❡ ✣ ✳ ✧ ✩ ✮ ✤ ★ ✣ ✳ ✫ ✣ ✴
✤ ✦ ✧ ✰ ✲ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✲ ♦ ✧ ❢ ✤ ✧ ✣ ✳ ✧ ✳ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✫ ✧ ✮ ✷
✶ ✪ ★ ✩ ✴ ✧ ✬ ✪ ★ ✮ ✮ ✲ ♦ ✭ ✩ ✲ ✻ ✪ ✧ ✰ ✮ ✯ ✫ ✤ ✦ ✧ ❢ ✤ ✧ ✣ ✳ ✧ ✳ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✫ ✧ ✮ ✬ ★ ✣ ✻ ✧
✮ ✲ ✪ s ✧ ✳ ✻ ✱ ✬ ✲ ✣ ✮ ✫ ✳ ✧ ✩ ✫ ✣ ✴ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✰ ✤ ✲ ✻ ✧ ✩ ✫ ✴ ✫ ✳ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✫ ✧ ✮ ✷
■
✿ ❀ ❁ ❂ ❂ ❃ ❁
r ❄ ❅ ❄ ✿ ❇ ❉ ✿ ❃ ❄ ❋ ❁ ❇ ❉ ✿ ❃ ● ❄ ❏ ❑ ❁ ▲ ❀ r ▼ ❀ ◆ ❏ ❂ ❃ ✿ ❀ ▼ ❄ P ❄ ❏ ❀ ❁ P ✿
✉ P ◆ ❑ ❁ P ❅ ❄ P ❅ ❋ ❑ ❁ ▲ ❀
✔ ✗
❑ ❀ ✿ ❄ ❋ ❏ ❁ P ◆ ❀ ❋ ❇ ❀ ❏● ❀ ❀ P ✿ ❄ ▼ ▼ ❀ r ❀ P ❏ ▲ ❁ ❄ r❋
❉ ▼ ❋ ✉ ◆ ❑ ❁ ❇ ❉ ✿ ❃ ✿ ❉ P ❉ ❏ ◆ ❑ ❁ P ❅ ❀
✔
✢ ✤ ✫ ✮ ✧ s ✫ ✳ ✧ ✣ ✤ ♦ ✩ ✲ ✰ ✤ ✦ ✫ ✮
✳ ✧ ♦ ✫ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✲ ♦ ★ ✩ ✫ ✴ ✫ ✳ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✱ ✤ ✦ ★ ✤ ✣ ✲ ✩ ✧ ★ ✪ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✱ ✫ ✮ ✤ ✩ ❡ ✪ ✱ ✩ ✫ ✴ ✫ ✳ ✽ ✮ ✫ ✣ ✬ ✧
✩ ✧ ★ ✪ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✫ ✧ ✮ ✳ ✧ ♦ ✲ ✩ ✰ ❡ ✣ ✳ ✧ ✩ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✫ ✣ ♦ ✪ ❡ ✧ ✣ ✬ ✧ ✲ ♦ ♦ ✲ ✩ ✬ ✧ ✮ ✷
♠
❡ ✤ ✫ ✣ ✰ ★ ✣ ✱
✮ ✫ ✤ ❡ ★ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✮ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✳ ✧ ♦ ✲ ✩ ✰ ★ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✮ ★ ✩ ✧ ✣ ✧ ✴ ✪ ✫ ✴ ✫ ✻ ✪ ✧ ✷ ❝ ✦ ❡ ✮ ✽ ✫ ✣ ★ ✣ ❡ ✰ ✻ ✧ ✩
✲ ♦ ✮ ✫ ✤ ❡ ★ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✮ ✫ ✣ s ✲ ✪ s ✫ ✣ ✴ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✫ ✧ ✮ ✮ ❡ ✬ ✦ ★ ✮ ✯ ✦ ✧ ✧ ✪ ✮ ✽ ✤ ✲ ✭ ✮ ✽ ✮ ✤ ✧ ✧ ✪
✻ ✧ ★ ✰ ✮ ✽ ✰ ✲ ✪ ✧ ✬ ❡ ✪ ✧ ✮ ★ ✣ ✳ ✭ ✪ ★ ✣ ✧ ✤ ✮ ✲ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✲ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✩ ✦ ★ ✣ ✳ ✽ ✯ ✧ ✬ ★ ✣ ✫ ✴ ✣ ✲ ✩ ✧
✤ ✦ ★ ✤ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✱ ✯ ★ ✩ ✭ ✽ ✻ ✧ ✣ ✳ ✲ ✩ s ✫ ✻ ✩ ★ ✤ ✧ ★ ✣ ✳ ✤ ✩ ✧ ★ ✤ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✰ ★ ✮ ✩ ✫ ✴ ✫ ✳ ✷
✼ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✕ ◗
❑ ❁ ❏
❘
❄ P ✿ ❉ ▼
❚
❉ ❏❄ ❉ P ◆ ❁ P ❁ r ❄ ❅ ❄ ✿ ❇ ❉ ✿ ❃ ❑ ❁
❯
❀
❱
❲ ✧ ✤ ❡ ✮ ✤ ✩ ✱ ✤ ✲ ✧ ❢ ✭ ✪ ✲ ✩ ✧ ✤ ✦ ✫ ✮ ✐ ❡ ✧ ✮ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✻ ✱ ✤ ★ ✾ ✫ ✣ ✴ ✮ ✲ ✰ ✧ ✧ ❢ ★ ✰ ✭ ✪ ✧ ✮
✲ ♦ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✰ ✲ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✣ ✲ ♦ ✩ ✫ ✴ ✫ ✳ ✻ ✲ ✳ ✫ ✧ ✮ ✷ ❲ ✧ ✤ ❡ ✮ ✻ ✧ ✴ ✫ ✣ ✯ ✫ ✤ ✦ ★ ✩ ✧ ✬ ✤ ★ ✣ ✴ ❡ ✪ ★ ✩
✻ ✪ ✲ ✬ ✾ ✮ ✪ ✫ ✳ ✫ ✣ ✴ ✳ ✲ ✯ ✣ ★ ✣ ✫ ✣ ✬ ✪ ✫ ✣ ✧ ✳ ✭ ✪ ★ ✣ ✧ ✯ ✫ ✤ ✦ ✲ ❡ ✤ ★ ✣ ✱ ✮ ✫ ✳ ✧ ✯ ✫ ✮ ✧
✼ ✔ ✕
❳ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❴❵ ❬ ❛ ❪ ❩
✼ ✔ ❜ ❞ ❣
❩ ❬ ❭
❣
❪
❤ ❥ ❦ ❧ ❧
✼ ✔
♥ ♣ ❪ ❬ ❛ ❪ ❩ ❪
❤
❵
❣
❩ ❬ ❭
❣
❪
❤ ❥ ❦ ❧ ❧
✼ ✔ q t
❛ ❩
❣ ❦
❭
❥
❪
❥ ❣
❩ ❬ ❴
❥
❪
❤ ❦
❧ ✈ ❧
❬
❣ ❥
❪
❤ ✇ ❦
❭ ❬ ❛ ❵
① ❣ ❧
✼ ✔ ② ③ ❣
❵ ❬ ❪ ❭
✇
❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❬ ❪
❤
❬
④
❪
⑤ ❣
❵ ❬ ❪ ❭
❧
✼ ✔ ⑥ ⑦
❩
⑧
❴
① ❦
❭
⑤ ❣ ①
❪ ❵ ❛ ❬
✈ ❦
❩ ❫ ❛ ❬
❧
❭
❣ ① ❦
❬ ❛ ❪ ❩
④
❛ ❬ ⑨
①
❛ ❩
❣ ❦
❭
⑤ ❣ ①
❪ ❵ ❛ ❬
✈
✼ ✔ ✼
⑩ ❪ ❭ ❶ ❴
❣ ❦
❩ ❫
❦
❩
⑧
❴
① ❦
❭
❥
❪
❥ ❣
❩ ❬ ❴
❥
✼ ✔
❷ ❸ ❶ ❴ ❛
①
❛ ❹ ❭ ❛ ❴
❥
❪
❤ ❦
❭ ❛
⑧
❛ ❫ ❹ ❪ ❫
✈
✼ ✔ ❺
♣ ❪
❥ ❣
❩ ❬ ❪
❤
❛ ❩
❣
❭ ❬ ❛
❦
✼ ✔ ✕
❻ ⑩ ⑨
❣
❪ ❭
❣ ❥ ❧
❪
❤ ✇ ❣
❭
✇ ❣
❩ ❫ ❛ ❵ ❴
① ❦
❭
❦
❩ ❫
✇ ❦
❭
❦ ① ① ❣ ① ❦ ❼ ❣ ❧
✼ ✔ ✕ ✕ ❽
❛ ❩
❣ ❥ ❦
❬ ❛ ❵
❧
❪
❤
❭ ❪ ❬
❦
❬ ❛ ❪ ❩
❦ ①
❥
❪ ❬ ❛ ❪ ❩
❦
❹ ❪ ❴ ❬
❦ ❤
❛
❼ ❣
❫
❦ ❼
❛
❧
✼ ✔ ✕ ❜ ❾ ✈
❩
❦ ❥
❛ ❵
❧
❪
❤
❭ ❪ ❬
❦
❬ ❛ ❪ ❩
❦ ①
❥
❪ ❬ ❛ ❪ ❩
❦
❹ ❪ ❴ ❬
❦ ❤
❛
❼ ❣
❫
❦ ❼
❛
❧
✼ ✔ ✕
♥
⑦
❩
⑧
❴
① ❦
❭
❥
❪
❥ ❣
❩ ❬ ❴
❥
❛ ❩ ❵
❦ ❧ ❣
❪
❤
❭ ❪ ❬
❦
❬ ❛ ❪ ❩
❦
❹ ❪ ❴ ❬
❦ ❤
❛
❼ ❣
❫
❦ ❼
❛
❧
✼ ✔ ✕ q
❿ ❪
① ①
❛ ❩
⑧ ❥
❪ ❬ ❛ ❪ ❩
➀
❴
❥ ❥ ❦
❭
✈
➁
❪ ❛ ❩ ❬
❧
❬ ❪
➁
❪ ❩ ❫
❣
❭
❸
❼ ❣
❭ ❵ ❛
❧ ❣ ❧
⑦
❫ ❫ ❛ ❬ ❛ ❪ ❩
❦ ① ❣ ❼ ❣
❭ ❵ ❛
❧ ❣ ❧
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
♠ ✞ ✟ ✠ ♠ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✞ ✘ ✙ ☞ ✚ ☛ ✔ ♠ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡
✘ ✞ ❞ ✡ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✛ ✏ ✕ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✕ ☛ ✕ ✏ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✛ ✕ ✖ ☛ ✓ ✑ ✏ ✠ ✔ ✞ ✢
☛ ✍ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✠ ♠ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✡ ✗ ☛ ✞ ✗ ✠ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✖ ✱ ✓ ☞ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✙ ✍ ✕ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✍ ✠
✔ ✕ ♠ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✞ ✑ ✓ ☛ ✙ ✕ ☛ ✕ ✡ ✙ ✓ ✡ ✔ ☛ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✞ ✢ ☛ ✓ ♠ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✘
✎ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✍ ✠ ✖ ✠ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✡ ✛ ✜ ✖ ✠ ☛ ✖ ✕ ✡ ✔ ✏ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✕ ✏ ♠ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡
✭ ✣ ✓ ✗ ☞ ✤ ☞ ✥ ✦ ☞
■ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ❡ ✫ ✪ ✬ ✧ ✮ ✯ ✬ ✫ ✰ ✲ ✧ ✬ ✯ ✳ ✲ ✫ ✰ ✲ ✧ ✬ ✫ ✬ ✧ ✴
✰ ✧ ✮ ✫✬ ✧ ✫ ✲ ✐ ✫ ✰ ✳ ❡ ❡ ✵ ❡ ✪ ✴ ★ ✬ ✪ ✫ ✰ ✷ ✯ ❡ ✲ ✐ ✫✸ ❡ ✹ ✲ ✺ ✴ ✸ ✬ ✮
✫ ✸ ❡ ✮ ✬ ✳ ❡ ✵ ❡ ✯ ✲ ✷ ✰ ✫ ✴
t
❈
✞ ✡ ✔ ✓ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✞ ❞ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✖ ✞ ✏ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✗ ♠ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✞ ✏ ✓ ✘
♠ ✠ ☛ ✕ ✏ ✏ ✓ ✑ ✞ ✖ ❞ ✞ ✞ ✘ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✙ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✘ ✞ ❞ ✡ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✔ ✕ ♠ ✠
✓ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✠ ✘ ✛ ✏ ✕ ✡ ✠ ✭ ✣ ✓ ✗ ☞ ✤ ☞
✻
✦ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✡ ☛ ✍ ✓ ✔
✛ ✖ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✠ ♠ ✱ ✡ ✕ ♠ ✠ ✏ ✙ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✑ ✙ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✱ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✢ ☛ ✔ ✢ ✖ ✞ ♠ ☛ ✍ ✠
☛ ✞ ✛ ☛ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✎ ✞ ☛ ☛ ✞ ♠ ✞ ✢ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✓ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✠ ✘ ✛ ✏ ✕ ✡ ✠ ✱ ✕ ✡ ✘ ☛ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✱
✍ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✖ ✕ ✡ ✔ ✏ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✕ ✏ ♠ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ☞
❤
✜ ☛ ✕ ✔ ✣ ✓ ✗ ☞ ✤ ☞
✻
✔ ✍ ✞ ❞ ✔ ✱
✕ ✏ ✏ ✓ ☛ ✔ ✛ ✕ ✖ ☛ ✓ ✑ ✏ ✠ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✠ ✡ ✞ ☛ ♠ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✡ ✗ ❞ ✓ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✔ ✕ ♠ ✠
✟ ✠ ✏ ✞ ✑ ✓ ☛ ✙ ✕ ☛ ✕ ✡ ✙ ✓ ✡ ✔ ☛ ✕ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✘ ✙ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✖ ✠ ✢ ✞ ✖ ✠ ✱ ✓ ✔
✡ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✛ ✜ ✖ ✠ ☛ ✖ ✕ ✡ ✔ ✏ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✚ ☛ ✔ ♠ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✔ ☛ ✖ ✕ ✡ ✔ ✏ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡
✛ ✏ ✜ ✔
♣
✔ ✞ ♠ ✠ ☛ ✍ ✓ ✡ ✗ ✠ ✏ ✔ ✠ ☞
✼
✚ ✡ ✞ ✖ ✘ ✠ ✖ ☛ ✞ ✜ ✡ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✔ ☛ ✕ ✡ ✘ ❞ ✍ ✕ ☛ ☛ ✍ ✓ ✔
♣
✔ ✞ ♠ ✠ ☛ ✍ ✓ ✡ ✗
✠ ✏ ✔ ✠
✼
✓ ✔ ✱ ✏ ✠ ☛ ✜ ✔ ☛ ✕ ✒ ✠ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✞ ✑ ✞ ✡ ✔ ☛ ✖ ✕ ✓ ✡ ✠ ✘
☛ ✍ ✕ ☛ ✓ ☛ ✑ ✕ ✡ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✕ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✖ ✕ ✡ ✔ ✏ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✕ ✏ ♠ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✠
♠ ✞ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✞ ♠ ♠ ✞ ✡ ❞ ✕ ✙ ☛ ✞ ✑ ✞ ✡ ✔ ☛ ✖ ✕ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✞
☛ ✍ ✕ ☛ ✓ ☛ ✘ ✞ ✠ ✔ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✍ ✕ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✖ ✕ ✡ ✔ ✏ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✕ ✏ ♠ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✔ ☛ ✞
✢ ✓
❢
✓ ☛ ✕ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✗ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✖ ✕ ✓ ✗ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✞ ✡ ✏ ✙ ✛ ✞ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✠
♠ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✢ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✍ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✔ ✪ ✲ ✫✬ ✫ ✰ ✲ ✧ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✠
✏ ✓ ✡ ✠ ✕ ✏ ✞ ✡ ✗ ❞ ✍ ✓ ✑ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✎ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✔ ✢ ✓
❢
✠ ✘ ✓ ✔ ☛ ✠ ✖ ♠ ✠ ✘ ✕ ✔
✓ ☛ ✔ ✬
❛
✰ ✮ ✲ ✐ ✪✲ ✫✬ ✫ ✰ ✲ ✧ ☞ ✚ ✢ ✙ ✞ ✜ ✏ ✞ ✞ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✞ ✜ ✡ ✘ ✱ ✙ ✞ ✜
❞ ✓ ✏ ✏ ✑ ✞ ♠ ✠ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✞ ✔ ✔ ♠ ✕ ✡ ✙ ✠
❢
✕ ♠ ✛ ✏ ✠ ✔ ✞ ✢ ✖ ✞ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡
✕ ✎ ✞ ✜ ☛ ✕ ✡ ✕
❢
✓ ✔ ✱ ✕ ✑ ✠ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✗ ✢ ✕ ✡ ✱ ✕ ✛ ✞ ☛ ☛ ✠ ✖
✼
✔ ❞ ✍ ✠ ✠ ✏ ✱ ✕
✗ ✓ ✕ ✡ ☛ ❞ ✍ ✠ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✢ ✕ ✓ ✖ ✱ ✕ ♠ ✠ ✖ ✖ ✙
✽
✗ ✞
✽
✖ ✞ ✜ ✡ ✘ ✕ ✡ ✘ ✔ ✞
✞ ✡ ✭ ✣ ✓ ✗ ✤ ☞
♦
✭ ✕ ✦ ✕ ✡ ✘ ✭ ✎ ✦ ✦ ☞
✭ ✕ ✦
✭ ✎ ✦
❋ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❀❂ ❘ ❃❄❅ ❄ ❆ ❃❇ ❅ ❉ ❃❊ ❄ ❅ ●❆ ❍❏ ❑ ❅ ❍❆ ▲
▼
❅
◆ ❖ ◗
❏ ❆
❙
❆ ❇
❚
●❅ ❇
▼
❉
◆ ❖
❯ ❃ ❄❄ ❏❱ ❲ ▲ ❳❨ ❏❏
❙
☞
❩ ✠ ☛ ✜ ✔ ☛ ✖ ✙ ☛ ✞ ✜ ✡ ✘ ✠ ✖ ✔ ☛ ✕ ✡ ✘ ❞ ✍ ✕ ☛ ✖ ✞ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ✓ ✔ ✱
❞ ✍ ✕ ☛ ✑ ✍ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✑ ☛ ✠ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✠ ✔ ✖ ✞ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✡ ☞ ❬ ✞ ✜ ♠ ✕ ✙ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✓ ✑ ✠
☛ ✍ ✕ ☛ ✰ ✧ ✪✲ ✫✬ ✫ ✰ ✲ ✧ ✲ ✐ ✬ ✪ ✰ ❭ ✰ ✺ ✹ ✲ ✺ ✴ ✬ ✹ ✲ ✩ ✫ ✬ ✐ ✰
❛
❡ ✺
❋ ✾ ✿ ❁ ❀
❪ ❫
❱ ❅ ❇ ▲
❙
❅ ❄ ❆ ❃ ❇ ❅
❙ ▼
▲
❙
❆ ❑ ❆ ❇
❚ ◆ r
❃ ❄ ❆ ❃ ❇ ❃● ❅ ❉
❙
❃
◗ ❴
❑ ❃❳ ❇
❅ ❇ ❆ ❇
◗ ❙
❆ ❇ ❏ ❑ ❯
❙
❅ ❇ ❏
❵
▼ ❖
❇ ❜ ❯ ❃ ❆ ❇ ❄
❙
❆
❴
❏ ❝
❣
❃ ❱ ❝
❥
❃● ❄❨ ❏ ❉
❙
❃
◗ ❴ r
❃❦❏ ▲
❳❆ ❄❨ ❄❨ ❏ ▲ ❅
r
❏ ❦ ❏
❙
❃
◗
❆ ❄ ❜ ❅ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❜ ❆ ❇ ▲ ❄❅ ❇ ❄ ❃● ❄ ❆
r
❏
❵ ◆
❋ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❀ ❧ ❘ ❃
❙ ❙
❆ ❇
❚ r
❃❄ ❆ ❃ ❇ ❃● ❅
◗
❜
❙
❆ ❇ ❑ ❏❱ ♥ ❄ ❆ ▲ ❇ ❃ ❄ ❯ ❊ ❱ ❏
❄❱ ❅ ❇ ▲
❙
❅ ❄ ❆ ❃ ❇ ❅
❙ r
❃ ❄ ❆ ❃ ❇
❵
❝ ❃❆ ❇ ❄ ▲ ❝
❣
q
❝
❥
q
❝
s
❅ ❇ ❑ ❝
✉
❨ ❅ ❦ ❏ ❑ ❆ ●● ❏ ❱ ❏❇ ❄ ❦ ❏
❙
❃
◗
❆ ❄ ❆ ❏ ▲
▼
▲ ❨ ❃❳ ❇ ❉ ❜ ❅ ❱ ❱ ❃❳ ▲
◆
❅ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❜ ❆ ❇ ▲ ❄❅ ❇ ❄ ❃● ❄❆
r
❏
❵
♥ ❇ ● ❅
◗
❄
q
❄❨ ❏ ❦ ❏
❙
❃
◗
❆ ❄ ❜ ❃●
❄❨ ❏ ❯ ❃❆ ❇ ❄ ❃●
◗
❃ ❇ ❄❅
◗
❄ ❝
s
❆ ▲
✈
❏❱ ❃ ❅ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❜ ❆ ❇ ▲ ❄❅ ❇ ❄
q
❆ ● ❄❨ ❏
◗
❜
❙
❆ ❇ ❑ ❏❱ ❱ ❃
❙ ❙
▲ ❳❆ ❄❨ ❃ ❊ ❄ ▲
❙
❆ ❯ ❯ ❆ ❇
❚ ❵
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✹ ✸
❛ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❛ ✓✖✍ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✔ ✣ ✙ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✤ ❛
✗ ✍ ✓✗ ✘ ✑ ✏
❝
✛ ✍ ✗ ✛ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✤ ❛ ✕ ✘ ❛ ✤ ✑ ✕ ✑ ✓✕ ✑ ✤ ✢ ✍ ✗
✥
✘ ❛ ✓ ✖ ✙
✖ ✛ ✑ ❛ ✌ ✍ ✎ ❛ ✤ ✢ ✛ ❛ ✎ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✑ ✤ ✖✓ ✑ ✙ ✤ ✖✛ ✑ ❛ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✳ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩
✼
✩
✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✱ ✭ ✯ ♦ ✯
✧
✭ ✲ ♦ ✴ ✵ ✭ ✯
✧
✭ ✲ ✭ ✷ ♦ ✱
✧ ★ ✧
✺ ✻ ✭ ✺ ✽
♦ ✻ ✭
✾
✯ ♦ ✷
✧ ✿
✰ ✺ ♦
✿ ✧
✫
❀
✯ ✬ ✰
③ ❁
♦
✿ ✧
✫ ✭ ✷ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✷ ✱ ♦ ✵ ✰ ✭ ✷
✱ ✰ ✷ ✰ ✱ ✰ ✲ ❡ ✰ ❂
✩
❃ ✰ ✯ ❄
❅
✻ ✰ ♦ ❆ ♦ ✱ ✯
✧
❡ ✴ ✰ ✭ ✷ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✱
✧ ★ ✧
✺ ✻ ✭ ✺ ✽ ❇
♦ ✱ ✻
✧
✯ ✱ ♦ ✱
✧
✴ ✽ ❡ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✰ ✲ ♦ ✲ ✺ ♦ ✯ ♦ ✺
✧
✫ ✯ ♦ ✲ ❡ ✰ r
❅
✷ ✱ ✭ ✵ ✷
✧ ✿
✰ ✺
♦
✿ ✧
✫
✩ ❈
✬ ✰ ❆ ♦ ✱ ✯
✧
❡ ✴ ✰ ❄
❅
✺ ✰ ✫ ❡ ✱
✧
✻ ✰ ✫ ♦ ❡
✧
✱ ❡ ✴ ✰ ✭ ✷ ✱ ♦ ✺
✧ ✾
✫
r
❅
✮
✧
✯ ✬
✧
✯ ✫ ❡ ✰ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✰ ✇
❅
✭ ✲ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✷
✧ ✿
✰ ✺ ♦
✿ ✧
✫
✩ ❈
✬ ✰ ❡
✧
✱ ❡ ✴ ✰
✴
✧
✰ ✫
✧
✲ ♦ ❆ ✴ ♦ ✲ ✰ ❆ ✰ ✱ ❆ ✰ ✲ ✺
✧
❡
✾
✴ ♦ ✱ ✯ ✭ ✯ ✬ ✰ ♦
✿ ✧
✫
✩ ❈
✬ ✰
✷
✧ ★ ✾
✱ ✰ ♦ ✴ ✫ ✭ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✫ ♦ ✲ ✭ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✱ ❆ ♦ ✱ ✯
✧
❡ ✴ ✰ ❄
❉
✭ ✷ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✱
✧ ★ ✧
✺
✻ ✭ ✺ ✽ ❇ ❄
❉
✧
✫ ♦ ✯ ♦ ✺
✧
✫ ✯ ♦ ✲ ❡ ✰ r
❉
✷ ✱ ✭ ✵ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✷
✧ ✿
✰ ✺ ♦
✿ ✧
✫
✩
❈
✬ ✰ ❆ ♦ ✱ ✯
✧
❡ ✴ ✰ ❄
❉
✵ ✭
❊
✰ ✫
✧
✲ ♦ ❡
✧
✱ ❡ ✴ ✰ ✭ ✷ ✱ ♦ ✺
✧ ✾
✫ r
❉
♦ ✲ ✺
✮
✧
✯ ✬ ❡ ✰ ✲ ✯ ✱ ✰ ✇
❉
✭ ✲ ✯ ✬ ✰ ♦
✿ ✧
✫
✩ ❈
✬
✧
✫ ❡
✧
✱ ❡ ✴ ✰ ❇ ✯ ✭ ✭ ❇ ✴
✧
✰ ✫
✧
✲ ♦ ❆ ✴ ♦ ✲ ✰ ❆ ✰ ✱ ❆ ✰ ✲ ✺
✧
❡
✾
✴ ♦ ✱ ✯ ✭ ✯ ✬ ✰ ♦
✿ ✧
✫
✩ ✐
✭ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✬ ♦ ✯
✯ ✬ ✰ ❡
✧
✱ ❡ ✴ ✰ ✫ ✺ ✰ ✫ ❡ ✱
✧
✻ ✰ ✺ ✻ ✽ ❄
❅
♦ ✲ ✺ ❄
❉
✵ ♦ ✽ ✴
✧
✰
✧
✲
✺
✧
✷ ✷ ✰ ✱ ✰ ✲ ✯ ❆ ✴ ♦ ✲ ✰ ✫ ❋ ✻ ✭ ✯ ✬ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✫ ✰ ❆ ✴ ♦ ✲ ✰ ✫ ❇ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✰
❊
✰ ✱ ❇
♦ ✱ ✰ ❆ ✰ ✱ ❆ ✰ ✲ ✺
✧
❡
✾
✴ ♦ ✱ ✯ ✭ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✷
✧ ✿
✰ ✺ ♦
✿ ✧
✫
✩ ✦
✭ ✱ ♦ ✲ ✽
❆ ♦ ✱ ✯
✧
❡ ✴ ✰ ✭ ✲ ✯ ✬ ✰ ♦
✿ ✧
✫ ✴
✧
♣ ✰ ❄
●
❇ r ❍ ■
✩
❏ ✲ ✽ ✫
✾
❡ ✬
❆ ♦ ✱ ✯
✧
❡ ✴ ✰ ✱ ✰ ✵ ♦
✧
✲ ✫ ✫ ✯ ♦ ✯
✧
✭ ✲ ♦ ✱ ✽ ✮ ✬
✧
✴ ✰ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✻ ✭ ✺ ✽
✱ ✭ ✯ ♦ ✯ ✰ ✫
✩ ❈
✬
✧
✫
✧
✫ ✰
✿
❆ ✰ ❡ ✯ ✰ ✺ ✫
✧
✲ ❡ ✰ ✯ ✬ ✰ ♦
✿ ✧
✫
✧
✫ ✷
✧ ✿
✰ ✺
✩
❑ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖ ◆ P ◗ ❘ ❯ ❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❩ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭❪ ❳
❫ ❴ ❵ ❜ ❳ ❪ ❨ ❩ ❭ ❪❞ ❢ ❪ ❩ ❭ ❣ ❢ ❭ ❪❞ ❭ ❵ ❜ ❭❪❳ ❤❨ ❭❵ ❭ ❵ ❜
❬ ❥ ❪❦ ❩ ❧ ♠ ❨ ❭ ❲ ❭ ❨ ❳ ♥ ♠ ❨ ❲ ❞ ❨ q❜❧ s t
❑ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖◆ P ◗ ✉ ❯ ❱ ❩ ❪ ❲❢ ❨ ✈ ✈ ❣ ❭ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭❣ ① ✈ ❜ ❞ ❣ ❩ s ❴ ❵ ❜ ❳ ❨ ② ❪❭ ❪❞ ❭ ❵ ❜
❞ ❣ ❩ ♠ ❳ ❪ ❨ ❩ ❭ ♥ ♠ ❨ ❲ ❞ ❨ q❜❧ s
④
✲ ✫ ✭ ✵ ✰ ✰
✿
♦ ✵ ❆ ✴ ✰ ✫ ✭ ✷ ✱ ✭ ✯ ♦ ✯
✧
✭ ✲ ❇ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✰
❊
✰ ✱ ❇ ✯ ✬ ✰
♦
✿ ✧
✫ ✵ ♦ ✽ ✲ ✭ ✯ ✻ ✰ ✷
✧ ✿
✰ ✺
✩
❏ ❆ ✱ ✭ ✵
✧
✲ ✰ ✲ ✯ ✰
✿
♦ ✵ ❆ ✴ ✰ ✭ ✷
✯ ✬
✧
✫ ♣
✧
✲ ✺ ✭ ✷ ✱ ✭ ✯ ♦ ✯
✧
✭ ✲
✧
✫ ♦ ✯ ✭ ❆ ✫ ❆
✧
✲ ✲
✧
✲
★ ✧
✲ ❆ ✴ ♦ ❡ ✰
⑤ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩
✼
✩ ⑥ ❀
♦ ❂
⑦ ✩ ❀ ⑧
✰ ♦ ✫ ✫
✾
✵ ✰ ✯ ✬ ♦ ✯ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✯ ✭ ❆ ✺ ✭ ✰ ✫ ✲ ✭ ✯
✫ ✴
✧
❆ ✷ ✱ ✭ ✵ ❆ ✴ ♦ ❡ ✰ ✯ ✭ ❆ ✴ ♦ ❡ ✰ ♦ ✲ ✺ ✫ ✭ ✺ ✭ ✰ ✫ ✲ ✭ ✯ ✬ ♦
❊
✰
✯ ✱ ♦ ✲ ✫ ✴ ♦ ✯
✧
✭ ✲ ♦ ✴ ✵ ✭ ✯
✧
✭ ✲
✩
❂
⑧
✰ ♣ ✲ ✭ ✮ ✷ ✱ ✭ ✵ ✰
✿
❆ ✰ ✱
✧
✰ ✲ ❡ ✰
✯ ✬ ♦ ✯ ✯ ✬ ✰ ♦
✿ ✧
✫ ✭ ✷ ✫
✾
❡ ✬ ♦ ✫ ❆
✧
✲ ✲
✧
✲
★
✯ ✭ ❆ ✵ ✭
❊
✰ ✫
♦ ✱ ✭
✾
✲ ✺ ✯ ✬ ✰
❊
✰ ✱ ✯
✧
❡ ♦ ✴ ✯ ✬ ✱ ✭
✾ ★
✬
✧
✯ ✫ ❆ ✭
✧
✲ ✯ ✭ ✷ ❡ ✭ ✲ ✯ ♦ ❡ ✯
✮
✧
✯ ✬ ✯ ✬ ✰
★
✱ ✭
✾
✲ ✺ ❇ ✫ ✮ ✰ ✰ ❆
✧
✲
★
✭
✾
✯ ♦ ❡ ✭ ✲ ✰ ♦ ✫ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✲
✧
✲
✦ ✧ ★ ✩
✼
✩ ⑥ ❀
♦ ❂
✩ ❀ ❈
✬
✧
✫ ✵ ✭
❊
✰ ✵ ✰ ✲ ✯ ✭ ✷ ✯ ✬ ✰ ♦
✿ ✧
✫ ✭ ✷ ✯ ✬ ✰
✯ ✭ ❆ ♦ ✱ ✭
✾
✲ ✺ ✯ ✬ ✰
❊
✰ ✱ ✯
✧
❡ ♦ ✴
✧
✫ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✵ ✰ ✺
✕ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✍ ✙ ✤ ✳
❂
✐
✭ ✯ ✰ ❇ ✯ ✬ ✰
✕ ✙ ✍ ✤ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✙ ✤ ✖ ❛ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✖✛ ✑ ✖ ✙ ✕
❝
✍ ✖✛
⑨ ✓ ✙
✥
✤ ✢ ✍ ✎ ✚ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✢ ✩ ❈
✬ ✰ ♦
✿ ✧
✫ ✭ ✷ ✱ ✭ ✯ ♦ ✯
✧
✭ ✲ ✭ ✷ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✯ ✭ ❆
♦ ✯ ♦ ✲ ✽
✧
✲ ✫ ✯ ♦ ✲ ✯ ❆ ♦ ✫ ✫ ✰ ✫ ✯ ✬ ✱ ✭
✾ ★
✬ ✯ ✬ ✰ ❆ ✭
✧
✲ ✯ ✭ ✷
❡ ✭ ✲ ✯ ♦ ❡ ✯
✩
❏ ✲ ✭ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✱ ✫
✧
✵ ❆ ✴ ✰ ✰
✿
♦ ✵ ❆ ✴ ✰ ✭ ✷ ✯ ✬
✧
✫ ♣
✧
✲ ✺ ✭ ✷
✱ ✭ ✯ ♦ ✯
✧
✭ ✲
✧
✫ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✭ ✫ ❡
✧
✴ ✴ ♦ ✯
✧
✲
★
✯ ♦ ✻ ✴ ✰ ✷ ♦ ✲ ✭ ✱ ♦ ❆ ✰ ✺ ✰ ✫ ✯ ♦ ✴
✷ ♦ ✲
✩
⑩ ✭
✾
✵ ♦ ✽ ✬ ♦
❊
✰ ✭ ✻ ✫ ✰ ✱
❊
✰ ✺ ✯ ✬ ♦ ✯ ✯ ✬ ✰ ♦
✿ ✧
✫ ✭ ✷
❑ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖ ◆
❶
❱ ❥ ❨ ❬ ❨ ❧ ① ❪❧
❷
❥ ❪ ❭❣ ❭ ❨ ❪❩ ❣ ① ❪❦ ❭ ❭❵ ❜
❸ ❹
❣ q ❨ ❲
❺ ❻❣ ❢ ❵ ❳ ❪ ❨ ❩ ❭ ❪ ❞ ❭❵ ❜ ① ❪❧
❷
❲ ❦ ❢ ❵ ❣ ❲ ❼
❽
❪ ❥
❼
❾
❧ ❜ ❲❢ ❥ ❨ ① ❜ ❲ ❣ ❢ ❨ ❥ ❢ ✈ ❜ ❤❨ ❭❵ ❨ ❭❲ ❢ ❜❩ ❭❥ ❜ ❫
❿
❽
❪ ❥
❿
❾
➀
❪ ❩ ❭❵ ❜ ❣ q❨ ❲ s ❴ ❵ ❜ ❥ ❣ ❧ ❨ ❦ ❲ ❪ ❞ ❭ ❵ ❜
❢ ❨ ❥ ❢ ✈ ❜ ❺ ❥
❽
❪ ❥ ❥
❾
➀
❨ ❲ ❭ ❵ ❜ ❳ ❜ ❥ ❳ ❜ ❩ ❧ ❨ ❢ ❦ ✈ ❣ ❥
❧ ❨ ❲ ❭❣ ❩ ❢ ❜ ❪ ❞ ❭❵ ❜ ❳ ❪ ❨ ❩ ❭ ❺ ❼
❽
❪ ❥ ❼
❾
➀
❞❥ ❪
➁
❭ ❵ ❜
❣ q ❨ ❲s ❱ ❳ ❪ ❨ ❩ ❭ ❪ ❩ ❭❵ ❜ ❣ q❨ ❲ ✈ ❨
➂
❜ ❼
➃
❥ ❜
➁
❣ ❨ ❩ ❲
❲ ❭ ❣ ❭ ❨ ❪❩ ❣ ❥
❷
t s
✶     P ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄
r ♦ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ♦ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✞ ✠ ♦ ☛ ✌ ✟ ✎ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✟ ✠ ✏
✭ ☛ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✒ ✔ ✕ ♦ ✖ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✠ ✝ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✍ ♦ r ✟ ✗ ♦ ✠ ✝ ✞ ✎ ✘ ✎ ✞ ✠ ✒ ✞ ✙ ♦ ☞ ✝
✝ ✍ ✒ ✖ ✒ r ✝ ✟ ✌ ✞ ✎ ✝ ✍ r ♦ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✘ ♦ ✟ ✠ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✓ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✞ ✚ ✟ ☛
✟ ☛ ✘ ✟ ✖ ♦ ✝ ✒ ✑ ✭ ✘ ♦ ✟ ✠ ✝ ✐ ✟ ✠ ✛ ✟ ✏ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✭ ✙ ✔ ✔ ✜
❲ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✒ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✡ ✞ ✠ r ♦ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✒ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✟ ✝ ☛ ✞ ✚ ✟ ☛ ✕ ♦ ✖ ✒ ☛
☛ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✟ ☛ ✒ s ✝ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✘ ♦ ✟ ✠ ✝ ✟ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✜ ✤ ✍ ☞ ☛ s ✟ ✠ ✕ ♦ r ✒
✏ ✒ ✠ ✒ r ✞ ✎ ✌ ✞ ☛ ✒ ☛ ♦ ✡ r ♦ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ s ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✝ ✍ ✒ r ♦ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠
♦ ✡ ✞ ✝ ♦ ✘ ♦ r ✞ ✘ ✒ ✑ ✒ ☛ ✝ ✞ ✎ ✡ ✞ ✠ s ✥ ✦ ✧ ★ ✥ ✩ ✦ ✪ ✫ ✦ ✬ ✦ ✥ ✪
✥ ✦ ✧ ✮ ✩ ✦ ✧ ✯ ♦ ✡ ✝ ✍ ✒ r ✟ ✏ ✟ ✑ ✙ ♦ ✑ ✰ ✟ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✜ ✱ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✞ ☛ ✒
✝ ✍ ✒ ✞ ✚ ✟ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✠ ♦ ✝ ✡ ✟ ✚ ✒ ✑ s ✝ ✍ ♦ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✝ ✞ ✎ ✓ ✞ ✰ ☛ ✘ ✞ ☛ ☛ ✒ ☛
✝ ✍ r ♦ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✡ ✟ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✘ ♦ ✟ ✠ ✝ ✜ ✱ ✠ ♦ ☞ r ☛ ✝ ☞ ✑ ✰ s ✍ ♦ ✓ ✒ ✖ ✒ r s
✓ ✒ ✕ ♦ ☛ ✝ ✎ ✰ ✑ ✒ ✞ ✎ ✓ ✟ ✝ ✍ ✝ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✟ ✕ ✘ ✎ ✒ r ✞ ✠ ✑ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✞ ✎ ✌ ✞ ☛ ✒
♦ ✡ r ♦ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✍ ♦ ✠ ✒ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✭ ✟ ✜ ✒ ✜ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✞ ✚ ✟ ☛ ✔ ✟ ☛
✡ ✟ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✜ ✤ ✍ ☞ ☛ s ✡ ♦ r ☞ ☛ r ♦ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✓ ✟ ✎ ✎ ✙ ✒ ✞ ✙ ♦ ☞ ✝ ✞ ✡ ✟ ✚ ✒ ✑
✞ ✚ ✟ ☛ ♦ ✠ ✎ ✰ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✒ ☛ ☛ ☛ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✒ ✑ ♦ ✝ ✍ ✒ r ✓ ✟ ☛ ✒ ✜
✤ ✍ ✒ r ♦ ✎ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✕ ♦ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ♦ ✡ ✞ ✌ ✰ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✒ r ✑ ♦ ✓ ✠ ✞ ✠
✟ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✞ ✠ ✒ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✌ ♦ ✕ ✙ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ♦ ✡ r ♦ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✙ ♦ ☞ ✝
✞ ✡ ✟ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✞ ✚ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✝ r ✞ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✜ ✤ ✍ ☞ ☛ s ✝ ✍ ✒
➅ ☛ ♦ ✕ ✒ ✝ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✒ ✎ ☛ ✒ ✲ ✟ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✞ ☛ ✒ ♦ ✡ r ♦ ✎ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✕ ♦ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠
✓ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✒ r ✒ ✡ ✒ r r ✒ ✑ ✝ ♦ ✒ ✞ r ✎ ✟ ✒ r ✟ ☛ r ♦ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✎ ✕ ♦ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✜
❨ ♦ ☞ ✓ ✟ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✛ ✟ ✏ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✳ ✭ ✞ ✔ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✭ ✙ ✔ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✝ r ☞ ✌ ✝ ✟ ✖ ✒ ✡ r ♦ ✕
✝ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✘ ♦ ✟ ✠ ✝ ♦ ✡ ✖ ✟ ✒ ✓ ✜ t ♦ ✝ ✍ ✝ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✟ ✏ ☞ r ✒ ☛ ☛ ✍ ♦ ✓
✕ ♦ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ♦ ✡ ✝ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✞ ✕ ✒ ✙ ♦ ✑ ✰ ✞ ✎ ♦ ✠ ✏ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✠ ✝ ✟ ✌ ✞ ✎
✝ r ✞ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✎ ✝ r ✞ ✴ ✒ ✌ ✝ ♦ r ✰ ✜ ✱ ✠ ♦ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✞ ☛ ✒ s ✛ ✟ ✏ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✳ ✭ ✞ ✔ s
✝ ✍ ✒ ✕ ♦ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✘ ☞ r ✒ ✝ r ✞ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ❡ ✟ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✒ ♦ ✝ ✍ ✒ r
✌ ✞ ☛ ✒ ❝ ✛ ✟ ✏ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✳ ✭ ✙ ✔ ✵ ✟ ✝ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✌ ♦ ✕ ✙ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ♦ ✡
✝ r ✞ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✠ ✑ r ♦ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✜ ✭ ❨ ♦ ☞ ✕ ✞ ✰ ✝ r ✰ ✝ ♦
r ✒ ✘ r ♦ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✝ ✓ ♦ ✝ ✰ ✘ ✒ ☛ ♦ ✡ ✕ ♦ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ☛ ✍ ♦ ✓ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✏
✞ r ✟ ✏ ✟ ✑ ♦ ✙ ✴ ✒ ✌ ✝ ✎ ✟
❛
✒ ✞ ✍ ✒ ✞ ✖ ✰ ✙ ♦ ♦
❛
✜ ✔
❲ ✒ ✠ ♦ ✓ r ✒ ✌ ✞ ✘ ✟ ✝ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✒ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✕ ♦ ☛ ✝ ✟ ✕ ✘ ♦ r ✝ ✞ ✠ ✝
♦ ✙ ☛ ✒ r ✖ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ☛ ♦ ✡ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✘ r ✒ ☛ ✒ ✠ ✝ ☛ ✒ ✌ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠
✷ ❚ ✸
✧
✹
✥ ✪✩ ✥ ✦
✥
✺
✫
✻
✩
✼
✩ ✬
✽
✥ ✬
✾ ✿ ✸
✩
❀ ✸
✩
❁
✦ ✥ ✪ ★ ✩
❂
✥ ✪ ✧ ✬ ✥
✻ ✺
✩
❃
✧ ✬
✩ ✦
❁
✥
✹
✧
✿
✫
✾
✩
❁
✧ ✩ ✪
✸
✧
✻
✫ ★
❄ ✻
✧ ✪
✻
✫ ✦
❁
✮ ✫ ✪ ✩ ✥ ✦ ✥
✻
✫
❀
✥
✹ ✽
✩ ✦ ✫ ✪ ✩ ✥ ✦ ✥
✺
✪
✻
✫ ✦
❁
✮ ✫ ✪✩ ✥ ✦ ✫ ✦ ✬
✻
✥ ✪ ✫ ✪ ✩ ✥ ✦
❅ ❚ ✸
✧
✹
✥ ✪ ✩ ✥ ✦ ✥
✺
✫
✻
✩
✼
✩ ✬
✽
✥ ✬
✾ ✿ ✸
✩
❀ ✸
✩
❁
★ ✩
❂
✥ ✪ ✧ ✬ ✥
✻
✺
✩
❃
✧ ✬ ✩ ✦
❁
✥
✹
✧
✿
✫
✾
✩
❁ ✻
✥ ✪ ✫ ✪ ✩ ✥ ✦
❅
✤ ✍ ✒ r ♦ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠
✕ ✞ ✰ ✙ ✒ ✞ ✙ ♦ ☞ ✝ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✚ ✟ ☛ ✝ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✟ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✭ ✒ ✜ ✏ ✜ ✞ ✌ ✒ ✟ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✏
✡ ✞ ✠ ✔ ♦ r ✕ ♦ ✖ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✭ ✒ ✜ ✏ ✜ ✞ ✠ ♦ ☛ ✌ ✟ ✎ ✎ ✞ ✝ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✝ ✞ ✙ ✎ ✒ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✔ ✜ ❲ ✒
☛ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✎ s ✟ ✠ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✘ r ✒ ☛ ✒ ✠ ✝ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✘ ✝ ✒ r s ✌ ♦ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✑ ✒ r r ♦ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✎
✕ ♦ ✝ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✙ ♦ ☞ ✝ ✞ ✡ ✟ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✞ ✚ ✟ ☛ ♦ ✠ ✎ ✰ ✜
❆ ❅ ❇ ❈❉ ❊❚ ❋ ❉ ● ❍ ■ ❏ ❑ ❑
❲ ✒ ☛ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✟ r ☛ ✝ ☛ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✞ ✝ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✠ ✝ r ✒ ♦ ✡ ✕ ✞ ☛ ☛ ♦ ✡ ✞
☛ ✰ ☛ ✝ ✒ ✕ ♦ ✡ ✘ ✞ r ✝ ✟ ✌ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✠ ✑ ✟ ☛ ✌ ☞ ☛ ☛ ✟ ✝ ☛
☛ ✟ ✏ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✟ ✌ ✞ ✠ ✌ ✒ ✜ ✛ ♦ r ☛ ✟ ✕ ✘ ✎ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✝ ✰ ✓ ✒ ☛ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✎ ☛ ✝ ✞ r ✝ ✓ ✟ ✝ ✍
✞ ✝ ✓ ♦ ✘ ✞ r ✝ ✟ ✌ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✰ ☛ ✝ ✒ ✕ ✜ ❲ ✒ ☛ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✎ ✝ ✞
❛
✒ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✒
✴ ♦ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✝ ✓ ♦ ✘ ✞ r ✝ ✟ ✌ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✝ ♦ ✙ ✒ ✝ ✍ ✒ ① ▲ ✞ ✚ ✟ ☛ ✜
▼ ◆ ❖ ◗ ❘◗❘
❙ ✒ ✝ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✟ ☛ ✝ ✞ ✠ ✌ ✒ ☛ ♦ ✡ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✝ ✓ ♦ ✘ ✞ r ✝ ✟ ✌ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✙ ✒ ①
❯
✞ ✠ ✑ ①
❱
r ✒ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✝ ✟ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✰ ✡ r ♦ ✕ ☛ ♦ ✕ ✒ ♦ r ✟ ✏ ✟ ✠ ✐ ✜ ❙ ✒ ✝ ♠
❯
✞ ✠ ✑ ♠
❱
✙ ✒ r ✒ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✝ ✟ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✰ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✕ ✞ ☛ ☛ ✒ ☛ ♦ ✡ ✝ ✍ ✒ ✝ ✓ ♦
▼ ◆ ❖ ◗ ❘◗❳❩ ❬❭ ❪ ❫ ❴❵ ❫❜ ❫ ❞ ❢ ❣ ❵ ❤ ❵ ❥ ❦ ❫ ❥ ❧ ♥♣ ❵ q ♣ ❵ ✉ ✈ ✇ ❣ ②
❴ ❣ ❢ ❜ ✉③ ❢ ❴❵ ❫❜ ④
▼ ◆ ❖ ◗ ❘ ◗ ❳ ❩
⑤
❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❫ ❜ ❫ ❞ ❢ ❣ ❵ ❤ ❵ ❥ ❦ ❫ ❥ ❧ ♥ ♣ ❵ q ♣ ❵ ✉ ❢
q ❫ ⑥ ❦ ❵ ❜ ❢ ❴ ❵ ❫ ❜ ❫ ❞ ❴ ❣ ❢ ❜ ✉ ③ ❢ ❴ ❵ ❫ ❜ ❢ ❜ ❥
❣ ❫ ❴ ❢ ❴❵ ❫ ❜ ④
⑦
❵ ❤
⑧
④
⑨ ⑩
❢
❶
❢ ❜ ❥
⑧
④
⑨ ⑩
❦
❶
❵ ③ ③ ✇ ✉❴ ❣ ❢ ❴ ② ❥ ❵ ❞❞② ❣ ②❜ ❴ ⑥ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❫❜ ✉ ❫ ❞
❴♣ ② ✉ ❢ ⑥ ② ❦ ❫ ❥ ❧ ④ ❷ ❫ ❴② ❸ ❵ ✉ ❢ ❜ ❢ ❣ ❦ ❵ ❴❣ ❢ ❣ ❧ ✈ ❫ ❵ ❜ ❴ ❫ ❞ ❴ ♣ ②
❦ ❫ ❥ ❧
❹ ❺
❵ ✉ ❴♣ ② q ②❜ ❴❣ ② ❫ ❞ ⑥ ❢ ✉✉ ❫ ❞ ❴♣ ② ❦ ❫❥ ❧
❻
♥ ♣ ❵ q ♣ ❵ ✉
❥ ②❞❵ ❜ ② ❥ ❵ ❜ ❴♣ ② ❜ ②
❼
❴ ✉②q ❴❵ ❫ ❜ ④
❽
✇ ❞❞❵ q ② ❴ ❫ ✉ ❢ ❧ ♣ ②❣ ② ❴ ♣ ❢ ❴
❴♣ ② ❴ ❣ ❢ ❾ ②q ❴ ❫ ❣ ❵ ②✉ ❫ ❞
❺
❢ ❣ ② ❴♣ ② ❴❣ ❢ ❜ ✉③ ❢ ❴ ❵ ❫❜ ❢ ③ ❴❣ ❢ ❾ ② q ❴ ❫ ❣ ❵ ②✉
❿
❣
➀
❢ ❜ ❥
❿
❣
➁
❫ ❞ ❴ ♣ ② ❦ ❫❥ ❧ ④
❿
♣ ② ✈ ❫ ✉❵ ❴❵ ❫❜ ✉
❺
❢ ❜ ❥ ❸ ❢ ❴
❴♣ ❣ ②② ❥ ❵ ❞ ❞ ②❣ ② ❜ ❴ ❵ ❜ ✉❴ ❢ ❜ ❴✉ ❫ ❞ ❴❵ ⑥② ❢ ❣ ② ✉♣ ❫ ♥ ❜ ❦ ❧
❺
➀
❻ ❺
➁
❻
❢ ❜ ❥
❺
➂
❻
❢ ❜ ❥ ❸
➀
❻
❸
➁
❢ ❜ ❥ ❸
➂
❣ ②✉ ✈ ② q ❴ ❵ ➃ ②③ ❧ ❵ ❜
⑦
❵ ❤ ④
⑧
④
⑨ ⑩
❢
❶
❢ ❜ ❥
⑩
❦
❶
❦ ❫ ❴ ♣ ④
➄
✉ ✉② ② ❜ ❞❣ ❫ ⑥
⑦
❵ ❤ ④
⑧
④
⑨ ⑩
❢
❶ ❻
❢ ❴ ❢ ❜ ❧ ❵ ❜ ✉ ❴ ❢ ❜ ❴
❴♣ ② ➃ ②③ ❫ q ❵ ❴❵ ②✉ ❫ ❞ ❢ ❜ ❧ ✈ ❢ ❣ ❴❵ q ③ ②✉ ③ ❵
➆
②
❺
❢ ❜ ❥ ❸ ❫ ❞ ❴♣ ② ❦ ❫❥ ❧
❢ ❣ ② ❴♣ ② ✉❢ ⑥② ❵ ❜ ✈ ✇ ❣ ② ❴❣ ❢ ❜ ✉③ ❢ ❴ ❵ ❫❜ ④ ❷ ❫ ❴❵ q ②
❻
❵ ❜ ❴ ♣ ❵ ✉ q ❢ ✉②
❴♣ ② ❫ ❣ ❵ ② ❜ ❴ ❢ ❴❵ ❫ ❜ ❫ ❞
❺
❸
❻
❵ ④ ② ④ ❴♣ ② ❢ ❜ ❤ ③ ②
❺
❸ ⑥ ❢
➆
②✉ ♥❵ ❴ ♣ ❢
❞❵
❼
②❥ ❥ ❵ ❣ ② q ❴ ❵ ❫❜
❻
✉ ❢ ❧ ❴ ♣ ② ♣ ❫ ❣ ❵
➇
❫❜ ❴❢ ③
❻
❣ ② ⑥ ❢ ❵ ❜ ✉ ❴ ♣ ② ✉ ❢ ⑥②
❻
❵ ④ ②④ ➈
➀
➉ ➈
➁
➉ ➈
➂
④
⑦
❵ ❤ ④
⑧
④
⑨ ⑩
❦
❶
❵ ③ ③ ✇ ✉ ❴ ❣ ❢ ❴ ② ✉ ❢ q ❢ ✉ ② ❫ ❞
q ❫ ⑥ ❦ ❵ ❜ ❢ ❴❵ ❫❜ ❫ ❞ ❴❣ ❢ ❜ ✉③ ❢ ❴ ❵ ❫❜ ❢ ❜ ❥ ❣ ❫ ❴ ❢ ❴❵ ❫ ❜ ④
➊
❜ ❴♣ ❵ ✉ q ❢ ✉②
❻
❢ ❴ ❢ ❜ ❧ ❵ ❜ ✉❴❢ ❜ ❴✉ ❴ ♣ ② ➃ ② ③ ❫q ❵ ❴❵ ②✉ ❫ ❞
❺
❢ ❜ ❥ ❸ ❥ ❵ ❞❞②❣ ④
➄
③ ✉ ❫
❻
➈
➀
❻
➈
➁
❢ ❜ ❥ ➈
➂
⑥ ❢ ❧ ❢ ③ ③ ❦ ② ❥ ❵ ❞ ❞② ❣ ② ❜ ❴ ④
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✹ ✺
♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✓ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✚ ✏ ✔
✎ ✗ ✌ ✎ ♣ ❡ ✏ ✘ ✎ t ✜ ✗ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✢ ✏ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✘ ✑ ✓ ❳ ✙ ✍ ❡ ✚ ♦ ✣
✜ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✓ ❳ ✏ ✔ ✥ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✦ ✛
✧ ✧ ✷ ✷
✧ ✷
♠ ★ ♠ ★
✩
♠ ♠
✰
❂
✰
✭ ✪
✕
✫ ✬
■
✘
✮ ✯
✕
✭ ✪
✕
✫ ✬
✣ ❳ ✑ ✌ ✘ ✦ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✥ ✌ ✍ ✢ ✓ ✢ ✌ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔
❞
✜ ✓ ✏ ✥ ✗ ✎ ✓ ✢ ✚ ✓ ✌ ✘ ❡ ✙
①
✱
✌ ✘ ✢
①
✲
✕
■
✙ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✎ ✜ ❡ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔
✗ ✌ ✤ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✌ ✚ ✓ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✳
✱
✴ ✳
✲
✴ ✳
✵
✎ ✗ ✓ ✘
✸ ✻ ✸ ✻
✼ ✼
✽ ✾ ✽ ✾ ✾ ✾
✿
✽
❀ ❀
❁ ❁
✖ ✗ ❃ ✔ ✣ ✙ ❡ ✍ ✎ ✜ ❡ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✓
✯
❃ ✌ ✒ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✓
✑ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✓ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✓ ❄ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✛ ✚ ✏ ✢ ✜ ✌ ✛ ✦ ✓ ✎ ✜ ✓ ✓ ✘
✎ ✗ ✓ ✚ ✕
■
✙ ✜ ✓ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✓ ♥ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✳
✱
✣ ✳
✲
✣
✕ ✕ ✕ ✳
❅
✍ ✓ ✔ ♣ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✒ ✛ ✣ ✌ ✒ ❡ ✘ ✥ ✌ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✥ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✌ ❆ ✓ ✘ ✌ ✔
✎ ✗ ✓
① ❞
✌ ❄ ✏ ✔ ✣ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✦ ✛ ✢ ✓ ✙ ✏ ✘ ✏ ✎ ✏ ❡ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✓ ♣ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✏ ❡ ✘ ❡ ✙
✎ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✓ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✚ ❡ ✙ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔
✏ ✔ ✥ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✦ ✛
✸ ✸ ✻ ✻
✸ ✻
❇ ❇ ❇ ❇
❇ ❇ ❇ ❇
✐ ✐
❈ ❈
❈ ✐
✽ ✾
✽ ✾ ✽ ✾ ✽ ✾
✿
✽ ✽ ✽ ✽
❀ ❀ ❀
❁ ❁
❀ ❀ ❀
❉
❉
✭ ✪
✕ ❊
✬
✜ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✓
①
✱
✣
①
✲
✣ ✕ ✕ ✕
①
❋
✌ ✍ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✢ ✏ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓
♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✍ ❡ ✚ ✎ ✗ ✓ ❡ ✍ ✏ ✥ ✏ ✘
●
❳ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✒ ✔ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✌ ✔ ❃ ✍ ✓ ✢
✙ ✍ ❡ ✚ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✌ ✚ ✓ ❡ ✍ ✏ ✥ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✚ ✦ ❡ ✒
❍
✭
✎ ✗ ✓ ❏ ✍ ✓ ✓ ❆
✒ ✓ ✎ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✔ ✏ ✥ ✚ ✌
✬
✢ ✓ ✘ ❡ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✔ ❃ ✚ ✚ ✌ ✎ ✏ ❡ ✘ ✣ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✓
❡ ✤ ✓ ✍ ♥ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✔ ❃ ✚
❑
▲ ▼ ◆
❖
✏ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✎ ❡ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✚ ✕
P ❃ ♣ ♣ ❡ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✜ ✓ ✗ ✌ ✤ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✓ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✘ ❡ ✎
✒ ✛ ✏ ✘ ✥ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✥ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✕
❧
✓ ✚ ✌ ✛ ✢ ✓ ✙ ✏ ✘ ✓
①
✌ ✘ ✢
② ❞
✌ ❄ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✓ ♣ ✒ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✜ ✗ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✓ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✘ ✢
✍ ✓ ♣ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✎ ✗ ✓ ♣ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✏ ❡ ✘ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✓ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✛
✑ ❡ ❡ ✍ ✢ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✔
✭ ①
✱
✣
②
✱
✬
✣
✭ ①
✲
✣
②
✲
✬
✌ ✘ ✢
✭ ①
◗
✣
②
◗
✬
✍ ✓ ✔ ♣ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✒ ✛ ✕
❘
✓ ✎ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✓ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✦ ✓ ✳
✱
✣ ✳
✲
✌ ✘ ✢ ✳
◗
✍ ✓ ✔ ♣ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✒ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✓ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ t ❡ ✙
✎ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✚ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✓ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✢ ✓ ✙ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✢ ✌ ✘ ✢
✒ ❡ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✑ ❡ ❡ ✍ ✢ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✔
✭
❳ ❯ ❱ ❲ ✥ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✦ ✛
✸ ✸ ✻ ✻
❨ ❨
✸ ✻
❨
✽ ✾ ✽ ✾ ✽ ✾
✿
✽ ✽ ✽
❀ ❀
❁
❀ ❀
✭ ✪
✕ ❩ ✌
✬
✸ ✸ ✻ ✻
❨ ❨
✸ ✻
❨
✽ ❬ ✽ ❬ ✽ ❬
❭
✽ ✽ ✽
❀ ❀
❁
❀ ❀
✭ ✪
✕ ❩ ✦
✬
❪
❡ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✓ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✓
✯
❃ ✌ ✒ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✳ ✴ ✳
✱
✴ ✳
✲
✴ ✳
◗
✣
❫ ❴ ❵ ❫ ❴ ❵
❛ ❜
❝ ❝
❢ ❣ ❣ ❣ ❣ ❣ ❣
❤
❢
❥ ❥ ❥ ❥
❦ ❦
❫ ❴ ❵ ❫ ❴ ❵
❛ ❜
❝ ❝
❢ q q q q q q
r
❢
❥ ❥ ❥ ❥
❦ ❦
✖ ✗ ❃ ✔ ✣ ✙ ❡ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✓ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✓
✯
❃ ✌ ✒ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✣ ✎ ✗ ✓
✑ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✓ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✑ ❡ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✏ ✢ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✏ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✍ ❡ ✏ ✢ ❡ ✙
✎ ✗ ✓ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✘ ✥ ✒ ✓ ✙ ❡ ✍ ✚ ✓ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✎ ✗ ✓ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕
s
✓ ✔ ❃ ✒ ✎ ✔ ❡ ✙
✮ ✯
✔ ✕
✭ ✪
✕ ❩ ✌
✬
✌ ✘ ✢
✭ ✪
✕ ❩ ✦
✬
✌ ✍ ✓
✥ ✓ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✢ ✓ ✌ ✔ ✏ ✒ ✛ ✎ ❡ ✌ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✚ ❡ ✙ ♥ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✘ ❡ ✎
✘ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✒ ✛ ✒ ✛ ✏ ✘ ✥ ✏ ✘ ✌ ♣ ✒ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✣ ✦ ❃ ✎ ✢ ✏ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✦ ❃ ✎ ✓ ✢ ✏ ✘
✔ ♣ ✌ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✓ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✔ ❃ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✚ ✏ ✔
✌ ✎
✭
❳ ❯ ❱ ❯ ✉
✬
✣ ✜ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✓
✈ ✈
✇ ③
④
⑤
⑥
⑦
✭ ✪
✕
⑧
✌
✬
✈ ✈
✇ ⑨
⑩
⑤
⑥
⑦
✭ ✪
✕
⑧
✦
✬
✌ ✘ ✢
❶ ❶
♠ ❷
❸
❹
❂
❺
✭ ✪
✕
⑧
✑
✬
❻
✓ ✍ ✓
❼
✴
❽
❾
❍
✏ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✎ ❡ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓
✔ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✚ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✢ ✓ ❄
❿
✍ ❃ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✍ ❡ ✚
✫
✎ ❡ ♥
➀
✳
➁
✏ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✓
✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓
❿
➂ ➃
♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✘ ✢ ✎ ✗ ✓ ♣ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✏ ❡ ✘ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓
❿
➂ ➃
♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✥ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✦ ✛
✭ ①
➄
✣
②
➄
✣
➅
➄
✬
✕
✮ ✯
✔ ✕
✭ ✪
✕
⑧
✌
✬
✣
✭ ✪
✕
⑧
✦
✬
✌ ✘ ✢
✭ ✪
✕
⑧
✑
✬
✑ ✌ ✘ ✦ ✓
✑ ❡ ✚ ✦ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✢ ✏ ✘ ✎ ❡ ❡ ✘ ✓ ✓
✯
❃ ✌ ✎ ✏ ❡ ✘ ❃ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✥ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✘ ❡ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✏ ❡ ✘
❡ ✙ ♣ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✏ ❡ ✘ ✤ ✓ ✑ ✎ ❡ ✍ ✔ ✕
❘
✓ ✎
✐
➆ ✦ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✓ ♣ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✏ ❡ ✘ ✤ ✓ ✑ ✎ ❡ ✍
❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓
❿
➂ ➃
♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✘ ✢
➇
✦ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✓ ♣ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✏ ❡ ✘ ✤ ✓ ✑ ✎ ❡ ✍ ❡ ✙
✎ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✓ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ➈
µ
❽ ❽ ❽ ❽
➉ ➊ ➋➌ ➍ ➍➎ ➏ ➐ ➑
$$
✌ ✘ ✢
µ
➒ ➓ ➔◆ → →➣ ↔ ↕ ➙
$$
✖ ✗ ✓ ✘
❶ ❶
♠
❹
❂
❺
➛
➜
✭ ✪
✕
⑧
✢
✬
✖ ✗ ✓ ✔ ❃ ✚ ❡ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✥ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✌ ✘ ✢ ✔ ✏ ✢ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✤ ✓ ✑ ✎ ❡ ✍
✔ ❃ ✚ ✕
➝ ❡ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✓ ✑ ❡ ✘ ❡ ✚ ✛ ❡ ✙ ✓ ❄ ♣ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✏ ❡ ✘ ✔ ✜ ✓ ✌ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✓ ✤ ✓
✦ ✛ ❃ ✔ ✓ ❡ ✙ ✤ ✓ ✑ ✎ ❡ ✍ ✔ ✕
■
✙ ✎ ✗ ✓ ❡ ✍ ✏ ✥ ✏ ✘ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✍ ✌ ✚ ✓ ❡ ✙
✍ ✓ ✙ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✓
✭
✎ ✗ ✓ ✑ ❡ ❡ ✍ ✢ ✏ ✘ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✚
✬
✏ ✔ ✑ ✗ ❡ ✔ ✓ ✘ ✎ ❡
✦ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✓ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✘
➞
❽ ❽
❾
➌
❍
➎
✙ ❡ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✓
✥ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✚ ❡ ✙ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕
➟
✍ ✏ ✥ ✏ ✢ ✦ ❡ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✔ ❃ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✔ ✌ ✚ ✓ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✑ ❆ ❡ ✍ ✌
✙ ✒ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✓ ✓ ✒ ✣ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✓ ✚ ❡ ✙ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✔ ✓ ✒ ✛ ♣ ✌ ✑ ❆ ✓ ✢ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔
●
✮ ✯
✔ ✕
✭ ✪
✕
⑧
✌
✬
✣
✭ ✪
✕
⑧
✦
✬
✣
✭ ✪
✕
⑧
✑
✬
✌ ✘ ✢
✭ ✪
✕
⑧
✢
✬
✌ ✍ ✓
✎ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✙ ❡ ✍ ✓ ✣ ✌ ♣ ♣ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✦ ✒ ✓ ✎ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✥ ✏ ✢ ✦ ❡ ✢ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✘ ❃ ✚ ✦ ✓ ✍
❡ ✙ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔
✭
✌ ✎ ❡ ✚ ✔ ❡ ✍ ✚ ❡ ✒ ✓ ✑ ❃ ✒ ✓ ✔
✬
✏ ✘ ✔ ❃ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✦ ❡ ✢ ✛
✏ ✔ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✥ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✚ ♣ ❡ ✔ ✔ ✏ ✦ ✒ ✓ ✎ ❡ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✛ ❡ ❃ ✎ ✎ ✗ ✓
✔ ❃ ✚ ✚ ✌ ✎ ✏ ❡ ✘ ✔ ❡ ✤ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✘ ✢ ✏ ✤ ✏ ✢ ❃ ✌ ✒ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✓
✓
✯
❃ ✌ ✎ ✏ ❡ ✘ ✔ ✕ P ✏ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✔ ♣ ✌ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✥ ❡ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✓ ♣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✔
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
s ✞ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✟ ✎ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✟ s ✟ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✒ ✖ s
✓ ✕ s ✎ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✒ ❞ ✞ ✟ s s ✗ ✘ ☞ s ✖ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ☞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✒
♥ s ✞ ✟ ✠ ✠ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✎ s ✒ ❞ ✞ ✟ s s ✚ ✛♠
✜
✡ ✛♠
✷
✗ ✗ ✗ ✛♠
✢
✚ ✎ ❡ ☞
✐
t ✣
☞ ✠ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✛♠
✤
✕ s ✎ ✟ ✥ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✎ ✎ ❡ ☞
♣ ✒ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✦ ①
✧
✡ ②
✧
✡ ③
✧
✮ ✗ ★ ❡ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✟ ✎ ☞ s ✒ ❞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✒ ❞
✞ ✟ s s ✟ ✏ ☞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✍ ✟ ♣ ♣ ✏ ✒ ♦ ✕ ✞ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✔ ✩ ✕ ✙ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✔
✭ ✪ ✭ ✪ ✭ ✪
✱ ✱
✫ ✫ ✫ ✫ ✫ ✫
✫ ✫ ✫
✬ ✯ ✬ ✰ ✬ ✲
❳ ✳ ❩
✬ ✬ ✬
✴ ✴ ✴
❂ ❂ ❂
✴ ✴ ✴
✵ ✵ ✵
✵ ✵ ✵
❆ s ☛ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✥ ☞ ♥ ✑ ✕ ✩ ✩ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✩ ✩ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✟ ✌ ❡
✛ ♠
✤
s ✞ ✟ ✠ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✍ ✓ s ✞ ✟ ✠ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✡ ✎ ❡ ☞ s ☞ ☞ ♦ ♣ ✏ ☞ s s ✕ ✒ ✍ s
✑ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✞ ☞ ☞ ♦ ✟ ✌ ✎ ✗
❜
✍ ✎ ❡ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✟ s ☞ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✎ ❡ ☞ s ✖ ✞ s
✒ ✙ ☞ ✏ ✐ ✑ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✩ ✏ ✟ ✠ s ✗ ★ ❡ ✖ s ✡
✸ ✹
✺
✻ ✻ ▼✼ ✽ ✾
✿
❀
❁ ❃ ❄ ❅
❇ ❇
❈ ❉ ❉ ❈❊ ❋
●
❍
❁ ❃ ❄ ❅
❇ ❇
❈
■ ■
❈❊ ❋
●
❍
✟ ✍ ✓
( ❏
✸
✺ ✺
✻
❑ ❑
✻✼ ✽
✿
❀
▲
☞ ✏ ☞
◆
✕ s ✎ ❡ ☞ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✟ s s ✒ ❞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✗ ★ ❡ ☞
✌ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✟ ✎ ☞ s ✒ ❞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✒ ❞ ✞ ✟ s s ✍ ✒ ☛ ✟ ✏ ☞
and
❖ ❖ ❖
◗ ❘ ◗ ◗❙ ❚ ❯ ❨ ❱ ❯ ❲ ❬ ❯
❭ ❭ ❭
❪ ❪ ❪
❫ ❫ ❫
✦ ❴ ✗ ❵ ✟ ✮
★ ❡ ☞ ✙ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✏ ☞ ♦ ♣ ✏ ☞ s s ✕ ✒ ✍ ☞ ❛ ✖ ✕ ✙ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✒ ✎ ❡ ☞ s ☞
✎ ❡ ✏ ☞ ☞ s ✌ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✏ ☞ ♦ ♣ ✏ ☞ s s ✕ ✒ ✍ s ✕ s
❝
❢ ✬
❣
❂
❤
❥ ❦
✦ ❴ ✗ ❵ ✑ ✮
❜
❞ ☛ ☞ ✌ ❡ ✒ ✒ s ☞ ✡ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✒ ❞ ✞ ✟ s s ✟ s ✎ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✩ ✕ ✍
✒ ❞ ✒ ✖ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✍ ✟ ✎ ☞ s ✔ s ✎ ☞ ✞ ✡
✭ ✱ ✱ ✪✯ ✰ ✲ ❂❥ ❧
✕ ✗ ☞ ✗ ✡
❄ ❈
q
❍
r ✉
✒ ✏
✸ ✸ ✸
✈✇
✻
④
✻
❑
✻✾ ✾ ✾
❀ ❀ ❀
✦ ❴ ✗ ⑤ ✮
⑥ ❞ ✎ ☞ ✍ ☛ ☞ ❡ ✟ ✙ ☞ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✖ ✠ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✒ ❞ ✞ ✟ s s
✒ ❞ ❡ ✒ ✞ ✒ ✩ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✒ ✖ s ✑ ✒ ✓ ✕ ☞ s ✒ ❞ ✏ ☞ ✩ ✖ ✠ ✟ ✏ s ❡ ✟ ♣ ☞ s ✠ ✕ ✥ ☞
✏ ✕ ✍ ✩ s ✡ ✓ ✕ s ✌ s ✡ s ♣ ❡ ☞ ✏ ☞ s ✡ ✏ ✒ ✓ s ☞ ✎ ✌ ✗ ✦ ⑦ ✔ ✟
❡ ✒ ✞ ✒ ✩ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✒ ✖ s ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ☛ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✟ ✍ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ☛ ✕ ✎ ❡
✖ ✍ ✕ ❞ ✒ ✏ ✞ ✠ ✔ ✓ ✕ s ✎ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✟ s s ✗ ✮ ⑦✔ ✖ s ✕ ✍ ✩ s ✔ ✞ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✔
✌ ✒ ✍ s ✕ ✓ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✍ ☞ ✟ s ✕ ✠ ✔ s ❡ ✒ ☛ ✎ ❡ ✟ ✎ ✎ ❡ ☞
✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ s ✒ ❞ ✞ ✟ s s ✒ ❞ ✎ ❡ ☞ s ☞ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✕ ☞ s ✠ ✕ ☞ ✟ ✎ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✕ ✏
✩ ☞ ✒ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ s ✗
⑧ ☞ ✎ ✖ s ✌ ✒ ✍ s ✕ ✓ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✎ ❡ ✕ ✍ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✡ ☛ ❡ ✒ s ☞ ☛ ✕ ✓ ✎ ❡ ✟ ✍ ✓
✑ ✏ ☞ ✟ ✎ ❡ ✦ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✟ s ☞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✒ s s s ☞ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✒ ❞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✕ s
✏ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✩ ✖ ✠ ✟ ✏ ✮ ✒ ✏ ✏ ✟ ✓ ✕ ✖ s ✦ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✟ s ☞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✒ s s s ☞ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✍
✒ ❞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✕ s ✌ ✔ ✠ ✕ ✍ ✓ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✮ ✕ s ✞ ✖ ✌ ❡ s ✞ ✟ ✠ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✎ ❡ ✟ ✍
✕ ✎ s ✠ ☞ ✍ ✩ ✎ ❡ ✗ ★ ✟ ✥ ✕ ✍ ✩ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✩ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✟ ✎ ✎ ❡ ☞
✩ ☞ ✒ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✒ ❞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✟ ✍ ✓ ① ⑨ ✟ ♦ ✕ s ✎ ✒ ✑ ☞
✟ ✠ ✒ ✍ ✩ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✩ ✎ ❡ ✒ ❞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✍ s ✟ ✔ ✎ ❡ ✟ ✎ ✒ ✍
✟ ✌ ✌ ✒ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✒ ❞ ✏ ☞ ❞ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✍ s ✔ ✞ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✡ ❞ ✒ ✏ ☞ ✙ ☞ ✏ ✔
☞ ✠ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✎ ⑩ ♠ ✒ ❞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✟ ✎ ① ✡ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✏ ☞ ✕ s ✟ ✍ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✎
✒ ❞ ✎ ❡ ☞ s ✟ ✞ ☞ ✞ ✟ s s ⑩ ♠ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✟ ✎ ❶ ① ✦ ❷ ✕ ✩ ✗ ❴ ✗ ❸ ✮ ✗
★ ❡ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✒ ❞ ☞ ✙ ☞ ✏ ✔ s ✖ ✌ ❡ ♣ ✟ ✕ ✏ ✎ ✒
✎ ❡ ☞ ✕ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✩ ✏ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✍ ✓ ❡ ☞ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✕ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✩ ✏ ✟ ✠
✸
✇
✻
❀
✕ ✎ s ☞ ✠ ❞
✕ s
❹
☞ ✏ ✒ ✗ ❷ ✏ ✒ ✞
❺
❛ ✗ ✦ ❴ ✗ ⑤ ✮ ✡ ✎ ❡ ☞ ♣ ✒ ✕ ✍ ✎ ❞ ✒ ✏ ☛ ❡ ✕ ✌ ❡ ✎ ❡ ☞
✕ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✩ ✏ ✟ ✠ ✕ ✎ s ☞ ✠ ❞ ✕ s
❹
☞ ✏ ✒ ✡ ✕ s ✎ ❡ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✒ ❞ ✞ ✟ s s ✗
★ ❡ ✖ s ✡ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✒ ❞ ✞ ✟ s s ✒ ❞ ✟ ❡ ✒ ✞ ✒ ✩ ☞ ✍ ✒ ✖ s ✎ ❡ ✕ ✍
✏ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✕ ✓ ☞ s ☛ ✕ ✎ ❡ ✕ ✎ s ✩ ☞ ✒ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✗ ★ ❡ ✕ s ✌ ✟ ✍
✑ ☞ ✖ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✏ s ✎ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✑ ✟ s ✕ s ✒ ❞ ✏ ☞ ❞ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✍ s ✔ ✞ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✗
★ ❡ ☞ s ✟ ✞ ☞ s ✔ ✞ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✟ ✏ ✩ ✖ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✕ ✠ ✠ ✟ ♣ ♣ ✠ ✔ ✎ ✒
❡ ✒ ✞ ✒ ✩ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✒ ✖ s ✏ ✕ ✍ ✩ s ✡ ✓ ✕ s ✌ s ✡ s ♣ ❡ ☞ ✏ ☞ s ✡ ✒ ✏ ☞ ✙ ☞ ✍
✎ ❡ ✕ ✌ ✥ ✏ ✒ ✓ s ✒ ❞ ✌ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✖ ✠ ✟ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✩ ✖ ✠ ✟ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✒ s s
s ☞ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✗ ❷ ✒ ✏ ✟ ✠ ✠ s ✖ ✌ ❡ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✕ ☞ s ✔ ✒ ✖ ☛ ✕ ✠ ✠ ✏ ☞ ✟ ✠ ✕ s ☞ ✎ ❡ ✟ ✎
❞ ✒ ✏ ☞ ✙ ☞ ✏ ✔ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✎ ⑩ ♠ ✟ ✎ ✟ ♣ ✒ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✦ ① ❻ ② ❻ ③ ✮ ✒ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✍
✟ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✔ s ✎ ✟ ✥ ☞ ✟ ✍ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✞ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✒ ❞ ✎ ❡ ☞ s ✟ ✞ ☞ ✞ ✟ s s ✟ ✎
✎ ❡ ☞ ♣ ✒ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✦ ⑨ ① ❻ ❼ ② ❻ ❼ ③ ✮ ✗ ✦
❜
✍ ✒ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✏ ✓ s ✡ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✩ ✕ ✍
✕ s ✟ ♣ ✒ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✒ ❞ ✏ ☞ ❞ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✍ s ✔ ✞ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✔ ❞ ✒ ✏ ✎ ❡ ☞ s ☞
✑ ✒ ✓ ✕ ☞ s ✗ ✮ ❆ s ✟ ✏ ☞ s ✖ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✕ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✩ ✏ ✟ ✠ s ✕ ✍
❺
❛ ✗ ✦ ❴ ✗ ❵ ✟ ✮
✟ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✏ ☞
❹
☞ ✏ ✒ ✗ ★ ❡ ✕ s ✞ ☞ ✟ ✍ s ✎ ❡ ✟ ✎ ❞ ✒ ✏ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✙ ☞
✑ ✒ ✓ ✕ ☞ s ✡ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✕ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✒ ❞ ✞ ✟ s s ✌ ✒ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✕ ✓ ☞ s ☛ ✕ ✎ ❡ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✕ ✏
✩ ☞ ✒ ✞ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✗
❽ ❾ ❿ ➀ ➁ ➂ ➃ ➄ ➅ ➆ ❷ ✕ ✍ ✓ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✒ ❞ ✞ ✟ s s ✒ ❞
✎ ❡ ✏ ☞ ☞ ♣ ✟ ✏ ✎ ✕ ✌ ✠ ☞ s ✟ ✎ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✙ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✕ ✌ ☞ s ✒ ❞ ✟ ✍
☞ ❛ ✖ ✕ ✠ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✠ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✟ ✍ ✩ ✠ ☞ ✗ ★ ❡ ☞ ✞ ✟ s s ☞ s ✒ ❞ ✎ ❡ ☞
♣ ✟ ✏ ✎ ✕ ✌ ✠ ☞ s ✟ ✏ ☞
➇ ➈ ➈
✩ ✡
➇
❵
➈
✩ ✡ ✟ ✍ ✓
➉ ➈ ➈
✩
✏ ☞ s ♣ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✙ ☞ ✠ ✔ ✗
❺
✟ ✌ ❡ s ✕ ✓ ☞ ✒ ❞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ☞ ❛ ✖ ✕ ✠ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✠
✎ ✏ ✕ ✟ ✍ ✩ ✠ ☞ ✕ s
➈
✗ ❵ ✞ ✠ ✒ ✍ ✩ ✗
➊ ➋ ➌ ➍
➃
➎
➏ ➐ ➑ ➒ ➓➒➔
➏ ➐ ➑ ➒ ➓ ➒ → ➣ ↔↕ ↔➙ ➛➜ ➝ ➜ ➝ ➞ ↕➟ ↔ ➠ ➡ ➢ ➤ ➥ ↕➟ ➜ ➝ ➙ ➢ ➦ ➧
➨
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✹ ✼
✌
✌
❲ ✐ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ❳ ✥ ✑ ✒ ❨ ✥ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✐ ✑ ✘ ✐ ✙ ✚
✛ ✚ ✜ ✢ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✣ ✒ ✐ ✑ ✥ ✍ ✏ ✔ ✖ ❞ ✤ ✖ ✐ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✦ ✢ ✧ ✥ ✑ ✒ ★ ❞ ✖ ✣ ♠ ✐ ✑ ✙
✍ ✎ ✏ ✏ t ✩ ✐ ✪ ✥ ✍ ✏ ✣ ✥ ✪ ✍ ✣ ✐ ✥ ✑ ✙ ✪ ✏ ✥ ✣ ✏ ✣ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✏ ✕ ✍ ✐ ❡ ✏ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✢ ✭ ✮ ✢
✬ ✭ ✚
✯
✢ ✭ ✮ ✢ ✬ ✭ ✚
✰ ✯
✢ ✭ ✚
✰ ✯
✸
✮ ✚
✱
✏ ✍ ✍ ✎ ✏ ♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✏ ✔
✲
✭ ✭ ✙ ✢
✲ ✯
✭ ✙ ✥ ✑ ✒
✰
✭ ✭ ✙
✳
✏ ✪ ✖ ✕ ✥ ✍ ✏ ✒ ✥ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✧ ✥ ✑ ✒ ★
✳
✏
✣ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✏ ✕ ✍ ✐ ❡ ✏ ✪ ✫ ✚
r
✎ ✏ ✑ ✢
✴ ✴ ✷ ✷ ✵ ✵
✴ ✷ ✵
✺ ① ✺ ① ✺ ①
✻
✺ ✺ ✺
✽ ✽
❂
✽ ✽
✾ ✿
❀ ❁ ❁ ❁ ❀ ❃ ❁ ❄ ❁ ❅ ❃ ❆ ❇ ❁ ❁ ❄ ❁ ❅ ❇ ❃ ❆ ❣ ❈
❄ ❀ ❁ ❁ ❀ ❃ ❁ ❇ ❁ ❁ ❆ ❣
✽ ✽
❉ ❊
❋ ●
❂
✽ ✽
❍
❃ ❃ ❁ ❀ ❇ ❃ ❃
❈ ❈ ❈
■
❃ ❁
■
❃ ❁ ❀
❏
✽
❂ ❂ ❂
❑ ▲ ▲ ▼ ▲ ◆ ❑ ❖ ▲ ▼ ▲ ◆ P ▲ ▲ ▼ ▲ ◗ P ❖ ❘ ◆ ❯ ❱
❩ ❖ ▲ ❯
❬
❭ ❪
❫ ❫
❴ ❵
❛
❜ ❝ ❢ ❢ ❤
❥ ❥ ❥
❦
❜ ❝
❧
❢ ❢
♥ ♥ ♥
r
✎ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✖ ❞ ♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ♦ ✐ ✔ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✐ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏ ❞ ✐ ✙ ✩ ✣ ✏ ✚
♣✖ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✍ ✐ ✍ ✐ ✔ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✖ ♠ ✏ ✍ ✣ ✐ ✕ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✖ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✏
✍ ✣ ✐ ✥ ✑ ✙ ✪ ✏ ✦ ✧ ★✚ ❲ ✎ ✫ q s
✉ ✈ ✇ ② ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ✘ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✖ ❞ ♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✖ ❞ ✥
✍ ✣ ✐ ✥ ✑ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✥ ✣ ✪ ✥ ♠ ✐ ✑ ✥ ✚
⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❷ ⑤ ❸
r
✎ ✏ ✪ ✥ ♠ ✐ ✑ ✥ ✬ ❹❺ ❻ ❼ ✮ ♠ ✥ ✫
✳
✏ ✔ ✩
✳
✒ ✐ ❡ ✐ ✒ ✏ ✒
✐ ✑ ✍ ✖ ✑ ✥ ✣ ✣ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✣ ✐ ✤ ✔ ✏ ✥ ✕ ✎ ✤ ✥ ✣ ✥ ✪ ✪ ✏ ✪ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✏
✳
✥ ✔ ✏ ❽ ❻ ❼ ❾
✥ ✔ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✐ ✑ ✘ ✐ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚
✲
✭
❿ ➀ ➁ ➂ ➃➂➄ ➅
★✫ ✔ ✫ ♠ ♠ ✏ ✍ ✣ ✫ ✏ ✥ ✕ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✣ ✐ ✤ ✎ ✥ ✔ ✐ ✍ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✖ ❞
♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✥ ✍ ✐ ✍ ✔ ♠ ✐ ✒ ✤ ✖ ✐ ✑ ✍ ✚
➆
❞ ✗ ✏
➇
✖ ✐ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏ ♠ ✐ ✒ ✤ ✖ ✐ ✑ ✍ ✖ ❞
✥ ✪ ✪ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✣ ✐ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✍ ✍ ✎ ✏ ♠ ✏ ✒ ✐ ✥ ✑
✱ ➈
✚
r
✎ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✏
✖ ❞ ♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✖ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✣ ✐ ✥ ✑ ✙ ✪ ✏ ✥ ✔ ✥ ✗ ✎ ✖ ✪ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✣ ✏ ❞ ✖ ✣ ✏ ✢
✎ ✥ ✔ ✍ ✖ ✪ ✐ ✏ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏ ♠ ✏ ✒ ✐ ✥ ✑
✱ ➈
✚
➉
✐ ♠ ✐ ✪ ✥ ✣ ✪ ✫ ✢ ✗ ✏ ✕ ✥ ✑
✥ ✣ ✙ ✩ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✍ ✐ ✍ ✪ ✐ ✏ ✔ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏ ♠ ✏ ✒ ✐ ✥ ✑ ➊ ➋ ✥ ✑ ✒ ♣➌ ✚
r
✎ ✐ ✔ ♠ ✏ ✥ ✑ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✖ ❞ ♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✪ ✐ ✏ ✔ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✤ ✖ ✐ ✑ ✍
✖ ❞ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✕ ✩ ✣ ✣ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✏ ✖ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ♠ ✏ ✒ ✐ ✥ ✑ ✔ ✢ ✐ ✚ ✏ ✚ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏
✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✖ ✐ ✒ ➍ ✖ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✣ ✐ ✥ ✑ ✙ ✪ ✏ ✚ s
✉ ✈ ✇ ② ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦
➎
✘ ✐ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✖ ❞ ♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✖ ❞ ✥
✩ ✑ ✐ ❞ ✖ ✣ ♠
✱ ➏
✔ ✎ ✥ ✤ ✏ ✒ ✪ ✥ ♠ ✐ ✑ ✥ ✬ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✐ ✑ ❞ ✪ ✥ ✍ ✤ ✪ ✥ ✍ ✏ ✮
✗ ✐ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✐ ♠ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✐ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✚
r
✎ ✏ ♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✖ ❞
✍ ✎ ✏ ✪ ✥ ♠ ✐ ✑ ✥ ✐ ✔
➐ ➑
✙ ✚
⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❷ ⑤ ❸ ♦ ✎ ✖ ✖ ✔ ✐ ✑ ✙ ✍ ✎ ✏ ❳ ✥ ✑ ✒ ❨ ✥ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✑
✐ ✑ ✘ ✐ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚
✲ ✲
✗ ✏ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✣ ✒ ✐ ✑ ✥ ✍ ✏ ✔ ✖ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✏
❡ ✏ ✣ ✍ ✐ ✕ ✏ ✔ ✖ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✏
✱ ➏
✔ ✎ ✥ ✤ ✏ ✒ ✪ ✥ ♠ ✐ ✑ ✥ ✥ ✔ ✙ ✐ ❡ ✏ ✑ ✐ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏
❞ ✐ ✙ ✩ ✣ ✏ ✚ ❲ ✏ ✕ ✥ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✐ ✑
➑
✖ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✏
✱ ➏
✔ ✎ ✥ ✤ ✏ ✍ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✐ ✔ ✍ ✖ ❞
➐
✔ t ✩ ✥ ✣ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✥ ✕ ✎ ✖ ❞ ✪ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✍ ✎
✲
♠ ✚
r
✎ ✏ ♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✖ ❞ ✏ ✥ ✕ ✎ ✔ t ✩ ✥ ✣ ✏ ✐ ✔
✲ ➑
✙ ✢ ✔ ✐ ✑ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✏
✪ ✥ ♠ ✐ ✑ ✥ ✐ ✔ ✩ ✑ ✐ ❞ ✖ ✣ ♠ ✚
r
✎ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✔ ✖ ❞ ♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ♦
➒
✢ ♦
➓
✥ ✑ ✒ ♦
➔
✖ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✔ t ✩ ✥ ✣ ✏ ✔ ✥ ✣ ✏ ✢
✳
✫ ✔ ✫ ♠ ♠ ✏ ✍ ✣ ✫ ✢ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✐ ✣
✙ ✏ ✖ ♠ ✏ ✍ ✣ ✐ ✕ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✔ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✣ ✒ ✐ ✑ ✥ ✍ ✏ ✔ ✬
✲ → ✰
✢
✲ → ✰
✮ ✢
✬
➐ → ✰
✢
✲ → ✰
✮ ✢ ✬
✲ → ✰
✢
➐ → ✰
✮ ✣ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✏ ✕ ✍ ✐ ❡ ✏ ✪ ✫ ✚ ❲ ✏ ✍ ✥
➑
✏ ✍ ✎ ✏
♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✖ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✔ t ✩ ✥ ✣ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✖
✳
✏ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✥ ✍ ✏ ✒ ✥ ✍
✍ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✤ ✖ ✐ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✚
r
✎ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✖ ❞ ♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✖ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✎ ✖ ✪ ✏
✱
✔ ✎ ✥ ✤ ✏ ✬ ❳ ✢ ❨ ✮ ✐ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✖ ❞ ♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✖ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✏
♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✤ ✖ ✐ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✚
❿ ➀ ➁ ➂ ➃ ➂➄➄
➣ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✏
↔ ↕
➙ ➛
➜ ➝ ➜ ➞ ➟ ➠ ➜ ➝ ➡ ➞ ➟ ➠ ➜ ➝ ➜ ➞ ➟ ➠ ➢ ➤ ➥
➜ ➜ ➜ ➢ ➤
➦
➧ ➧
➨
➧ ➧
❃
❈
➩
❂
➫ ➭
➯ ➲
❀ ❄ ❀
➳
❇ ❆ ❀ ❄ ❀
➳
❇ ❆ ❀ ❄ ✸
➳
❇ ❆
➵
❣ ❈
❃
❈
❀ ❀ ❀
➵
❣ ➩
➸
❉ ❊
✽ ✽
❋ ●
❂ ❂
✽ ✽
r
✎ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✖ ❞ ♠ ✥ ✔ ✔ ✖ ❞ ✍ ✎ ✏
✱ ➏
✔ ✎ ✥ ✤ ✏ ✪ ✐ ✏ ✔ ✖ ✑
✍ ✎ ✏ ✪ ✐ ✑ ✏ ✦ ➺ ✚ ❲ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✩ ✪ ✒ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✏ ✙ ✩ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✐ ✔ ✗ ✐ ✍ ✎ ✖ ✩ ✍
✕ ✥ ✪ ✕ ✩ ✪ ✥ ✍ ✐ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✚ ♦✥ ✑ ✫ ✖ ✩ ✍ ✏ ✪ ✪ ✗ ✎ ✫ q
➉
✩ ✤ ✤ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✢ ✍ ✎ ✏
✍ ✎ ✣ ✏ ✏ ✔ t ✩ ✥ ✣ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✍ ♠ ✥
➑
✏ ✩ ✤ ✍ ✎ ✏
✱
✔ ✎ ✥ ✤ ✏ ✒ ✪ ✥ ♠ ✐ ✑ ✥
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
♦ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✠ ✞ ✞ ❢ ✑ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ❢ ✕ ☛ ✖ ♦ ✗ ✗ ✠ ✘ ✘ ✙ ♦ ✚
✓ ✍ ❢ ✒ ✏ ❢ ✓ ❢ ✑ ✔ ✠ ✒ ❢ ✓ ✍ ❢ ♠ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✑ ❢ ♦ ✞ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢
✘ ✎ ✔ ✠ ✒ ✎ ❧ ✛
✼ ✜ ✢ ✥ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✣ ★ ✩✪ ✧✤ ✫ ✪ ✣ ★ ✥ ✬ ✭ ✭
❊ ✮
✚ ✠
✯ ✯
❢ ✏ ✗ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✏ ❢ ✞ ✠ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢ ♠ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✑ ❢ ♦ ✞
✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ✰ ✗ ❢ ✎ ✑ ❢ ✒ ♦ ✗ ✠ ✒ ✎
✯
♦ ✕ ✠ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ✓ ♦ ✏ ✠ ✕ ♠ ✚ ✕ ✕ ✠ ✓ ✕
✯
✍ ✙ ✕ ✠ ♠ ✎ ✘ ✠ ✔
✯
♦ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✒ ♠ ❢ ✞ ♦ ✑ ✎ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ♦ ✞
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✕ ☛
❲
❢ ✔ ✎ ✙ ✑ ❢ ✗ ✑ ✠ ✓ ❢
❊ ✮
☛
❡
☞ ☛
✱
✏
✲
✎ ✕
✳ ✳ ✷ ✷
✴ ✴ ✴
✐ ✐ ♥ ♥
▼ ✵ ✵ ✵ ✵❂ ❂ ✸ ✸ ✸
✹
❘ ✺ ✺ ✺ ✺ ❡
☞ ☛ ☞
✲
❉ ✠ ✞ ✞ ❢ ✑ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✎ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✓ ✗ ♦ ✕ ✠ ✏ ❢ ✕ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢ ❢
✮
✚ ✎ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒
✗ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✑ ❢ ✕
✯
❢ ♠ ✓ ✓ ♦ ✓ ✠ ✔ ❢ ✗ ❢ ✡ ❢ ✓
✻ ✽
✻ ✽
❞❞ ❞
❞
✾ ✾ ✾
❞ ❞ ❞
✿
✿
❀ ❁ ❁ ❁
t t t ❃ t
❄ ❅ ❅ ❅
rr r
❆
♦ ✑
✻ ✻ ✽ ✽
✾ ✾ ✾
✿ ✿
❀ ❁ ❁ ❁❄ ❅ ❅ ❅❱ ❇ ❇ ❇ ❡
☞ ☛
❈ ✲
✗ ✍ ❢ ✑ ❢
❋
●
❍ ❍
■ ❏ ■ ❑▲✈ ◆
✠ ✕ ✓ ✍ ❢
❖
❢ ✘ ♦ ♠ ✠ ✓ ✙ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✓
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢
◗ ❙
❚ ❚
❯ ❯ ❳
❂
❨
✺
✠ ✕ ✓ ✍ ❢
❖
❢ ✘ ♦ ♠ ✠ ✓ ✙ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢
✕ ❢ ♠ ♦ ✒ ✏
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ❢ ✓ ♠ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✏
❞
❩
❞
t
❄❱ ❆
✠ ✕ ✓ ✍ ❢
❖
❢ ✘ ♦ ♠ ✠ ✓ ✙ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢ ♠ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✑ ❢ ♦ ✞ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ☛
❬
♦ ✓ ❢ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✗ ❢
✎ ✕ ✕ ✚ ✔ ❢ ✏ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ❢ ✕ ❭
❪
✰ ❭
❫
✰ ☛ ☛ ☛ ❢ ✓ ♠ ☛ ✏ ♦ ✒ ♦ ✓
♠ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✡ ❢ ✠ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✔ ❢ ☛
❲
❢ ✍ ✎
❖
❢ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✑ ❢ ✞ ♦ ✑ ❢ ✰ ✓ ✑ ❢ ✎ ✓ ❢ ✏ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✔
✎ ✕ ♠ ♦ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✠ ✒ ✏ ✠ ✞ ✞ ❢ ✑ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✎ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✍ ❢ ❢
✮
✚ ✎ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ✕
✗ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✑ ❢ ✕
✯
❢ ♠ ✓ ✓ ♦ ✓ ✠ ✔ ❢ ☛
❉ ✠ ✞ ✞ ❢ ✑ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✎ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✡
❊ ✮
☛
❡
☞ ☛
❈ ✲
✗ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✑ ❢ ✕
✯
❢ ♠ ✓ ✓ ♦ ✓ ✠ ✔ ❢ ✰
✗ ❢ ♦ ✇ ✓ ✎ ✠ ✒
❴ ❵
❴ ❵
❞❞ ❞❞
✾ ✾ ✾
❞ ❞ ❞ ❞
❛
❛
❀ ❁ ❁ ❁
t t t t
❄ ❅ ❅ ❅
❇❇ ❇❱
♦ ✑
✻ ✻ ✽ ✽
✾ ✾ ✾
✿ ✿
❀ ❁ ❁ ❁❄ ❅ ❅ ❅
❜ ❝ ❝ ❝
❡
☞ ☛ ❣
✲
✗ ✍ ❢ ✑ ❢
❤ ❥
❍ ❍
■ ❏ ■ ❑▲
❦
✈
✠ ✕ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✎ ♠ ♠ ❢ ✘ ❢ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢
✞ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✓
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✰
♣
q
s s
■ ❏ ■ ❑▲
❦
✈
✠ ✕ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✎ ♠ ♠ ❢ ✘ ❢ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒
♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✕ ❢ ♠ ♦ ✒ ✏
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ❢ ✓ ♠ ☛ ✎ ✒ ✏
✉
①
② ③ ②④⑤⑥ ⑦ ✠ ✕
✓ ✍ ❢ ✎ ♠ ♠ ❢ ✘ ❢ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢ ♠ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✑ ❢ ♦ ✞ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢
✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ♦ ✞
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✕ ☛
❬
♦ ✗ ✰ ✞ ✑ ♦ ✔
❬
❢ ✗ ✓ ♦ ✒
⑧
✕ ✕ ❢ ♠ ♦ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✰ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢
✎ ♠ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✡ ♦ ✒ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✓
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✠ ✕ ✡ ✠
❖
❢ ✒ ✇ ✙
❴ ❴ ❴
❁ ❄⑨
❝ ☛
⑩ ✍ ❢ ✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✎ ♠ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✡ ♦ ✒ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✕ ❢ ♠ ♦ ✒ ✏
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✠ ✕ ✡ ✠
❖
❢ ✒
✇ ✙
❵ ❵ ❵
❁ ❄⑨
❝ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✕ ♦ ♦ ✒ ☛
❊ ✮
☛
❡
☞ ☛ ❣
✲
✔ ✎ ✙ ✇ ❢ ✗ ✑ ✠ ✓ ✓ ❢ ✒
✎ ✕
❴ ❵
✾ ✾ ✾
❛
❀ ❄ ❅ ❅ ❅
❜
⑨ ⑨ ⑨ ❡
☞ ☛ ✌
❶ ✲
⑩ ✍ ✚ ✕ ✰ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✓ ♦ ✓ ✎ ✘ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ♦ ✞ ✎ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ♦ ✞
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✕
✓ ✠ ✔ ❢ ✕ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✎ ♠ ♠ ❢ ✘ ❢ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ♦ ✞ ✠ ✓ ✕ ♠ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✑ ❢ ♦ ✞ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ✠ ✕
✓ ✍ ❢
❖
❢ ♠ ✓ ♦ ✑ ✕ ✚ ✔ ♦ ✞ ✎ ✘ ✘ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✕ ✎ ♠ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✡ ♦ ✒ ✓ ✍ ❢
✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ♦ ✞
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✕ ☛
❬
♦ ✓ ❢ ✗ ✍ ❢ ✒ ✗ ❢ ✓ ✎ ✘
❷
♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢
❴
⑨
♦ ✒ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✓
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✰ ✠ ✓ ✠ ✕ ✒ ♦ ✓ ✎ ✕ ✠ ✒ ✡ ✘ ❢ ✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✰ ✇ ✚ ✓ ✓ ✍ ❢
❖
❢ ♠ ✓ ♦ ✑
✕ ✚ ✔ ♦ ✞ ✎ ✘ ✘ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✕ ♦ ✒ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✞ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✓
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢
❸
✘ ✠
❷
❢ ✗ ✠ ✕ ❢
✞ ♦ ✑ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✕ ❢ ♠ ♦ ✒ ✏
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ❢ ✓ ♠ ☛
❹
✔ ♦ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✕ ❢ ✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✕
♦ ✒ ❢ ✎ ♠ ✍
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✑ ❢ ✗ ✠ ✘ ✘ ✇ ❢
❺ ❻ ❼ ❺ ❽ ❾ ❿ ➀
✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✕
❢
➁
❢ ✑ ✓ ❢ ✏ ✇ ✙ ✇ ♦ ✏ ✠ ❢ ✕ ♦ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✠ ✏ ❢ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✕ ♦
➂ ❾ ❼ ❺ ❽ ❾ ❿ ➀
✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✕ ❢
➁
❢ ✑ ✓ ❢ ✏ ✇ ✙ ✓ ✍ ❢
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✕ ♦ ✒ ♦ ✒ ❢
✎ ✒ ♦ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✑ ☛
❲
❢
❷
✒ ♦ ✗ ✞ ✑ ♦ ✔
❬
❢ ✗ ✓ ♦ ✒
⑧
✕ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✓
✓ ✍ ❢ ✕ ❢ ✠ ✒ ✓ ❢ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✘ ✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✕ ♦ ♠ ♠ ✚ ✑ ✠ ✒ ❢
✮
✚ ✎ ✘ ✎ ✒ ✏ ♦
✯ ✯
♦ ✕ ✠ ✓ ❢
✯
✎ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✠ ✒ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✕ ✚ ✔ ♦ ✞ ✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✕ ♦ ✞
❊ ✮
☛
❡
☞ ☛ ✌
❶ ✲
✰
✓ ✍ ❢ ✠ ✑ ♠ ♦ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✠ ✇ ✚ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ✠ ✕ ➃ ❢ ✑ ♦ ☛ ➄ ✒ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✍ ❢ ❢
➁
✓ ❢ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✘
✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✕ ♠ ♦ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✠ ✇ ✚ ✓ ❢ ✓ ♦ ✓ ✍ ❢ ❢
✮
✚ ✎ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ☛
❲
❢ ♠ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✒
✑ ❢ ✗ ✑ ✠ ✓ ❢
❊ ✮
☛
❡
☞ ☛ ✌
❶ ✲
✎ ✕
➅ ➆ ➇
❀ ❄
❜
⑨ ❡
☞ ☛ ✌ ✌
✲
✗ ✍ ❢ ✑ ❢
➅ ➆ ➇
⑨
✑ ❢
✯
✑ ❢ ✕ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✕ ✚ ✔ ♦ ✞ ✎ ✘ ✘ ❢
➁
✓ ❢ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✘
✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✕ ✎ ♠ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✡ ♦ ✒ ✓ ✍ ❢
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✕ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ☛
❊ ✮
☛
❡
☞ ☛ ✌ ✌
✲
✕ ✓ ✎ ✓ ❢ ✕ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✓
❼
➈
❺
➉
❺ ❾ ❼❽ ❺
➊ ➋ ➌
❿
➍ ➍
➊ ➋
❿
➍ ➎ ➍
❼ ❺
➌ ➊ ➋ ➏
❿ ❽❼➂
➉
➀ ❺
➍ ➌ ➊ ➐
❺
➍
❿
➍
➂
➋
❿ ➀ ➀ ❼
➈
❺
➌
❿
➍ ➍ ➊ ➋
❼
➈
❺
➍ ➎ ➍
❼ ❺
➌ ➑
❿
➍ ➉ ➊
❾
➉
❺ ❾ ❼❽❿ ❼ ❺
➒
❿ ❼ ❼
➈
❺
➉
❺ ❾ ❼ ❽ ❺
➊ ➋ ➌
❿
➍ ➍
❿ ❾
➒
❿ ➀ ➀ ❼
➈
❺ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❺ ❽ ❾ ❿ ➀
➋ ➊
❽
➉
❺
➍
➑
❺ ❽ ❺ ❿
➏ ➏
➀ ➂ ❺
➒
❿ ❼ ❼
➈
❿ ❼
➏ ➊
➂ ❾ ❼
✜
❬
♦ ✓ ✠ ♠ ❢ ✰ ✓ ♦ ✏ ❢ ✓ ❢ ✑ ✔ ✠ ✒ ❢ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✔ ♦ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢ ♠ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✑ ❢
♦ ✞ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ✒ ♦
❷
✒ ♦ ✗ ✘ ❢ ✏ ✡ ❢ ♦ ✞ ✠ ✒ ✓ ❢ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✘ ✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✕ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢
✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ♦ ✞
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✕ ✠ ✕ ✑ ❢
✮
✚ ✠ ✑ ❢ ✏
❸
✞ ♦ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✠ ✕
✯
✚ ✑
✯
♦ ✕ ❢
✗ ❢ ✒ ❢ ❢ ✏ ✓ ♦
❷
✒ ♦ ✗ ♦ ✒ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✍ ❢ ❢
➁
✓ ❢ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✘ ✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✕ ☛
⑩ ♦ ♦ ✇ ✓ ✎ ✠ ✒
❊ ✮
☛
❡
☞ ☛ ✌ ✌
✲
✗ ❢ ✏ ✠ ✏ ✒ ♦ ✓ ✒ ❢ ❢ ✏ ✓ ♦
✕
✯
❢ ♠ ✠ ✞ ✙ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✚ ✑ ❢ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ♦ ✞
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✕ ☛
⑩ ✍ ❢ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ✔ ✎ ✙ ✇ ❢ ✎ ♠ ♦ ✘ ✘ ❢ ♠ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ♦ ✞
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✕ ✠ ✒
✗ ✍ ✠ ♠ ✍ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✑ ❢ ✔ ✎ ✙ ✇ ❢ ✎ ✘ ✘
❷
✠ ✒ ✏ ✕ ♦ ✞ ✠ ✒ ✓ ❢ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✘
✔ ♦ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ✕ ✰ ♦ ✑ ✠ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✙ ✇ ❢ ✎ ✑ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✇ ♦ ✏ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✠ ♠ ✍ ✍ ✎ ✕
❢ ✠ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✑
✯
✚ ✑ ❢ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✕ ✘ ✎ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ✎ ✘ ✔ ♦ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ♦ ✑ ✎
♠ ♦ ✔ ✇ ✠ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✕ ✘ ✎ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ✎ ✘ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✑ ♦ ✓ ✎ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ✎ ✘
✔ ♦ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ☛
❲
✍ ✎ ✓ ❢
❖
❢ ✑ ✠ ✕ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✔ ♦ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒
♦ ✞ ✠ ✓ ✕ ✠ ✒ ✏ ✠
❖
✠ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✘
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✕ ✰ ✓ ✍ ❢ ♠ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✑ ❢ ♦ ✞ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕
✔ ♦
❖
❢ ✕ ✎ ♠ ♠ ♦ ✑ ✏ ✠ ✒ ✡ ✓ ♦
❊ ✮
☛
❡
☞ ☛ ✌ ✌
✲
☛
➓
✒ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✎ ✏ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✑ ❢ ✎ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✡ ❢
➁
✓ ❢ ✒ ✏ ❢ ✏ ✇ ♦ ✏ ✠ ❢ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✕ ✠ ✒ ✡ ✘ ❢
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✗ ❢ ✍ ✎
❖
❢ ✏ ♦ ✒ ❢ ✠ ✒ ❢ ✎ ✑ ✘ ✠ ❢ ✑ ♠ ✍ ✎
✯
✓ ❢ ✑ ✕ ✰
✗ ❢ ♠ ✎ ✒ ✒ ♦ ✗ ✓ ✑ ❢ ✎ ✓ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ✕ ♦ ✞
✯
✎ ✑ ✓ ✠ ♠ ✘ ❢ ✕ ☛
❲
❢ ♠ ✎ ✒ ♦ ✇ ✓ ✎ ✠ ✒ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✕ ✘ ✎ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ✎ ✘ ♠ ♦ ✔
✯
♦ ✒ ❢ ✒ ✓ ♦ ✞
✓ ✍ ❢ ✠ ✑ ✔ ♦ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ✰ ✠ ☛ ❢ ☛ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✔ ♦ ✓ ✠ ♦ ✒ ♠ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✑ ❢ ♦ ✞ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ♦ ✞
✓ ✍ ❢ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ✰ ✇ ✙ ✓ ✎
❷
✠ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ♦ ✞ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✗ ✍ ♦ ✘ ❢
✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ✓ ♦ ✇ ❢ ♠ ♦ ✒ ♠ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✓ ❢ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✓ ✍ ❢ ♠ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✑ ❢ ♦ ✞ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕
✎ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✘ ✓ ✍ ❢ ❢
➁
✓ ❢ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✘ ✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✕ ♦ ✒ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✓ ❢ ✔ ✓ ♦ ✇ ❢
✎ ♠ ✓ ✠ ✒ ✡ ✎ ✓ ✓ ✍ ❢ ♠ ❢ ✒ ✓ ✑ ❢ ♦ ✞ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ☛
⑩ ✍ ✠ ✕ ✠ ✕ ✓ ✍ ❢
✯
✑ ♦ ♠ ❢ ✏ ✚ ✑ ❢ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✗ ❢ ✞ ♦ ✘ ✘ ♦ ✗ ❢ ✏ ❢ ✎ ✑ ✘ ✠ ❢ ✑
✠ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✠ ✒ ✡ ✞ ♦ ✑ ♠ ❢ ✕ ♦ ✒ ✇ ♦ ✏ ✠ ❢ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✕ ♦ ✘
❖
✠ ✒ ✡
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✹ ✾
♣ ✌ ♦ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ♦ ✗ ✕ ✏ ✘ ♣ ✎ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✚ ♦ ✗ ✕ ✎ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✣
❥ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✤ ✚ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✖ ✏ ♣ ✌ ♦ ✙ ✏ ✣ ✗ ✌ ✏ ❡ ✥ ✏ ✛ ♦ ✓ ✌ ✏ ✢ ✎ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✛
✏ ✢ ✌ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✣ ✔ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✢ ✒ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✏ ✣ ✦ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ♦ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✢ ✚ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✒ ♦ ✦
✕ ✖ ✢ ✕ ✌ ♦ ✕ ✢ ✕ ✔ ♦ ✛ ✢ ✎ ✑ ♦ ✕ ✔ ♦ ✛ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✧ ♦ ✌ ✔ ✛ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✛ ✢ ✎ ✑ ♦ ✕ ✔ ♦ ✛
♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✌ ✢ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✕ ♦ ✌ ✛ ✏ ✜ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✏ ❡
✥ ✏ ✛ ♦ ✎ ♦ ✛ ✜ ✏ ✌ ✛ ✏ ✏ ✣ ✕ ♦ ✣ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✒ ❡ ✥ ✏ ✖ ✢ ★ ✏ ✛ ♦ ✕ ♦ ✛ ✎ ✚
✤ ♦ ✗ ✛ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✏ ❥ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✤ ✔ ✙ ✢ ✕ ✔ ♦ ✛ ♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏ ♣ ✌ ♦ ✙ ✏ ✣ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✏
✤ ♦ ✎ ✎ ♦ ✓ ✏ ✣ ✏ ✢ ✌ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✌ ❢ ✍ ✗ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✢ ✎ ✒ ♦ ✖ ✢ ★ ✏ ✤ ♦ ✗ ✛ ✣ ✖ ♦ ✓ ✕ ♦
✣ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✏ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✒ ✏ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✢ ✕ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✢ ✛ ✒ ✎ ✢ ✕ ✔ ♦ ✛ ✢ ✎ ✑ ♦ ✕ ✔ ♦ ✛
♦ ✤ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✢ ✌ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✣ ✍ ♦ ✣ ✚ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✖ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✍ ✏ ✌ ♦ ✕ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✒
✓ ✏ ✎ ✎ ✦ ♦ ✌ ✩ ✇ ✫ ✢ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ♦ ✤ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✎ ✎ ✬ ✔ ✛ ✣ ✒
♦ ✤ ✔ ✛ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✛ ✢ ✎ ✑ ♦ ✕ ✔ ♦ ✛ ❡
❋ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰✯✱ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✵ ✸ ✺ ✻ ✵ ✼ ✽ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❁ ✼✽ ✺ ✴ ✵ ✽ ✻ ❀ ❂ ✿✵ ✸ ✺❁
✼ ✽ ✺ ✴ ✵ ❃ ✻ ✼ ❄ ✵ ✷ ✺ ❅ ❆ ✵ ✷ ✼ ✸ ✺ ❅ ✸ ❇ ✵ ❁ ❀ ❆ ✼ ✸ ❂ ✺ ✴ ✵
❁ ❀ ✿ ✵ ❃ ❀ ✻ ❀
s
✼ ❆ ❅ ✷ ❃ ❀ ✺ ✴
❈
✴ ❅ ✷ ✴ ❅ ✺
❈
✼ ❇ ❆
❉
✴ ❀
❤
✵ ✽ ✼ ❆ ❆ ✼
❈
✵
❉
❅ ✽ ✺ ✴ ✵ ✻ ✵
❈
✵ ✻ ✵ ✸ ✼
✵ ❊❃ ❆ ✼ ❁ ❅ ✼ ✸ ●
❍ ✔ ✜ ✗ ✌ ✏ ■ ❡ ✪ ✇ ✔ ✒ ✢ ✜ ♦ ♦ ✣ ✔ ✎ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✌ ✢ ✕ ✔ ♦ ✛ ♦ ✤ ❏ ❑ ❡
✩ ■ ❡ ✪ ✪ ✫ ❡ ▲ ♣ ✌ ♦ ❥ ✏ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✦ ✤ ♦ ✎ ✎ ♦ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✢ ✎ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✢ ✍ ♦ ✎ ✔ ✙
✕ ✌ ✢ ❥ ✏ ✙ ✕ ♦ ✌ ✚ ✦ ✏ ✘ ♣ ✎ ♦ ✣ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✛ ✕ ♦ ✤ ✌ ✢ ✜ ✑ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✣ ✓ ✢ ✚ ✔ ✛
✢ ✔ ✌ ❡
▼
✖ ✏ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✏ ✘ ♣ ✎ ♦ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✛ ✢ ✌ ✏
✔ ✛ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✛ ✢ ✎ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✙ ✏ ✒ ❡
▼
✖ ✏ ✚ ✙ ♦ ✛ ✕ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✗ ✕ ✏ ✛ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✏
✑ ♦ ✕ ✔ ♦ ✛ ♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✌ ✏ ♦ ✤ ✑ ✢ ✒ ✒ ❡
▼
✖ ✏ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✛ ✢ ✎
✤ ♦ ✌ ✙ ✏ ✦ ✛ ✢ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✚ ✦ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✙ ✏ ♦ ✤ ✜ ✌ ✢ ★ ✔ ✕ ✚ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✜ ♦ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✏
✍ ♦ ✣ ✚ ✦ ✔ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✏ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✏ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✢ ✤ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✏ ✘ ♣ ✎ ♦ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✛ ❡
▼
✖ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✌ ✏ ♦ ✤ ✑ ✢ ✒ ✒ ✗ ✛ ✣ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✛ ✤ ✎ ✗ ✏ ✛ ✙ ✏ ♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏
✏ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✛ ✢ ✎ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✙ ✏ ✙ ♦ ✛ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✏ ✦ ✢ ✎ ♦ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✖ ✏
✒ ✢ ✑ ✏ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✢ ✍ ♦ ✎ ✔ ✙ ✕ ✌ ✢ ❥ ✏ ✙ ✕ ♦ ✌ ✚ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✓ ♦ ✗ ✎ ✣ ✖ ✢ ★ ✏
✤ ♦ ✎ ✎ ♦ ✓ ✏ ✣ ✔ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✛ ♦ ✏ ✘ ♣ ✎ ♦ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✛ ❡
◆ ❖ P ◗ ❘ ❯❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❨ ❱ ❯❬ ❭❨ ❩ ❪ ❲ ❫ ❴ ❫ ❬ ❱ ❨ ❩ ❪
❵ ❲ ❳ ❬ ❘ ❛◗ ❱ ❫
❜
✏ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✙ ✢ ✎ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✛ ✏ ✢ ✌ ✑ ♦ ✑ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✑ ♦ ✤ ✢
♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✒ ✣ ✏ ✤ ✔ ✛ ✏ ✣ ✢ ✒
♠ ❝ ❞ ❣
✩ ■ ❡ ✪ ✇ ✫
❜
✏ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✒ ♦ ✌ ✏ ✙ ✢ ✎ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✕ ✐ ✏ ✓ ✕ ♦ ✛ ❦ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✙ ♦ ✛ ✣ ✎ ✢ ✓
✓ ✌ ✔ ✕ ✕ ✏ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✒ ✚ ✑ ✍ ♦ ✎ ✔ ✙ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✑ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✎ ✏ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✒
❧
❧ t
♥
q
r
✩ ■ ❡ ✪ ✉ ✫
✓ ✖ ✏ ✌ ✏ ❪ ✔ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✙ ✏ ♦ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✏ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ❡
❜
✏ ✕ ✗ ✒
✙ ♦ ✛ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✌ ✢ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ♦ ✤ ✈ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✢ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✒
①
②
✦ ①
③
✦ ❡ ❡ ❡ ①
④
✌ ✏ ✒ ♣ ✏ ✙ ✕ ✔ ★ ✏ ✎ ✚ ✢ ✛ ✣ ★ ✏ ✎ ♦ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✒
⑤ ⑥
⑦ ⑦ ⑧ ⑧ ⑧ ⑧ ⑧ ⑧ ⑧
⑨
⑩ ⑩ ⑩
✌ ✏ ✒ ♣ ✏ ✙ ✕ ✔ ★ ✏ ✎ ✚ ❡
▼
✖ ✏ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✍ ✏
✔ ✛ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✖ ✢ ★ ✏ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✛ ✢ ✎ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✜ ♦ ✛
✕ ✖ ✏ ✑ ❡
▼
✖ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✛ ✏ ✢ ✌ ✑ ♦ ✑ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✑ ♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✤ ✔ ✌ ✒ ✕ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏
✔ ✒
⑤ ⑤
❶
⑩
✦ ♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✙ ♦ ✛ ✣ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✒
⑥ ⑥
❶
⑩
✢ ✛ ✣ ✒ ♦
♦ ✛ ❡
❍ ♦ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ♦ ✤ ✈ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✦ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✛ ✏ ✢ ✌
✑ ♦ ✑ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✑ ♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✒ ✣ ✏ ✤ ✔ ✛ ✏ ✣ ✕ ♦ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✏
★ ✏ ✙ ✕ ♦ ✌ ✒ ✗ ✑ ♦ ✤ ✢ ✎ ✎ ✔ ✛ ✣ ✔ ★ ✔ ✣ ✗ ✢ ✎ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏
✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✦
❷ ❸
⑧ ⑧ ⑧
❹
♥ ❺ ❺ ❺❻
q q q
❷ ❷ ❸ ❸
⑧ ⑧ ⑧
❹ ❹
❶ ❶ ❶♥ ❺ ❺ ❺
⑩ ⑩ ⑩ ❼
■ ❡ ✪
❽
✫
❾
♦ ✑ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ❏ ❑ ❡ ✩ ■ ❡
❿
✫
➀➁ ➂ ➃
✩ ■ ❡ ✪ ➄ ✫
▼
✖ ✗ ✒ ✦
➅➆ ➇ ➅➈ ➅➉ ➊ ➋ ➈ ➋ ➇ ➌ ➅➍ ➋ ➈ ➎ ➉ ➏ ➐ ➏ ➅➇ ➋
➈ ➎
➑
➉
➒
➅
➓ ➔
➊ ➇ ➏
➓
➏ ➇
→
➍ ➉ ➊ ➅➈ ➅➆ ➇
➑ ➒
➈
➣
➍
➔
➅ ➈ ➎ ➅➆ ➇
➅➈ ➅ ➉ ➊ ➋ ➉ ➏ ➏ ➈ ➎ ➅➆ ➇ ➏ ➐ ➏ ➅➇ ➋ ➉ ➌
➣
➅ ➆ ➇ ↔ ➇ ➊ ➈
➔ ➓
➅➐ ➈ ➎
➓
➅ ➏
➔
➇ ➌ ➅
➒
➇ ➈ ➎ ➋ ➉ ➏ ➏
↕ ➙ ✔ ✤ ✤ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✔ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✜ ❏ ❑ ❡ ✩ ■ ❡ ✪ ➄ ✫
✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✌ ✏ ✒ ♣ ✏ ✙ ✕ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✔ ✑ ✏ ✦
❧ ❧
❧ ❧
➛ ➛
t t
♥ ♥
❻ ➜
➝
✩ ■ ❡ ✪
➞
✫
❾
♦ ✑ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✔ ✛ ✜ ❏ ❑ ❡ ✩ ■ ❡ ✪
➞
✫ ✢ ✛ ✣ ❏ ❑ ❡ ✩ ■ ❡ ✪ ✪ ✫ ✦
❧
❧
➟ ➠ ➡
t
♥
❻
r
✩ ■ ❡ ✪ ■ ✫
▼
✖ ✔ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✕ ✢ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✛ ✕ ♦ ✤ ❯
➇ ➢ ➅ ➈ ➌ ➤ ➏ ➏ ➇
➔
➈ ➌
➣
➊ ➉ ➢ ➇ ➥ ➅➇ ➌
➣
➇
➣
➅ ➈ ➉ ➏ ➐ ➏ ➅➇ ➋ ➈ ➎
➑
➉
➒
➅
➓ ➔
➊ ➇ ➏
❖
➦
✗ ♣ ♣ ♦ ✒ ✏ ✛ ♦ ✓ ✦ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✗ ✑ ♦ ✤ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✛ ✢ ✎
✤ ♦ ✌ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✜ ♦ ✛ ✢ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ♦ ✤ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✒
➧
✏ ✌ ♦ ❡
▼
✖ ✏ ✛ ✤ ✌ ♦ ✑ ❏ ❑ ❡ ✩ ■ ❡ ✪ ■ ✫
or
❧
➨
❧ t
♥
❻
❻
➩ ❾
♦ ✛ ✒ ✕ ✢ ✛ ✕ ✩ ■ ❡ ✪
❿
✢ ✫
▼
✖ ✗ ✒ ✦ ✓ ✖ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✛ ✢ ✎ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✙ ✏ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✜
♦ ✛ ✢ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ♦ ✤ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✒
➧
✏ ✌ ♦ ✦ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✎ ✔ ✛ ✏ ✢ ✌
✑ ♦ ✑ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✑ ♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✒ ✙ ♦ ✛ ✒ ✕ ✢ ✛ ✕ ❡
▼
✖ ✔ ✒ ✔ ✒
✕ ✖ ✏ ✎ ✢ ✓ ♦ ✤ ✙ ♦ ✛ ✒ ✏ ✌ ★ ✢ ✕ ✔ ♦ ✛ ♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✎ ✔ ✛ ✏ ✢ ✌
✑ ♦ ✑ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✑ ♦ ✤ ✢ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ♦ ✤ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ❡ ➫ ✏ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✒ ✏ ♦ ✤
❏ ❑ ❡ ✩ ■ ❡ ✪ ➄ ✫ ✦ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✒ ♦ ✑ ✏ ✢ ✛ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✕ ✓ ✖ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✏
✕ ♦ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✛ ✢ ✎ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✙ ✏ ♦ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✒
➧
✏ ✌ ♦
✕ ✖ ✏ ★ ✏ ✎ ♦ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✚ ♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✌ ✏ ♦ ✤ ✑ ✢ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✢ ✔ ✛ ✒
✙ ♦ ✛ ✒ ✕ ✢ ✛ ✕ ❡ ✩ ✥ ✏ ✢ ✒ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✌ ♦ ✗ ✜ ✖ ♦ ✗ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✏
✣ ✔ ✒ ✙ ✗ ✒ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✛ ♦ ✛ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✒ ♦ ✤ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✒
✙ ✖ ✢ ♣ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✑ ✢ ✒ ✒ ♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✏ ✑
✌ ✏ ✑ ✢ ✔ ✛ ✒ ✙ ♦ ✛ ✒ ✕ ✢ ✛ ✕ ❡ ✫
✐ ♦ ✕ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✢ ✕ ♦ ✛ ✢ ✙ ✙ ♦ ✗ ✛ ✕ ♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✛ ✕ ✏ ✌ ✛ ✢ ✎ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✦
✔ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✤ ♦ ✌ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✏ ✣ ✍ ✚ ✕ ✖ ✏ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ♦ ✛ ♦ ✛ ✏
✢ ✛ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✌ ✦ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✛ ✣ ✔ ★ ✔ ✣ ✗ ✢ ✎ ♣ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✖ ✢ ★ ✏
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ❝ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✍ ❝ ✌ ✞ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✌ ❡ ☛ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✞ ✌ ☞ ✡ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✏ ♥ ☞ ✡
✕ ✞ ✏ ❝ ✍ ☞ ❝ ✌ ☛ ♥ ✘ ✞ ♥ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✒ ✚ ✍ ✏ ✞ ❡ ✌ ✖ ✍ ❝ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✕
✟ ☞ ✒ ✒ ✟ ✞ ♠ ✍ ✒ ✛ ☛ ✌ ✖ ❛ ❝ ✞ ♥ ✒ ✌ ☞ ♥ ✌ ♠ ✍ ✡ ✞ ❝ ☛ ✌ ✙ ❡ ☛ ✓ ✍ ✓ ❡ ✟ ✞ ♠ ✍ ✒
✉ ♥ ☛ ✕ ✞ ✏ ✟ ✡ ✙ ☛ ♥ ☞ ✒ ✌ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✘ ✖ ✌ ✡ ☛ ♥ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✜ ✍ ☞ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ☛ ❝ ✡ ✍ ✓
❚ ✖ ✍ ♠ ✍ ❝ ✌ ✞ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✓ ✤ ✥ ✓ ✦ ✧ ☞ ★ ☛ ✒ ✍ ✣ ✉ ☛ ♠ ☞ ✡ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✍ ✍
✒ ❝ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✣ ✉ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✞ ♥ ✒ ❡
✩
①
✪ ✫
✬
❡ ✩
②
✪ ✫
✷
☞ ♥ ✎ ✩
③
✪ ✫
✸
✤ ✥ ✓ ✦ ✧ ✭ ★
❍ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✩
①
❡ ✩
②
☞ ♥ ✎ ✩
③
☞ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✍ ❝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✞ ♥ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✒ ✞ ✕
✌ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✞ ✌ ☞ ✡ ✡ ☛ ♥ ✍ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✉ ✟ ♠ ✍ ❝ ✌ ✞ ✏ ✮ ☞ ✡ ✞ ♥ ✘ ✌ ✖ ✍
✯ ✰ ✱ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✲ ☞ ✗ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✍ ✒ ✠ ✍ ❝ ✌ ☛ ♠ ✍ ✡ ✙ ✳ ✫
✬
❡ ✫
✷
☞ ♥ ✎ ✫
✸
☞ ✏ ✍
❝ ✞ ♥ ✒ ✌ ☞ ♥ ✌ ✒ ✓
✴
❛
✵ ✴ ✹ ✵
❋ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✼ ✾✿ ❀ ❁❂ ❆ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❉ ❊ ● ■ ❄ ❊ ❏ ❑ ▲ ❅ ▼ ❏ ◆ ■ ❖ ◗ ❏ ❖ ❉ ◗ ❘ ❅
■ ❖ ❧ ❃ ◗ ❄ ❙ ❉ ❊ ● ■ ❄ ❊ ❏ ❑ ▲ ❉ ▼ ❅ ❉ ❯ ❅ ❉ ❅ ■ ◆ ❃ ❅
◆ ❅ ❙ ◗❖ ● ■ ❄ ❑
♣
❄▼
❱ ❲
❃ ❄
❳ ❨
❘
❩
◗❃ ❄ ❏❈ ❏◗❄
❬
❖ ❏
❖ ❉ ❊ ❉ ❖
❩
❘❙
❬ ❬
❘◗❖ ❘❉
❱
❀ ❭ ❂
❲
❃ ❄ ❏❅
❬
❄ ❏ ◆ ■ ❖ ◗ ❖ ❉ ❧ ❘
❩
◗❃ ❄ ❃ ❄❅ ❇❈ ❉ ❊ ● ■ ❄ ❊ ❏
❑ ▲ ❅ ▼ ❪❖ ◗❃ ◗❃ ❄ ● ❄❉ ◗ ❙ ❄ ❘
❩ ❬
❅ ❏❏ ❅ ◗ ❙ ❄❏◗
❱
❲
❃ ❄ ◗ ❪ ❘ ◆ ❙ ❘❯ ❊ ● ◗ ◆ ❅ ❙ ◗❖ ● ■ ❄❏
❩
■ ❈
♦
❅ ●
❫
◗❘
♦
❅ ●
❫ ❱
❴
✒ ☞ ♥ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✍ ❡ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✉ ✒ ❝ ✞ ♥ ✒ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✖ ✍
✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✞ ☞ ❝ ✌ ☛ ♠ ✍ ✎ ✍ ❝ ☞ ✙ ✞ ✕ ☞ ✟ ✞ ♠ ☛ ♥ ✘ ✉ ♥ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✭ ✡ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ☛ ❝ ✡ ✍ ❡
✡ ☛ ✜ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✍ ♥ ✉ ❝ ✡ ✍ ✉ ✒ ✞ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✉ ✟ ✓
❴
✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✉ ✟ ♥ ✉ ❝ ✡ ✍ ✉ ✒
✎ ☛ ✒ ☛ ♥ ✌ ✍ ✘ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✒ ☛ ♥ ✌ ✞ ☞ ♥ ✉ ❝ ✡ ✍ ✉ ✒ ✞ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✞ ♥ ☞ ♥ ✎ ☞ ♥
☞ ✡ ✠ ✖ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ☛ ❝ ✡ ✍ ✓ ❚ ✖ ✍ ✕ ✞ ✏ ❝ ✍ ✒ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✎ ☛ ♥ ✘ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ❝ ☞ ✙
☞ ✏ ✍ ☛ ♥ ✌ ✍ ✏ ♥ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✟ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✏ ♥ ☞ ✡
✕ ✞ ✏ ❝ ✍ ✒ ✞ ♥ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✟ ☞ ✏ ✍ ♥ ✍ ✘ ✡ ☛ ✘ ☛ ✭ ✡ ✍ ✓
❵
✞ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✞ ✌ ☞ ✡
✡ ☛ ♥ ✍ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✞ ✟ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✉ ✟ ✞ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✟ ☛ ✒ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✟ ✍
✭ ✍ ✕ ✞ ✏ ✍ ☞ ♥ ✎ ☞ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✍ ❝ ☞ ✙ ✓ ❚ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✛ ✞ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ☛ ❝ ✡ ✍ ✒
✠ ✏ ✞ ✎ ✉ ❝ ✍ ✎ ☛ ♥ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ❝ ☞ ✙ ❡ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✞ ♥ ♥ ✉ ❝ ✡ ✍ ✉ ✒ ☞ ♥ ✎
✌ ✖ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✠ ✖ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ☛ ❝ ✡ ✍ ❡ ✟ ✞ ♠ ✍ ☛ ♥ ✎ ☛ ✕ ✕ ✍ ✏ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✍ ❝ ✌ ☛ ✞ ♥ ✒
☛ ♥ ✒ ✉ ❝ ✖ ☞ ✛ ☞ ✙ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✖ ✍ ☛ ✏ ❝ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✕ ✟ ☞ ✒ ✒ ✟ ✞ ♠ ✍ ✒
☞ ✡ ✞ ♥ ✘ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✟ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✡ ✞ ♥ ✘ ✛ ✖ ☛ ❝ ✖ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✞ ✏ ☛ ✘ ☛ ♥ ☞ ✡
✎ ✍ ❝ ☞ ✙ ☛ ♥ ✘ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✉ ✟ ♥ ✉ ❝ ✡ ✍ ✉ ✒ ✛ ☞ ✒ ✟ ✞ ♠ ☛ ♥ ✘
❜ ❞ ☛ ✘ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✦ ❢ ✤ ☞ ★ ❣ ✓
❤ ✕ ✛ ✍ ✞ ✭ ✒ ✍ ✏ ♠ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ❝ ☞ ✙ ✕ ✏ ✞ ✟ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✟ ✍ ✞ ✕
✏ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✏ ✍ ♥ ❝ ✍ ☛ ♥ ✛ ✖ ☛ ❝ ✖ ✌ ✖ ✍ ❝ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✕ ✟ ☞ ✒ ✒ ☛ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✒ ✌ ❡
✌ ✖ ✍ ✟ ✞ ✌ ☛ ✞ ♥ ✞ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ☛ ❝ ✡ ✍ ✒ ☛ ♥ ♠ ✞ ✡ ♠ ✍ ✎ ☛ ♥ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ❝ ☞ ✙
✡ ✞ ✞ ✜ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ☛ ❝ ✉ ✡ ☞ ✏ ✡ ✙ ✒ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✳ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✞ ✎ ✉ ❝ ✌ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ☛ ❝ ✡ ✍ ✒
✟ ✞ ♠ ✍ ✭ ☞ ❝ ✜ ✌ ✞ ✭ ☞ ❝ ✜ ✛ ☛ ✌ ✖ ✌ ✖ ✍ ☛ ✏ ❝ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✕ ✟ ☞ ✒ ✒
✏ ✍ ✟ ☞ ☛ ♥ ☛ ♥ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✛ ♥ ☛ ♥ ❞ ☛ ✘ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✦ ❢ ✤ ✭ ★ ✓
❤ ♥ ✟ ☞ ♥ ✙ ✠ ✏ ✞ ✭ ✡ ✍ ✟ ✒ ✞ ♥ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✞ ✕
✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ☛ ❝ ✡ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✒ ☛ ♥ ✌ ✖ ✍ ☞ ✭ ✞ ♠ ✍ ✏ ☞ ✎ ☛ ✞ ☞ ❝ ✌ ☛ ♠ ✍ ✎ ✍ ❝ ☞ ✙
✠ ✏ ✞ ✭ ✡ ✍ ✟ ❡ ☛ ✌ ☛ ✒ ❝ ✞ ♥ ♠ ✍ ♥ ☛ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✌ ✞ ✛ ✞ ✏ ✜ ☛ ♥ ✌ ✖ ✍ ❝ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✏ ✍
✞ ✕ ✟ ☞ ✒ ✒ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✟ ✍ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✖ ☞ ♥ ☛ ♥ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✡ ☞ ✭ ✞ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✞ ✏ ✙
✕ ✏ ☞ ✟ ✍ ✞ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✏ ✍ ♥ ❝ ✍ ✓
❤ ♥ ☞ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✞ ♥ ✞ ✟ ✙ ❡ ✭ ☛ ♥ ☞ ✏ ✙ ✤ ✎ ✞ ✉ ✭ ✡ ✍ ★ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✒ ☛ ✒ ☞
❝ ✞ ✟ ✟ ✞ ♥ ✞ ❝ ❝ ✉ ✏ ✏ ✍ ♥ ❝ ✍ ✓ ❤ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✍ ☞ ✏ ✍ ♥ ✞ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✏ ♥ ☞ ✡
✕ ✞ ✏ ❝ ✍ ✒ ❡ ✌ ✖ ✍ ❝ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✕ ✟ ☞ ✒ ✒ ✞ ✕ ☞ ✎ ✞ ✉ ✭ ✡ ✍ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✏
✟ ✞ ♠ ✍ ✒ ✡ ☛ ✜ ✍ ☞ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ☛ ❝ ✡ ✍ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✛ ♥ ☛ ♥ ❞ ☛ ✘ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✦
✐
✤ ☞ ★ ✓ ❚ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✍ ❝ ✌ ✞ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✒ ✞ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✛ ✞ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✒ ✞ ✕ ✍ ✣ ✉ ☞ ✡
✟ ☞ ✒ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✞ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✛ ♥ ☛ ♥ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✕ ☛ ✘ ✉ ✏ ✍ ✳ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✙ ✡ ✞ ✞ ✜
❝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ❝ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✓ ❤ ✕ ✛ ✍ ✘ ✞ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✖ ✍ ❝ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✕ ✟ ☞ ✒ ✒
✕ ✏ ☞ ✟ ✍ ❡ ✌ ✖ ✍ ♥ ✛ ✍ ✕ ☛ ♥ ✎ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✛ ✞ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✒
☞ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✞ ♠ ☛ ♥ ✘ ☛ ♥ ☞ ❝ ☛ ✏ ❝ ✡ ✍ ❡ ☞ ✭ ✞ ✉ ✌ ✌ ✖ ✍ ❝ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✕
✟ ☞ ✒ ✒ ❡ ✛ ✖ ☛ ❝ ✖ ☛ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✓ ❥ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✠ ✞ ✒ ☛ ✌ ☛ ✞ ♥
✞ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✒ ✖ ☞ ♠ ✍ ✌ ✞ ✭ ✍ ✎ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✍ ✌ ✏ ☛ ❝ ☞ ✡ ✡ ✙ ✞ ✠ ✠ ✞ ✒ ☛ ✌ ✍
✌ ✞ ✍ ☞ ❝ ✖ ✞ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✏ ❜ ❞ ☛ ✘ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✦
✐
✤ ✭ ★ ❣ ✓ ❚ ✖ ✉ ✒ ☛ ♥ ✞ ✉ ✏ ✕ ✏ ☞ ✟ ✍
✞ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✏ ✍ ♥ ❝ ✍ ❡ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✍ ❝ ✌ ✞ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✒ ✞ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✍ ☞
❝ ✞ ✟ ✭ ☛ ♥ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✞ ♥ ✞ ✕ ✤ ☛ ★ ✉ ♥ ☛ ✕ ✞ ✏ ✟ ✟ ✞ ✌ ☛ ✞ ♥ ☛ ♥ ☞ ✒ ✌ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✘ ✖ ✌
✡ ☛ ♥ ✍ ✞ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✍ ❝ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✕ ✟ ☞ ✒ ✒ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✤ ☛ ☛ ★ ❝ ☛ ✏ ❝ ✉ ✡ ☞ ✏
✞ ✏ ✭ ☛ ✌ ✒ ✞ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✭ ✞ ✉ ✌ ✌ ✖ ✍ ❝ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✕ ✟ ☞ ✒ ✒ ✓
❴
✒ ❝ ☞ ♥ ✭ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✍ ♥ ✕ ✏ ✞ ✟ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✛ ✞ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✒ ❡
s ❦ q r t r ✈ ✇ ④ ⑤
✌ ✖ ✍ ✟ ✞ ✌ ☛ ✞ ♥ ✞ ✕ ✎ ☛ ✕ ✕ ✍ ✏ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✞ ✕ ☞
✒ ✙ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✟ ☛ ♥ ✌ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✌ ☛ ✞ ♥
⑥ ⑦ ✈⑧ ❦ ⑨ ❦ ④ ✈t ❦ ⑥ ⑦ ⑩ r s s r ④ ❶
⑩ ⑥ ✈ ✇ ⑥ ④ r ❷ ⑥ ❸ ✈ ✈ ⑧ ❦ ⑨ ❦ ④ ✈t ❦ ⑥ ⑦ ⑩ r s s
☛ ✒ ☞ ♠ ✍ ✏ ✙
✉ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✉ ✡ ✌ ✍ ❝ ✖ ♥ ☛ ✣ ✉ ✍ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✡ ✠ ✒ ☛ ♥ ✉ ♥ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✒ ✌ ☞ ♥ ✎ ☛ ♥ ✘
✌ ✖ ✍ ✟ ✞ ✌ ☛ ✞ ♥ ✞ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✓
❹ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❽ ❾❿ ➀ ➁ ✮ ➁ ➀ ➂ ➃❾❿ ➀ ➄ ❿ ➅ ➀ ❼ ❽ ❾ ❿ ➀ ➁ ➆
➇
✍ ☞ ✏ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✏ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✙ ✕ ☞ ✟ ☛ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✛ ☛ ✌ ✖ ♠ ✍ ❝ ✌ ✞ ✏ ✒ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✌ ✖ ✍ ☛ ✏
✉ ✒ ✍ ☛ ♥ ✠ ✖ ✙ ✒ ☛ ❝ ✒ ✓ ❤ ♥ ❝ ✖ ☞ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✏
➈
✤
➇
✞ ✏ ✜ ❡ ✢ ♥ ✍ ✏ ✘ ✙ ❡
✩ ✞ ✛ ✍ ✏ ★ ✛ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✕ ☛ ♥ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✖ ✍ ✒ ❝ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✏ ✞ ✎ ✉ ❝ ✌ ✞ ✕ ✌ ✛ ✞
♠ ✍ ❝ ✌ ✞ ✏ ✒ ✓
❴
♥ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✌ ☞ ♥ ✌ ✠ ✖ ✙ ✒ ☛ ❝ ☞ ✡ ✣ ✉ ☞ ♥ ✌ ☛ ✌ ✙ ❡ ✛ ✞ ✏ ✜ ❡
☛ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✕ ☛ ♥ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✒ ❝ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✏ ✞ ✎ ✉ ❝ ✌ ✞ ✕ ✌ ✛ ✞ ♠ ✍ ❝ ✌ ✞ ✏
✣ ✉ ☞ ♥ ✌ ☛ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✞ ✏ ❝ ✍ ☞ ♥ ✎ ✎ ☛ ✒ ✠ ✡ ☞ ❝ ✍ ✟ ✍ ♥ ✌ ✓
❑ ❅ ▼ ❑
♦
▼
❋ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✼✾ ➉ ❀ ❁ ❂
❲
❙ ❅ ➊ ❄● ◗ ❘ ❙ ❖ ❄ ❏ ❘
❩
◗ ❪ ❘ ❏ ◗❅ ❙ ❏➋ ➌
➍
❑ ❯ ❘ ◗◗ ❄❯
■ ❖ ❉ ❄ ▼ ❅ ❉ ❯ ➌
➎
❑ ❏ ❘ ■ ❖ ❯ ■ ❖ ❉ ❄ ▼
❩
❘ ❙
❬
❖ ❉ ❧ ❅
♦
❖ ❉ ❅ ❙ ❈ ❏ ❈ ❏ ◗ ❄
❬
❪ ❖ ◗ ❃ ◗ ❃ ❄❖ ❙ ● ❄ ❉ ◗❙ ❄ ❘
❩
❬
❅ ❏❏
❳
❖ ❉ ❊ ❉ ❖
❩
❘❙
❬ ❬
❘◗ ❖ ❘ ❉
❱
❀ ❭ ❂
❲
❃ ❄ ❏ ❅
❬
❄
♦
❖ ❉ ❅ ❙ ❈ ❏ ❈ ❏ ◗ ❄
❬
➋ ❪ ❖ ◗ ❃ ◗ ❃ ❄
● ❄❉ ◗ ❙ ❄ ❘
❩ ❬
❅ ❏❏
❳
❅ ◗ ❙ ❄ ❏◗
❱
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✺ ✶
❲ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✑ ❡ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒
✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✖ ✌ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✌ ✎ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✒ ✖ ✳ ✙ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✗
q ♦ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✖ ❡ ✌ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✌ ✗ ♦ ✔ ✢ ✒ ✕ ✘ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✳ ✒ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✣
✑ ✎ ✳ ❡ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✳ ✒ ✳ ❡ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✘ ✚ ❡ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✎ ✑ ❝ ♦ ✏ ✎ ✘
✳ ✒ ✳ ❡ ✑ ✗ ♦ ✳ ✣ ✎ ✘ ❡ ✔ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✑ ❡ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✗ ✌ ✛
❉ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✧ ✦ ★ ✦ ✩ ✧ ✩ ✥ ✪ ✤ ✫ ★ ✩ ✬ ✭ ✬ ✩ ✮ ✯ ✫ ★
❆ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✌ ❛ ✎ ✑ ✔ ❜ ✖ ✌ ✎
✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✫ ✌ ♦ ✚ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✗
✰ ✖ ✱ ✳ ✎ ❝ ✑ ✖ ✗ ♦ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✫ ❂ ✲
s ✴ ✵✷ ✸ ✹✻
✓ ✍ ❡ ✘ ❡ ✎ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✼
✎ ✘ ❡ ✳ ✎ ❝ ✑ ✖ ✗ ♦ ✔ ❡ ✌ ✒ ✕ ❛ ✎ ✑ ✔ ❜ ✎ ✑ ✔
✽
✖ ✌ ✗ ✍ ❡
✎ ✑ ❝ ✏ ❡ ✼ ❡ ✗ ✓ ❡ ❡ ✑ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✛
✰ ✖ ✖ ✱ ✫ ✖ ✌ ✙ ❡ ✘ ✙ ❡ ✑ ✔ ✖ ✚ ♦ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✙ ✏ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✖ ✑ ✖ ✑ ❝
❛ ✎ ✑ ✔ ❜ ✛
✰ ✖ ✖ ✖ ✱ ✖ ✕ ✓ ❡ ✗ ✎
✇
❡ ✎ ✘ ✖ ❝ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✔ ❡ ✔ ✌ ✚ ✘ ❡ ✓ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✍ ✖ ✗ ✌ ✍ ❡ ✎ ✔
✏ ✢ ✖ ✑ ❝ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✙ ✏ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✒ ✕ ❛ ✎ ✑ ✔ ❜ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✌ ✚ ✘ ❡ ✓
✙ ❡ ✘ ✙ ❡ ✑ ✔ ✖ ✚ ♦ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✍ ✖ ✌ ✙ ✏ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✣ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✖ ✕ ✓ ❡ ✗ ♦ ✘ ✑
✗ ✍ ❡ ✍ ❡ ✎ ✔ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✘ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✕ ✘ ✒ ✳ ❛ ✗ ✒ ❜ ✣ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✑
✗ ✍ ❡ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✌ ✚ ✘ ❡ ✓ ✎ ✔ ✈ ✎ ✑ ✚ ❡ ✌ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✘ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑
✒ ✕ ✫ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✖ ✌ ✘ ✖ ❝ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✔ ❡ ✔ ✌ ✚ ✘ ❡ ✓ ✘ ♦ ✏ ❡ ✖ ✌
✖ ✏ ✏ ♦ ✌ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✗ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✑
✐
✖ ❝ ✛
✾
✛
✿ ❀
✎ ✛
❆ ✏ ✗ ❡ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✗ ❡ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✕ ✒ ✑ ❡ ✚ ♦ ✘ ✏ ✌ ♦ ✙ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✑ ❝ ❡ ✘ ✌ ✒ ✕
✘ ✖ ❝ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✎ ✘ ✒ ♦ ✑ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✑ ❡ ✙ ❡ ✘ ✙ ❡ ✑ ✔ ✖ ✚ ♦ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✍ ❡
✙ ✏ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✌ ❛ ✎ ✑ ✔ ❜ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✑ ❝ ❡ ✘ ✌
✎ ✘ ❡ ✚ ♦ ✘ ✏ ❡ ✔ ♦ ✙ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✘ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✕ ✘ ✒ ✳ ❛ ✗ ✒ ❜ ✣ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✑
✗ ✍ ❡ ✌ ✗ ✘ ❡ ✗ ✚ ✍ ❡ ✔ ✗ ✍ ♦ ✳ ✼ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✘ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✕
✫ ✣ ✎ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✖ ✑
✐
✖ ❝ ✛
✾
✛
✿ ❀
✼ ✛
✰ ✎ ✱ ✰ ✼ ✱
❋ ❁ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❄ ❇❈ ❊ ●❍ ❘ ■ ❏ ❑ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖ ❑ P ◗ ❯ ❖ ◆ ❖ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❑ ❨ ❩ ❬ P ❑❭ ▼ ▲ P
❨ ❑ ▼ ◗ ❳ ◗ ❳ ❯ ◆ ❖ ❑ ❨ ◗ P ❑❬ ◆ ◗ ▲ ❳ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖ ❑ ❪ ❑ ❬ ◆▲ P
♣
P ▲❨ ■ ❬ ◆ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❭▲ ❪ ❑ ❬ ◆▲P ❩
❫
❊ ❴ ❍ ❘ ■ ❏ ❑ ▲▼ ◆❖ ❑ P ◗ ❯ ❖ ◆ ❖ ❱ ❳ ❨ ▼▲ P ❨ ❑▼ ◗ ❳ ◗ ❳ ❯ ◆❖ ❑
❨ ◗ P ❑ ❬ ◆ ◗ ▲❳ ▲▼ ◆ ❖ ❑ ❪ ❑❬ ◆ ▲P
♣
P ▲❨ ■ ❬ ◆
❫
❆ ✌ ✖ ✳ ✙ ✏ ❡ ✘ ✈ ❡ ✘ ✌ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✘ ✖ ❝ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✘ ♦ ✏ ❡ ✖ ✌
✗ ✍ ❡ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✑ ❝ t ❵ ✙ ❡ ✑ ♦ ✙ ✢ ✒ ♦ ✘ ✘ ✖ ❝ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✳
✎ ✑ ✔ ✚ ♦ ✘ ✏ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✑ ❝ ❡ ✘ ✌ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✑ ❝ ✕ ✘ ✒ ✳ ❛ ✗ ✒ ❜ ✛ ❞ ✒ ♦ ✘
✌ ✗ ✘ ❡ ✗ ✚ ✍ ❡ ✔ ✗ ✍ ♦ ✳ ✼ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✘ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✫ ✛
❢ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✔ ✼ ❡ ✘ ❡ ✳ ❡ ✳ ✼ ❡ ✘ ❡ ✔ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✘ ❡ ✎ ✘ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✒
✎ ✑ ❝ ✏ ❡ ✌ ✼ ❡ ✗ ✓ ❡ ❡ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✌ ❛ ✎ ✑ ✔ ❜ ✛ ❢ ✑
✐
✖ ❝ ✛
✾
✛
✿ ❀
✰ ✎ ✱ ✒ ✘ ✰ ✼ ✱ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✢ ✚ ✒ ✘ ✘ ❡ ✌ ✙ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✒ ❣ ✰ ✎ ✌
✌ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✱ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✰
❤ ❥ ❦
❧
➊
❣ ✱ ✛ ❲ ✍ ✖ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✢ ✖ ✑ ❝ ❡ ✖ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✘ ✒ ✕
✗ ✍ ❡ ✎ ✼ ✒ ✈ ❡ ✘ ♦ ✏ ❡ ✌ ✣ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✘ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✔ ✼ ❡ ✗ ✎
✇
❡ ✑
✗ ✍ ✘ ✒ ♦ ❝ ✍ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✌ ✳ ✎ ✏ ✏ ❡ ✘ ✎ ✑ ❝ ✏ ❡ ✰ ♠
✿
♥
❦
❧
✱ ✼ ❡ ✗ ✓ ❡ ❡ ✑ ❛
✎ ✑ ✔ ❜ ✛ ❢ ✗ ✖ ✌ ❣ ✍ ❡ ✘ ❡ ✛
r
❡ ✚ ✎ ♦ ✌ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✚ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✌ ♦ ✌ ❡ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✔ ❡ ✑ ✒ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✍ ❡
✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✘ ❡ ✕ ❡ ✘ ✘ ❡ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✌ ✚ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✌
✙ ✘ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✗ ✛
⑨ ✉
✒ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✌ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✖ ✌
✚ ✒ ✳ ✳ ♦ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✖ ✈ ❡ ✎ ✌ ✌ ✎ ✖ ✔ ❡ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✖ ❡ ✘ ✣ ❛ ✛ ❜ ❂ ❜ ① ❛
✜ ✍ ❡ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✗ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✓ ❡ ✈ ❡ ✘ ✣ ✖ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✗
✚ ✒ ✳ ✳ ♦ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✖ ✈ ❡ ✣ ✖ ✛ ❡ ✛ ❛ ② ❜ ③ ❜ ② ❛
✜ ✍ ❡ ✳ ✎ ❝ ✑ ✖ ✗ ♦ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✼ ✒ ✗ ✍ ❛ ② ❜ ✎ ✑ ✔ ❜ ② ❛ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✍ ❡
✌ ✎ ✳ ❡ ✰
s ✴ ✵✷ ✸ ✹
✱ ④ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✣ ✼ ✒ ✗ ✍ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✳ ✎ ✘ ❡
✙ ❡ ✘ ✙ ❡ ✑ ✔ ✖ ✚ ♦ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✙ ✏ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✒ ✕ ❛ ✎ ✑ ✔ ❜ ✛
r
♦ ✗ ✗ ✍ ❡
✘ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✘ ✖ ❝ ✍ ✗
⑤
✍ ✎ ✑ ✔ ❡ ✔ ✌ ✚ ✘ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✑ ✚ ✎ ✌ ❡ ✒ ✕
❛ ② ❜ ✖ ✌ ✕ ✘ ✒ ✳ ❛ ✗ ✒ ❜ ✣ ✓ ✍ ❡ ✘ ❡ ✎ ✌ ✖ ✑ ✚ ✎ ✌ ❡ ✒ ✕ ❜ ② ❛ ✖ ✗
✖ ✌ ✕ ✘ ✒ ✳ ❜ ✗ ✒ ❛ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✖ ✌ ✳ ❡ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✎ ✘ ❡
✖ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✙ ✒ ✌ ✖ ✗ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✘ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✌ ✛ ❲ ❡ ✍ ✎ ✈ ❡
× ✻ ❾ ×⑥ ⑦ ⑦ ⑥
⑨
❆ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✘ ✖ ✑ ✗ ❡ ✘ ❡ ✌ ✗ ✖ ✑ ❝ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✙ ❡ ✘ ✗ ✢ ✒ ✕ ✎ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘
✙ ✘ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✌ ✖ ✗ ✌ ✼ ❡ ✍ ✎ ✈ ✖ ✒ ♦ ✘ ♦ ✑ ✔ ❡ ✘ ✘ ❡ ✕ ✏ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✛
⑧ ✑ ✔ ❡ ✘ ✘ ❡ ✕ ✏ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✰ ✖ ✛ ❡ ✛ ✒ ✑ ✗ ✎
✇
✖ ✑ ❝ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✳ ✖ ✘ ✘ ✒ ✘
✖ ✳ ✎ ❝ ❡ ✱ ✓ ❡ ✍ ✎ ✈ ❡
and ⑩❶ ❶ ❷ ❷ ❸ ❸❹ ❺ ❹ ❺ ❹ ❺
✛
❆ ✌ ✎ ✘ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✏ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✚ ✒ ✳ ✙ ✒ ✑ ❡ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✎ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘
✚ ✍ ✎ ✑ ❝ ❡ ✌ ✖ ❝ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✍ ♦ ✌
⑩❻ ❻❹ ❺
❼ ❼❽ ❿
✛
❲ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✙ ✙ ❡ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✒ ❛ ② ❜ ♦ ✑ ✔ ❡ ✘ ✘ ❡ ✕ ✏ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ➀
❛ ② ❜
➁ ➂ ➁ ➂➃ ➄ ➅ ➄ ➆ ➅➇ ➈ ➇ ➈
✜ ✍ ♦ ✌ ✣ ❛ ② ❜ ✔ ✒ ❡ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✑ ❝ ❡ ✌ ✖ ❝ ✑ ♦ ✑ ✔ ❡ ✘
✘ ❡ ✕ ✏ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✛
⑨ r
✒ ✗ ✍ ✌ ✚ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✘ ❡
✔ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✼ ♦ ✗ ✖ ✈ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✍ ✘ ❡ ✌ ✙ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✛
✜ ✍ ♦ ✌ ✣
➉
➁ ➂
➉ ➉➋
➆
➋
➇ ➈
➌
➇ ➈ ➇
➌
➍ ➎➏ ➐ ➑ ➏ ➐ ➏➒ ➓ ➔ ➒ ➓ ➒ ➔
⑨
❲ ❡ ✳ ✎ ✢ ✓ ✘ ✖ ✗ ❡ ✫ ❂ ❛ ② ❜ ✖ ✑ ✗ ✍ ❡ ✚ ✒ ✳ ✙ ✒ ✑ ❡ ✑ ✗
✕ ✒ ✘ ✳ ✛
✐
✒ ✘ ✗ ✍ ✖ ✌ ✓ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✌ ✗ ✑ ❡ ❡ ✔ ✗ ✒ ✒ ✼ ✗ ✎ ✖ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✳ ❡
❡ ✏ ❡ ✳ ❡ ✑ ✗ ✎ ✘ ✢ ✚ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✌ ✙ ✘ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✗ ✌ t
✰ ✖ ✱ ❛ ② ❛ ❂ → ✰ → ✖ ✌ ✎ ✑ ♦ ✏ ✏ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✣ ✖ ✛ ❡ ✛ ✎ ✈ ❡ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✘
✓ ✖ ✗ ✍ ➣ ❡ ✘ ✒ ✳ ✎ ❝ ✑ ✖ ✗ ♦ ✔ ❡ ✱
✜ ✍ ✖ ✌ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✌ ✖ ✑ ✚ ❡ ✳ ✎ ❝ ✑ ✖ ✗ ♦ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✕ ❛ ② ❛ ✖ ✌
↔
↕ ➙ ➛ ➜ ➜❻ ➦ ➝
✛

✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
✞
❋ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ♦ ✎ ✎ ♦ ✏ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✟ ✑ ✌ ❡ ✎ ✡ ✌
❼ ❼ ❼ ❼ ❼ ❼
✱ ✱× ✒ × ✒ × ✒✐ ✐ ✵ ❥ ❥ ✵ ❦ ❦ ✵
✭ ☞ ☞ ✓
✔ ✔ ✔
✕ ✖✗ ✘ ✙
◆
♦ ✡ ✑ ✡ ☛
✚
✡ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✠
✚ ✛ ✜
☞ ✡ ❡
✢
✑ ♦ ✍
✔ ✔
✕ ✗ ✘
☞ ✌ ✌ ☞
✜ ✥ ✣
✤
♦ ✟ ✦ ✧ ✌ ☞
✜
★ ✑
✩
✪
✚ ✜ ✢
❼
❥
✫ ♦ ✡ ☛ ☛
✚
✬ ✑ ❡
✜
☞ ✡
✠
✚ ✛ ✜
☞ ✡ ❡
✢
✑
✚ ✜ ✢
✡ ☛ ✑
✚ ✜ ✛
✎ ✑ ✫ ✑ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✑
✜
✡ ☛ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✌
✥ ✣
✤
✳
❚
☛ ❡ ✌ ✧
✔ ✔
✕ ✗ ✘
☞ ✌
✚
❡
✜
☞ ✡ ✬ ✑ ★ ✡ ♦ ✟ ✳
✮
❡
✜
☞ ✡ ✬ ✑ ★ ✡ ♦ ✟
♣ ✑ ✟ ♣ ✑
✜ ✢
☞ ★ ❡ ✎
✚
✟ ✡ ♦ ✡ ☛ ✑ ♣ ✎
✚ ✜
✑ ♦ ✍
✩
✪
✚ ✜ ✢
✔
✘
✚ ✜ ✢
✟ ✑ ✎
✚
✡ ✑
✢
✡ ♦ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✫ ✯ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✟ ☞
✛
☛ ✡ ☛
✚ ✜ ✢
✌ ★ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✟ ❡ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✌
✰
✲
✳ ✴ ✑
✜
★ ✑ ✧ ✡ ☛ ✑
✚
✫ ♦ ✬ ✑ ✟ ✑ ✌ ❡ ✎ ✡ ✳ ✷ ♦ ❡ ✠
✚
✯ ✬ ✑ ✟ ☞ ✍ ✯
✌ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✎
✚
✟ ✎ ✯ ✧
✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔
❛ ✸ ✹
✕ ✖ ✕ ✖✘ ✙ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✘
❋ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✟ ❡ ✎ ✑ ✍ ♦ ✟ ★ ♦ ✠ ✠ ❡ ✡
✚
✡ ☞ ♦
✜
♦ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✑ ★ ✟ ♦ ✌ ✌
♣ ✟ ♦
✢
❡ ★ ✡ ✧ ☞ ✡ ✍ ♦ ✎ ✎ ♦ ✏ ✌ ✺
✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔
✻ ✻✕ ✖ ❾ ✕ ✖ ❾ ✕ ✖ ❾✘ ✗ ✙ ✙ ✘ ✗ ✗ ✙ ✘
◆
♦ ✡ ✑ ☞ ✍
❼ ❼ ❼
✱ ✱ ✐❥ ❦
♦ ★ ★ ❡ ✟ ★ ✯ ★ ✎ ☞ ★
✚
✎ ✎ ✯ ☞
✜
✡ ☛ ✑
✚
✫ ♦ ✬ ✑
✬ ✑ ★ ✡ ♦ ✟ ♣ ✟ ♦
✢
❡ ★ ✡ ✟ ✑ ✎
✚
✡ ☞ ♦
✜
✧ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✬ ✑ ★ ✡ ♦ ✟ ♣ ✟ ♦
✢
❡ ★ ✡ ☞ ✌
♣ ♦ ✌ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✬ ✑ ✳ ✼ ✍
✔ ✔ ✔
✻ ✻ ✗✘ ✙
✢
♦
✜
♦ ✡ ♦ ★ ★ ❡ ✟ ☞
✜
★ ✯ ★ ✎ ☞ ★ ♦ ✟
✢
✑ ✟ ✧
✡ ☛ ✑ ✬ ✑ ★ ✡ ♦ ✟ ♣ ✟ ♦
✢
❡ ★ ✡ ☞ ✌
✜
✑
✛ ✚
✡ ☞ ✬ ✑ ✳
◆
♦ ✏ ✧
✽ ✽ ✽ ✽ ✽ ✽
✾ ✿ ✾ ✿
① ❀ ③ ① ❀ ③
❁ ❁ ❁ ❜ ❜ ❜❂ ❃ ❄ ❄ ❂ ❄ ❄❅ ❆ ❇ ❈ ❉ ❇ ❈ ❉
✽ ✽ ✽ ✽ ✽ ✽
① ❀ ① ③ ❀ ① ❀ ③ ③ ① ③ ❀
❁ ❜ ❁ ❜ ❁ ❜ ❁ ❜ ❁ ❜ ❁ ❜❃ ❊ ❊ ❄ ❄ ❊❉ ❈ ❉ ❇ ❈ ❇
● ● ●
❍ ■ ❍ ■ ❍ ■
② ❏ ❏ ❑ ❏ ❑ ❑ ❏ ❑ ② ② ❑
▲ ▼ ▲ ▼ ▲ ▼ ▲ ▼ ▲ ▼ ▲ ▼❖ ◗ ❘ ◗ ❘ ◗❙ ❯ ❱
❲ ✑ ☛
✚
✬ ✑ ❡ ✌ ✑
✢
✡ ☛ ✑ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✠ ✑
✜
✡
✚
✟ ✯ ★ ✟ ♦ ✌ ✌ ♣ ✟ ♦
✢
❡ ★ ✡ ✌
☞
✜
♦ ✫ ✡
✚
☞
✜
☞
✜ ✛
✡ ☛ ✑
✚
✫ ♦ ✬ ✑ ✟ ✑ ✎
✚
✡ ☞ ♦
✜
✳
❚
☛ ✑ ✑ ❳ ♣ ✟ ✑ ✌ ✌ ☞ ♦
✜
✍ ♦ ✟ ❨ ❩ ❬ ★
✚ ✜
✫ ✑ ♣ ❡ ✡ ☞
✜ ✚ ✢
✑ ✡ ✑ ✟ ✠ ☞
✜ ✚ ✜
✡ ✍ ♦ ✟ ✠
✏ ☛ ☞ ★ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✑
✚
✌ ✯ ✡ ♦ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✫ ✑ ✟ ✳
✽ ✽ ✽
① ❀ ③
① ❀ ③
❁ ❁ ❁
❜ ❜ ❜
❂ ❃
❇ ❈ ❉
❅ ❆
❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❝ ❞ ❢ ❣ ❤ ❧ ♠♥ q r s t ✉ ✈ ✇ ④ ✇ ⑤ ✇ ♥ q ⑥ t ✈ r ⑦ ⑤
⑧ ⑤ ⑦ q ⑨ ✈ r ✉ ⑦ ⑩ r ❶ ⑦ ⑥ t ✈ r ⑦ ⑤ ✉ ❷ ❨ ❸ ✭ ❹ ❺
❻
➊ ❽ ❿
❻
➀ ➁ ➂
❻
✓
✇ ♥ q ❬ ➃ ➄ ➅ ➆ ❺
❻
➇ ❿
❻
➅ ➈ ➂
❻
➉
➋ ➌ ➍ ➎
❞
➏
➐ ➐ ➐ ➐ ➐ ➐
➑ ➒ ➓ ➔ → ➑ ➣ ➒ →
↔
➓
↕
➔
➣ ➔
➙ ➛ ➜ ➛ ➜ ➛
➙ ➛ ➛ ➛
➙ ➛
➝ ➞ ➟ ➠ ➡ ➟ ➠ ➡gg
✽ ✽ ✽
✽ ✽ ✽
➢ ➤ ➥ ➦ ➥
➧ ➨ ➢
❂ ❃ ❊ ❃ ❊ ❊
❊ ❊
❇ ❈ ❉
❅ ❆ ❇ ❈ ❉
◆
♦ ✡ ✑
❼ ❼ ❼
➩ ➫× ✒ ➭ ➯ ➯➲ ➳ ✐ ❥ ❦
➵
➸ ➺ ➻ ➼ ➽ ➾ ➚ ➪ ➼ ➶ ➹ ➘ ➪ ➴ ➷ ➬ ➮ ➱ ➼ ➽ ✃ ➬ ➮ ❐
➶ ➘ ➪ ➼ ➮ ➬ ➴ ➽ ❒ ➬ ➮ ❮ ➪ ➬ ➽ ➘ ➼ ➶ ➹ ➘ ➪ ➴ ➷ ➬ ➮ ➱
✼
✜
✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✑ ★ ✡ ☞ ♦
✜
✏ ✑ ✌ ☛
✚
✎ ✎ ✌ ✡ ❡
✢
✯ ✏ ☛
✚
✡ ☞ ✌
✚ ✜ ✛
❡ ✎
✚
✟
✬ ✑ ✎ ♦ ★ ☞ ✡ ✯
✚ ✜ ✢
☞ ✡ ✌ ✟ ♦ ✎ ✑ ☞
✜
✟ ♦ ✡
✚
✡ ☞ ♦
✜ ✚
✎ ✠ ♦ ✡ ☞ ♦
✜
✳ ❲ ✑
☛
✚
✬ ✑ ✌ ✑ ✑
✜
✡ ☛
✚
✡ ✑ ✬ ✑ ✟ ✯ ♣
✚
✟ ✡ ☞ ★ ✎ ✑ ♦ ✍
✚
✟ ♦ ✡
✚
✡ ☞
✜ ✛
✫ ♦
✢
✯
✠ ♦ ✬ ✑ ✌ ☞
✜ ✚
★ ☞ ✟ ★ ✎ ✑ ✳
❚
☛ ✑ ✎ ☞
✜
✑
✚
✟ ✬ ✑ ✎ ♦ ★ ☞ ✡ ✯ ♦ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✑
♣
✚
✟ ✡ ☞ ★ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✎
✚
✡ ✑
✢
✡ ♦ ✡ ☛ ✑
✚ ✜ ✛
❡ ✎
✚
✟ ✬ ✑ ✎ ♦ ★ ☞ ✡ ✯ ✳
❚
☛ ✑
✟ ✑ ✎
✚
✡ ☞ ♦
✜
✫ ✑ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✑
✜
✡ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✑ ✡ ✏ ♦
❰
❡
✚ ✜
✡ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✌ ☞
✜
✬ ♦ ✎ ✬ ✑ ✌
✚
✬ ✑ ★ ✡ ♦ ✟ ♣ ✟ ♦
✢
❡ ★ ✡ ✏ ☛ ☞ ★ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✑
✚
✟
✜
✡
✚
✫ ♦ ❡ ✡ ☞
✜
✡ ☛ ✑
✎
✚
✌ ✡ ✌ ✑ ★ ✡ ☞ ♦
✜
✳
Ï
✑ ✡ ❡ ✌
✛
♦ ✫
✚
★
Ð
✡ ♦ ❋ ☞
✛
✳
Ñ
✳ ❽ ✳
✮
✌ ✌
✚
☞
✢ ✚
✫ ♦ ✬ ✑ ✧ ☞
✜
✟ ♦ ✡
✚
✡ ☞ ♦
✜ ✚
✎ ✠ ♦ ✡ ☞ ♦
✜
♦ ✍
✚
✟ ☞
✛
☞
✢
✫ ♦
✢
✯
✚
✫ ♦ ❡ ✡
✚
✍ ☞ ❳ ✑
✢
✚
❳ ☞ ✌ ✧ ✑ ✬ ✑ ✟ ✯ ♣
✚
✟ ✡ ☞ ★ ✎ ✑ ♦ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✫ ♦
✢
✯ ✠ ♦ ✬ ✑ ✌ ☞
✜ ✚
★ ☞ ✟ ★ ✎ ✑ ✧
Ò Ó Ô Õ Ö ÕØÙ Ú ÛÜ Ý Ü Þ Û ß Ý à Ûá Ü Ý â Þ ãä å Ý ãÞ æç è é ê Ý ë Ü Þ ì í ä è î ï
Û â Üð ä ë Þ ñ Þ å à Û å ò ë ÛÜ Ý Ü Þ ß ñ Ý à Ûá Ü Üð ä â Þ ãä å
è
ó ô
ï Ý ãÞ æ
õ
Û
ö
ä æ Þ ß Ý ì Þ ë ì í ä
÷
Þ Üð ì ä ß Üë ä è
ø
ï
Û ß Üð ä Ý ãÞ æç ï
✏ ☛ ☞ ★ ☛ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✌ ☞
✜ ✚
♣ ✎
✚ ✜
✑ ♣ ✑ ✟ ♣ ✑
✜ ✢
☞ ★ ❡ ✎
✚
✟ ✡ ♦ ✡ ☛ ✑
✚
❳ ☞ ✌
✚ ✜ ✢
☛
✚
✌ ☞ ✡ ✌ ★ ✑
✜
✡ ✟ ✑ ♦
✜
✡ ☛ ✑
✚
❳ ☞ ✌ ✳ ✼
✜
❋ ☞
✛
✳
Ñ
✳ ✦
ù
✏ ✑
✟ ✑
✢
✟
✚
✏ ❋ ☞
✛
✳
Ñ
✳ ❽ ✧ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✏ ☞
✜ ✛ ✚
✡ ✯ ♣ ☞ ★
✚
✎ ♣
✚
✟ ✡ ☞ ★ ✎ ✑ ✭
✚
✡
✚
♣ ♦ ☞
✜
✡ ú ✓ ♦ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✟ ☞
✛
☞
✢
✫ ♦
✢
✯ ✟ ♦ ✡
✚
✡ ☞
✜ ✛ ✚
✫ ♦ ❡ ✡
✚
✍ ☞ ❳ ✑
✢
✚
❳ ☞ ✌ ✭ ✡
✚ Ð
✑
✜ ✚
✌ ✡ ☛ ✑
û ü ✚
❳ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✳
❚
☛ ✑ ♣
✚
✟ ✡ ☞ ★ ✎ ✑
✢
✑ ✌ ★ ✟ ☞ ✫ ✑ ✌
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✺ ✸
❛ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✓ ❛ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✏ ❡ ✕ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✏ ✎ ❛ ✚ ✍ ✛ ✗
✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✍ ✗
r ✱
✒ ✓ ✏
✜
✏ ✎
✜
✏ ✔ ✚ ✍ ✌ ✛ ❝ ❛ ✎ ✚ ✍ ✗ ✒ ❛ ✔ ✌ ✏ ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏
✜
✕ ✍ ✔ ✒ t
♦
✎ ✕ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✘ ✣ ✏ ❛ ❝ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✏
❝ ✍ ✔ ✏ ❛ ✎ ❧ ✏ ❝ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✤ ❧ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✎ ✈ ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ❛ ✒ t ✘ ✥ ✒ ✍ ✗
❛ ❝ ✕ ✔
✦
✒ ✓ ✏ ✒ ❛ ✔
✦
✏ ✔ ✒ ❛ ✒ t ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✘
▲ ✏ ✒ t ✧ ★ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✏
✜
✕ ✗ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✔ ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ❛
♦
✒ ✏ ✎ ❛ ✔
✍ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✎ ❧ ❛ ❝ ✕
♦
✒ ✍ ✢ ✏ ✩✪ ✭ ✫ ✍
✦
✘ ✬ ✘ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✔
✦
❝ ✏ t ❡ t ✧
✚ ✏ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✍ ★ ✏ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✔
✦
✛ ❝ ❛ ✎ ✚ ✍ ✗
✜
❝ ❛ ✌ ✏ ✢ ✏ ✔ ✒ ✩
✲
✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✢ ✏ ✩✪ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✏ ❛ ❧ ✏ ✎ ❛
✦
✏ ❛ ✔
✦
✛ ❝ ❛ ✎ ❧ ✏ ❝ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✤
✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✕ ❧ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✎ ❧ ❛ ❝ ✩✪ ✍ ✗ ✩
✲
✴ ✩✪ ✳ ✵ ✗
✩ ✪ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✕
✷
✏ ✎ ✕ ✭ ✍ ✘ ✏ ✘ ✒ ❛
✹
✏ ✗ ✗ ✢ ❛ ❝ ❝ ✏ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✚ ✗ ✢ ❛ ❝ ❝ ✏ ✎
❧ ❛ ❝ ✛ ✏ ✗ ✰
✱
✒ ✓ ✏ ✎ ❛ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✩
✲
✴ ✩✪ ❛
✜ ✜
✎ ✕ ❛ ✌ ✓ ✏ ✗ ❛ ❝ ✍ ✢ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✓
✍ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✔ ✗ ✒ ❛ ✔ ✒ ❛ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✛ ✗ ❛ ✔
✦
✛ ❝ ❛ ✎ ❧ ✏ ❝ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✤ ✚
✲
✴ ✚ ✪ ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ❛ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✏
✜
✕ ✗ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✔ t ✘ ✣ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✏
✐ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✻ ✽ ✾ ✻ ✿ ❀ ❁ ✼ ✾ ✻ ❂ ❁ ❃ ✾ ❄ ✈ ✿ ❃ ❀ ❅ ✐ ✽❆ ★ ✤ ❇ ✭ ✒ ✓ ✏
●
✎ ✏ ✏
✹
❝ ✏ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✕ ✢ ✏
✦
❛ ✰ ✘ ✣ ✏
✹
✔ ✕ ✑
♦
✎ ✕ ✢ ✕ ✛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✛ ✚ ✤
✕
♦
✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✛ ❝ ❛ ✎ ✢ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✔ ✒ ✓ ❛ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✢ ❛
✦
✔ ✍ ✒ ✛ ✚ ✏ ✕
♦
❝ ✍ ✔ ✏ ❛ ✎
❧ ✏ ❝ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✤ ❈ ✕
♦
❛
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✢ ✕ ❧ ✍ ✔
✦
✍ ✔ ❛ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✍ ✗
✎ ✏ ❝ ❛ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✔
✦
✛ ❝ ❛ ✎ ❧ ✏ ❝ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✤ ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ❇
★ ✤ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✢
✜
❝ ✏ ✎ ✏ ❝ ❛ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✔
❉❊ ❋ ❍
✱
✑ ✓ ✏ ✎ ✏
r
✍ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✏
✎ ❛ ✚ ✍ ✛ ✗ ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✘
✣ ✏ ✕ ★ ✗ ✏ ✎ ❧ ✏ ✒ ✓ ❛ ✒ ❛ ✒ ❛ ✔ ✤
✦
✍ ❧ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✔ ✗ ✒ ❛ ✔ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✏
✎ ✏ ❝ ❛ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✔
■ ❉ ❋ ❍
❛
✜ ✜
❝ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✒ ✕ ❛ ❝ ❝
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✗ ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏
✎ ✍
✦
✍ ✚ ★ ✕ ✚ ✤ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✛ ✗
♦
✕ ✎ ❛
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ❛ ✒ ❛
✜
✏ ✎
✜
✏ ✔ ✚ ✍ ✌ ✛ ❝ ❛ ✎
✚ ✍ ✗ ✒ ❛ ✔ ✌ ✏
r
❏
♦
✎ ✕ ✢ ✒ ✓ ✏
♦
✍ ✖ ✏ ✚ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✗
✱
✒ ✓ ✏ ❝ ✍ ✔ ✏ ❛ ✎ ❧ ✏ ❝ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✤
❛ ✒ ❛
✦
✍ ❧ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✔ ✗ ✒ ❛ ✔ ✒ ❈
❏
✍ ✗
✦
✍ ❧ ✏ ✔ ★ ✤
❑ ❑
■ ❉ ❋ ❍
✭ ✬ ✘ ✮
▼
✰
✙ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✖
◆
✎ ✛ ✔ ✗
♦
✎ ✕ ✢ ✮ ✒ ✕
♥ ✱
✑ ✓ ✏ ✎ ✏
♥
✍ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✏
✒ ✕ ✒ ❛ ❝ ✔ ✛ ✢ ★ ✏ ✎ ✕
♦ ✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✗ ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏ ★ ✕ ✚ ✤ ✘
✫ ✕ ✎
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✗
✱
0❖r
✱
❛ ✔ ✚ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✏
❈ P ❇
r
P ◗ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✛ ✗
✱ ✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✗ ❛ ✎ ✏
✗ ✒ ❛ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✔ ❛ ✎ ✤ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✍ ✗ ❧ ✏ ✎ ✍
♦
✍ ✏ ✗ ✒ ✓ ❛ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✗ ❢
◆
❘ ❯ ❱ ✘
❲ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✓ ❛ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✛ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✗ ❛ ✢ ✏ ❛ ✔
✦
✛ ❝ ❛ ✎ ❧ ✏ ❝ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✤
❳
♦
✕ ✎ ❛ ❝ ❝ ✒ ✓ ✏
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✗ ✘ ❨ ✿ ✽ ❩ ✿ ❄✿ ❬ ❀ ❄✿ ❭ ❄ ✿ ❬ ✿ ❄ ✽ ❀
❪
❪ ✾ ✼ ✽ ❩ ✿ ✾ ✻ ❂ ❁ ❃ ✾ ❄ ✈ ✿ ❃ ❀ ❅ ✐ ✽ ❆ ❀ ❬ ✽❩ ✿ ❫ ❩ ❀ ❃ ✿ ❴ ❀ ❵ ❆ ✳
❨ ✿ ❩ ✾ ✈ ✿ ❅ ❩ ✾ ❄ ✾ ❅ ✽ ✿ ❄ ✐ ✼ ✿ ❵ ❜ ❁ ❄ ✿ ✽ ❄ ✾ ✻ ✼ ❃ ✾ ✽✐ ❀ ✻ ❀ ❬
✾ ❴ ❀ ❵ ❆ ❴ ❆ ✾ ❃ ❃ ❜ ✾ ❄✽ ✼ ❀ ❬ ✽ ❩ ✿ ❴ ❀ ❵ ❆ ❩ ✾ ✈ ✐ ✻ ❂ ✽ ❩ ✿ ✼ ✾
❞
✿
✈ ✿ ❃ ❀ ❅ ✐ ✽ ❆ ✾ ✽ ✾ ✻ ❆ ✐ ✻ ✼ ✽✾ ✻ ✽ ❀ ❬ ✽✐
❞
✿ ❣ ❤ ✐
❞
✐ ❃ ✾ ❄❃ ❆ ❭ ❫ ✿
❞
✾ ❆ ❅ ❩ ✾ ❄ ✾ ❅ ✽ ✿ ❄ ✐ ✼ ✿ ❜ ❁ ❄✿ ❄❀ ✽✾ ✽✐ ❀ ✻ ❴ ❆ ✾ ❃ ❃ ❜ ✾ ❄ ✽ ✼ ❀ ❬
✽ ❩ ✿ ❴ ❀ ❵ ❆ ❩ ✾ ✈ ✐ ✻ ❂ ✽ ❩ ✿ ✼ ✾
❞
✿ ✾ ✻ ❂ ❁ ❃ ✾ ❄ ✈ ✿ ❃ ❀ ❅ ✐ ✽ ❆ ✾ ✽
✾ ✻ ❆ ✐ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✻ ✽ ❀ ❬ ✽ ✐
❞
✿ ✳ ❲ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✓ ❛ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✗
✌ ✓ ❛ ✎ ❛ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✗ ❛ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✔ ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏ ✎ ✕ ✒ ❛ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✔ ✕
♦
❛ ✎ ✍
✦
✍ ✚ ★ ✕ ✚ ✤
❛ ★ ✕ ✛ ✒ ❛
♦
✍ ✖ ✏ ✚ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✗ ❥ ❁ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✻ ❀ ✽ ❩ ✿ ❄ ❫ ✾ ❆ ✕
♦
✗ ❛ ✤ ✍ ✔
✦
❛ ✗ ✍ ✔
❦
✏ ✌ ✘ ✬ ✘ ✮ ✒ ✓ ❛ ✒ ✏ ❛ ✌ ✓
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏ ★ ✕ ✚ ✤ ✢ ✕ ❧ ✏ ✗
✍ ✔ ❛ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✌ ❝ ✏
✱
✑ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✓ ❝ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✔ ❛
✜
❝ ❛ ✔ ✏
✜
✏ ✎
✜
✏ ✔ ✚ ✍ ✌ ✛ ❝ ❛ ✎
✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✗ ❛ ✔ ✚ ✓ ❛ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✘
✥ ✔ ✕ ✛ ✎ ✚ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✛ ✗ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✕
♦
❛ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✔
✦
✛ ❝ ❛ ✎ ❧ ✏ ❝ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✤
❛
✜ ✜
✏ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✕ ★ ✏ ❛ ✗ ✌ ❛ ❝ ❛ ✎ ✘ ✥ ✔
♦
❛ ✌ ✒
✱
✍ ✒ ✍ ✗ ❛ ❧ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✣ ✏
✗ ✓ ❛ ❝ ❝ ✔ ✕ ✒
s
✛ ✗ ✒ ✍
♦
✤ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✗
♦
❛ ✌ ✒
✱
★ ✛ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✗ ✓ ❛ ❝ ❝ ❛ ✌ ✌ ✏
✜
✒
✍ ✒ ✘ ✫ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✕ ✒ ❛ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✔ ❛ ★ ✕ ✛ ✒ ❛
♦
✍ ✖ ✏ ✚ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✗
✱
✒ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✔
✦
✛ ❝ ❛ ✎
❧ ✏ ❝ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✤ ❧ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✎ ❝ ✍ ✏ ✗ ❛ ❝ ✕ ✔
✦
✒ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✕
♦
✎ ✕ ✒ ❛ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✔
✱
❛ ✔ ✚
✜
✕ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✗ ✕ ✛ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✔ ✍ ✔ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✓ ❛ ✎ ✍
✦
✓ ✒
✓ ❛ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✑ ✕ ✛ ❝ ✚ ❛ ✚ ❧ ❛ ✔ ✌ ✏
✱
✍
♦
✒ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✚ ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏
✗ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✎ ✕ ✒ ❛ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✏ ★ ✕ ✚ ✤ ✘ ✭
❦
✏ ✏ ✫ ✍
✦
✘ ✬ ✘ ✮ ✬ ❛ ✰ ✘
✙ ✓ ✏ ✢ ❛
✦
✔ ✍ ✒ ✛ ✚ ✏ ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✍ ✗ ❧ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✎ ✍ ✗
♠ ♠ ♣❋ q❍
✎ ✏
♦
✏ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✚ ❛ ✗ ❛ ★ ✕ ❧ ✏ ✘
✉ ✇ ① ② ③ ② ④ ③ ⑤ ⑥⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩❶ ❷ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ⑨ ❸ ❻ ❼ ❽ ❶ ⑩ ❶ ❸ ❾ ❹ ❷ ❹ ❿➀ ❻ ❷ ➁
❻ ❺ ⑩ ❸ ⑩ ❷ ❿ ➁ ❼ ⑩ ❶ ⑩ ❶ ❷
➂
❺ ❹
➃ ➄
⑩ ❶ ❷ ❿ ➀ ❻ ❷ ➁
❸ ❹
➅
❸ ❾ ➀ ❷ ❿ ❼ ❾ ⑩❶ ❷ ❹ ❼ ❻ ❷➀ ⑩❼ ❺ ❾ ❺ ⑨ ⑩❶ ❷ ❸ ❾ ❽
➆ ➇
❸ ❻
➅
❷
➇
❺➀ ❼ ⑩
➃
➈ ➉ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❷ ❿ ❷ ❾ ❿ ❷ ➊ ➀
➇
❺ ➀ ➋ ➁❼ ❿ ❷ ❺❻
❸ ❾ ⑩❼ ➀
➇
❺➀ ➋ ➁❼ ❿ ❷
➌
❺ ⑨ ❻ ❺ ⑩❸ ⑩❼ ❺ ❾ ❺ ⑨ ⑩❶ ❷
➂
❺❹
➃
➀ ❶ ❸ ❾ ❽ ❷❿
➄
❿ ❺ ❹ ❺❷ ❿ ⑩❶ ❷ ❹ ❼ ❻ ❷➀ ⑩❼ ❺ ❾ ❺ ⑨ ➈ ➈ ➉
✉ ✇ ① ② ③ ② ④ ③ ⑤
➍
⑦
➎
❶ ❷ ❸ ❾ ❽
➆ ➇
❸ ❻
➅
❷
➇
❺ ➀ ❼ ⑩
➃ ➅
❷ ➀ ⑩ ❺ ❻ ➈ ❼ ❿
❹ ❼ ❻ ❷➀ ⑩ ❷❹ ❸
➇
❺ ❾ ❽ ⑩❶ ❷ ⑨❼ ➏❷❹ ❸ ➏ ❼ ❿ ❸ ❿ ❿❶ ❺ ➁❾ ➉
➎
❶ ❷
➇
❼ ❾ ❷ ❸ ❻
➅
❷
➇
❺➀ ❼ ⑩
➃
❺ ⑨ ⑩❶ ❷
➐
❸ ❻ ⑩ ❼ ➀
➇
❷ ❸ ⑩
➑
❼ ❿
➒ ➓ ➈
➈
× ➔ →
⑧ ⑩ ❼ ❿
➐
❷❻
➐
❷ ❾ ❹ ❼ ➀
➆ ➇
❸ ❻ ⑩ ❺
➂
❺ ⑩❶
➈ ➈ ❸ ❾ ❹
➔
❸ ❾ ❹ ❼ ❿ ❹ ❼ ❻ ❷ ➀ ⑩❷ ❹ ❸
➇
❺ ❾ ❽ ⑩ ❶ ❷
⑩❸ ❾ ❽ ❷ ❾ ⑩ ⑩ ❺ ⑩❶ ❷ ➀ ❼ ❻ ➀
➇
❷ ❹ ❷ ❿ ➀ ❻ ❼
➂
❷ ❹
➂ ➃
⑩❶ ❷
➐
❸ ❻ ⑩❼ ➀
➇
❷ ➉
✣ ✏ ✗ ✓ ❛ ❝ ❝ ✔ ✕ ✑ ❝ ✕ ✕
✹
❛ ✒ ✑ ✓ ❛ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❧ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✎
✜
✎ ✕ ✚ ✛ ✌ ✒
❪ ❪
➣
❄ ✌ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✗
✜
✕ ✔ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✘
↔
✏
♦
✏ ✎ ✒ ✕ ✫ ✍
✦
✘ ✬ ✘ ✮ ✬ ✭ ★ ✰ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✓
✍ ✗ ❛
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✕
♦
✫ ✍
✦
✘ ✬ ✘ ✮ ✯ ✎ ✏
✜
✎ ✕ ✚ ✛ ✌ ✏ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✏
✜
❛ ✒ ✓ ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏ t ✘ ✙ ✓ ✏
♦
✍
✦
✛ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✏
❧ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✎
❪
❪ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✚ ❛ ❝ ✕ ✔
✦
✒ ✓ ✏
♦
✍ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✭ ↕ ➙ ✰ ❛ ✖ ✍ ✗ ❛ ✔ ✚
❛ ❝ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✏
✜
✕ ✗ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✔ ❧ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✎ ❄ P
➛ ➜
✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏
✜
❛ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✌ ❝ ✏
❛ ✒ t ✕
♦
✒ ✓ ✏ ✎ ✍
✦
✍ ✚ ★ ✕ ✚ ✤ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✗
✜
✏ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✍
✦
✍ ✔
➝
✘ ❲ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✓ ❛ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✍
✦
✍ ✔ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✏ ✔ ✒ ✕ ★ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✏
❛ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✕
♦
✎ ✕ ✒ ❛ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✔ ✘

✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
◆✞ ✟ ✭ ✠× × × ✰r ✡ ❖ ☛ ✡ ❖ ❈ ❈☛
❇☞ ✌ ✐ ✍ ❛ ✎ ✏ ✑ ❣✒ ✓
×
✔
❖ ❈
✵
❖ ❈
❍ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ×
✔
×r ❈☛
❚ ✘
✕
✙
✕ ✗
✌
✞
✚
✛ ✜ ✢
✥ ✣ ✤
✕
✚ ✤
✕ ✖
✦ ✥
✗
☞ ✧ ★ ✚ ✌
✞
✩ ✱ ✥ ✪
✕
✪
✌
✞
✫ ✬ ✱ ✌ ✘
✕
③ ✲ ★ ✮ ✥ ✣ ★
✖
✦ ★ ✧ ✣
✞
✌
✞
✌ ✘
✕
✚ ★ ✦ ✥ ☞ ✣
✞
✯ ✌ ✘
✕
✗
✥ ✚
✗
✧
✕
✦
✕
✣
✗
✚ ✥
❝ ✕
✦
❝ ✳
✌ ✘
✕
✤ ★ ✚ ✌ ✥
✗
✧
✕
★ ✌
✴
✪
✷
✌ ✥ ✣
✌ ✘
✕
✚
✕
✯
✞
✚
✕
✱ ★ ✧
✞ ✖ ❡
✌ ✘
✕
✌ ★
✖ ❡ ✕ ✖
✌ ✌
✞
✌ ✘
✕ ✗
✥ ✚
✗
✧
✕
★ ✌
✴
✪
❆
✧ ✣
✞
✱ ✌ ✘
✕ ✸
★
❡ ✖
✥ ✌ ☞ ✦
✕ ✞
✯
✹ ✺
✫ ✬ ✥ ✣
✻ ✼ ✽ ✴ ✾
✣ ✥
✖ ✗ ✕
✩
✩ ★
✖
✦ ✫ ✬ ★ ✚
✕
✤
✕
✚ ✤
✕ ✖
✦ ✥
✗
☞ ✧ ★ ✚ ✌
✞ ✕
★
✗
✘
✞
✌ ✘
✕
✚ ✪
✿ ✕
✣ ✘ ★ ✧ ✧ ✦
✕ ✖ ✞
✌
✕
✫ ✬
❝ ✳
❀
r
★
✖
✦
✖ ✞
✌
❝ ✳ ❁
✱ ★ ✣
✟ ✕
✦ ✥ ✦
✕
★ ✚ ✧ ✥
✕
✚ ✪
❚ ✘ ☞ ✣ ✱ ✩
✺ ❁
✥ ✣ ★ ✙
✕ ✗
✌
✞
✚
✞
✯
✸
★
❡ ✖
✥ ✌ ☞ ✦
✕
✩
❂
❀
★
✖
✦ ✥ ✣ ★ ✧
✞ ✖ ❡
✌ ✘
✕
✌ ★
✖ ❡ ✕ ✖
✌ ✌
✞
✌ ✘
✕ ✗
✥ ✚
✗
✧
✕
✦
✕
✣
✗
✚ ✥
❝ ✕
✦
❝ ✳
✌ ✘
✕
✤ ★ ✚ ✌ ✥
✗
✧
✕
★ ✌
✴
✪ ❚ ✘
✕
✧ ✥
✖ ✕
★ ✚ ✙
✕
✧
✞ ✗
✥ ✌
✳
✙
✕ ✗
✌
✞
✚
✈
★ ✌
✴
✘ ★ ✣ ✌ ✘
✕
✣ ★
✸ ✕ ✸
★
❡ ✖
✥ ✌ ☞ ✦
✕
★
✖
✦ ✦ ✥ ✚
✕ ✗
✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✪
❚ ✘ ☞ ✣ ✱
❃ ❄❅ ❉
✼ ❊
✪
❋ ● ✾
✷ ✖
✯ ★
✗
✌ ✱ ✌ ✘
✕
✚
✕
✧ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✱
■ ❏
✪
✼ ❊
✪
❋ ● ✾
✱ ✘
✞
✧ ✦ ✣
❡ ✞ ✞
✦
✕
✙
✕ ✖
✯
✞
✚ ✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖ ✞
✯ ★ ✚ ✥
❡
✥ ✦
❝ ✞
✦
✳ ✟
✥ ✌ ✘
✞ ✖ ✕
✤
✞
✥
✖
✌
✯ ✥ ✮
✕
✦ ✱ ✣ ☞
✗
✘ ★ ✣ ✌ ✘
✕
✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖ ✞
✯ ✌ ✘
✕
✌
✞
✤ ♦ ❑ ✥
❡
✪
❊
✪ ▲
✼
★
✾
▼ ✪
✷ ✖
✌ ✘ ✥ ✣
✗
★ ✣
✕ ❁
✚
✕
✤ ✚
✕
✣
✕ ✖
✌ ✣ ✌ ✘
✕
✤
✞
✣ ✥ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✙
✕ ✗
✌
✞
✚
✞
✯
✌ ✘
✕
✤ ★ ✚ ✌ ✥
✗
✧
✕ ✟
✥ ✌ ✘ ✚
✕
✣ ✤
✕ ✗
✌ ✌
✞
✌ ✘
✕
✯ ✥ ✮
✕
✦ ✤
✞
✥
✖
✌ ✌ ★ ◗
✕ ✖
★ ✣ ✌ ✘
✕ ✞
✚ ✥
❡
✥
✖
✪
✿ ✕ ✖ ✞
✌
✕
✌ ✘ ★ ✌ ❢ ❘
❁ ❁
❘ ❙❯ ❙❱ ❘ ❲ ❯ ❳ ❘ ❨ ❙ ❯ ❢ ❱ ❩ ❬ ❭
❯ ❩ ❱ ❪ ❫ ❙❴ ❬ ❭ ❱
❁
❬ ❵ ❙ ❱ ❘ ❲ ❘ ❢ ❙❴ ❬
✈
❬ ❵ ❙❘
❁ ✹
❭ ❘ ❬ ❪ ❲ ❘ ❙
❵ ❴ ❯ ❲ ❜ ❬ ❞ ❱ ❙ ❴ ❙ ❱ ❤ ❬ ❥ ❦ ❙ ❪ ❤ ❯ ❜ ❲ ❱ ❙ ❨ ❭ ❬ ❤ ❯ ❧ ❫
❴ ❘ ❞ ❬
✈
❬
❁
❫ ❵ ❴ ❯ ❲ ❜ ❬ ❢
❁
❘ ❤ ❱ ❲ ❪ ❙❯ ❲ ❙ ❙❘ ❱ ❲ ❪ ❙❯ ❲ ❙ ❥
♠
❘
❁
❙ ❴ ❬ ❤ ❘
❁
❬ ❜ ❬ ❲ ❬
❁
❯
♥ ❁
❘ ❙ ❯ ❙ ❱ ❘ ❲ ❫ ❳ ❘ ❙ ❴ ❙ ❴ ❬
❤ ❯ ❜ ❲ ❱ ❙ ❨ ❭ ❬ ❯ ❲ ❭ ❙❴ ❬ ❭ ❱
❁
❬ ❵ ❙ ❱ ❘ ❲ ❘ ❢
✹
❤ ❯ ❧ ❵ ❴ ❯ ❲ ❜ ❬
❢
❁
❘ ❤ ❱ ❲ ❪ ❙❯ ❲ ❙ ❙❘ ❱ ❲ ❪ ❙❯ ❲ ❙ ❥
♣
❥
q
❥
s t
❲ ❜ ❨
♥
❯
❁
❯ ❵ ❵ ❬
♥
❬
❁
❯ ❙❱ ❘ ❲
✉ ✞
☞
✸
★
✳
✘ ★ ✙
✕ ✖ ✞
✌ ✥
✗ ✕
✦ ✌ ✘ ★ ✌
✟ ✕
★ ✚
✕
✦
✕
✙
✕
✧
✞
✤ ✥
✖ ❡
✌ ✘
✕
✣ ✌ ☞ ✦
✳ ✞
✯ ✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✧
✸ ✞
✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✧
✞ ✖ ❡
✌ ✘
✕
✧ ✥
✖ ✕
✣
✞
✯ ✌ ✘
✕
✣ ✌ ☞ ✦
✳ ✞
✯ ✌ ✚ ★
✖
✣ ✧ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✧
✸ ✞
✌ ✥
✞ ✖ ✟
✥ ✌ ✘
✟
✘ ✥
✗
✘
✟ ✕
★ ✚
✕
★ ✧ ✚
✕
★ ✦
✳
✯ ★
✸
✥ ✧ ✥ ★ ✚ ✪
❆ ✖
★ ✧
✞ ❡ ✞
☞ ✣ ✌
✞
✌ ✘
✕
◗ ✥
✖ ✕
✌ ✥
✗
✙ ★ ✚ ✥ ★
❝
✧
✕
✣
✞
✯ ✧ ✥
✖ ✕
★ ✚ ✦ ✥ ✣ ✤ ✧ ★
✗ ✕ ✸ ✕ ✖
✌ ★
✖
✦ ✙
✕
✧
✞ ✗
✥ ✌
✳ ✼ ✈ ✾
✥
✖
✌ ✚ ★
✖
✣ ✧ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✧
✸ ✞
✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✱
✟ ✕
✘ ★ ✙
✕
★
✖ ❡
☞ ✧ ★ ✚
✦ ✥ ✣ ✤ ✧ ★
✗ ✕ ✸ ✕ ✖
✌ ★
✖
✦ ★
✖ ❡
☞ ✧ ★ ✚ ✙
✕
✧
✞ ✗
✥ ✌
✳ ✼
✩ ✩✩
✩
✾
✥
✖
✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✧
✸ ✞
✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✪
✷
✌ ✥ ✣ ✌ ✘
✕ ✖ ✖
★ ✌ ☞ ✚ ★ ✧ ✌
✞
✦
✕
✯ ✥
✖ ✕
✥
✖
✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✧
✸ ✞
✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✌ ✘
✕ ✗ ✞ ✖ ✗ ✕
✤ ✌
✞
✯ ★
✖ ❡
☞ ✧ ★ ✚
★
✗ ✗ ✕
✧
✕
✚ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✥
✖
★
✖
★ ✧
✞ ❡ ✳ ✟
✥ ✌ ✘ ✧ ✥
✖ ✕
★ ✚ ★
✗ ✗ ✕
✧
✕
✚ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✦
✕
✯ ✥
✖ ✕
✦ ★ ✣ ✌ ✘
✕
✌ ✥
✸ ✕
✚ ★ ✌
✕ ✞
✯
✗
✘ ★
✖ ❡ ✕ ✞
✯ ✙
✕
✧
✞ ✗
✥ ✌
✳
✥
✖
✌ ✚ ★
✖
✣ ✧ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✧
✸ ✞
✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✪
✿ ✕
✦
✕
✯ ✥
✖ ✕
★
✖ ❡
☞ ✧ ★ ✚
★
✗ ✗ ✕
✧
✕
✚ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✇ ✇ ★ ✣ ✌ ✘
✕
✌ ✥
✸ ✕
✚ ★ ✌
✕ ✞
✯
✗
✘ ★
✖ ❡ ✕ ✞
✯
★
✖ ❡
☞ ✧ ★ ✚ ✙
✕
✧
✞ ✗
✥ ✌
✳
① ❚ ✘ ☞ ✣ ✱
②
② ④
✔
✼ ❊
✪
❋ ⑤ ✾
✷
✯ ✌ ✘
✕
★ ✮ ✥ ✣
✞
✯ ✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✥ ✣ ✯ ✥ ✮
✕
✦ ✱ ✌ ✘
✕
✦ ✥ ✚
✕ ✗
✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✞
✯
✹ ✹
★
✖
✦ ✘
✕ ✖ ✗ ✕
✱ ✌ ✘ ★ ✌
✞
✯ ✇ ✇ ✥ ✣ ✯ ✥ ✮
✕
✦ ✪
✷ ✖
✌ ✘ ✥ ✣
✗
★ ✣
✕
✌ ✘
✕
✙
✕ ✗
✌
✞
✚
✕ ❏
☞ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✚
✕
✦ ☞
✗ ✕
✣ ✌
✞
★ ✣
✗
★ ✧ ★ ✚
✕ ❏
☞ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
②
② ④
⑥
⑦
✔
✼ ❊
✪
❋ ❋ ✾
♣
❥
♣ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❷❸ t ❹❺ t ❹ ❻ ❷❼ t ⑩ ❽ ⑨ ❽ ❸ ❹⑧ ❷❽
✷ ✖
✌ ✘ ✥ ✣ ✣
✕ ✗
✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✱
✟ ✕
✣ ✘ ★ ✧ ✧ ★
✗ ❏
☞ ★ ✥
✖
✌
✞
☞ ✚ ✣
✕
✧ ✙
✕
✣
✟
✥ ✌ ✘
✌
✟ ✞
✤ ✘
✳
✣ ✥
✗
★ ✧
❏
☞ ★
✖
✌ ✥ ✌ ✥
✕
✣
✟
✘ ✥
✗
✘ ★ ✚
✕
✦
✕
✯ ✥
✖ ✕
✦ ★ ✣
✙
✕ ✗
✌
✞
✚ ✤ ✚
✞
✦ ☞
✗
✌ ✣
✞
✯ ✌
✟ ✞
✙
✕ ✗
✌
✞
✚ ✣ ✪ ❚ ✘
✕
✣
✕
★ ✣
✟ ✕
✣ ✘ ★ ✧ ✧
✣
✕ ✕
✱ ★ ✚
✕ ✕
✣ ✤
✕ ✗
✥ ★ ✧ ✧
✳
✥
✸
✤
✞
✚ ✌ ★
✖
✌ ✥
✖
✌ ✘
✕
✦ ✥ ✣
✗
☞ ✣ ✣ ✥
✞ ✖
✞
✯
✸ ✞
✌ ✥
✞ ✖ ✞
✯ ✣
✳
✣ ✌
✕ ✸
✣
✞
✯ ✤ ★ ✚ ✌ ✥
✗
✧
✕
✣ ✱ ✤ ★ ✚ ✌ ✥
✗
☞ ✧ ★ ✚ ✧
✳
✚ ✥
❡
✥ ✦
❝ ✞
✦ ✥
✕
✣ ✪
♣
❥
♣
❥
s ❽
❘ ❤ ❬ ❲ ❙ ❘ ❢ ❢ ❘
❁
❵ ❬ ❾
⑧
❘
❁
❿ ❨ ❬ ➀
✿ ✕
✘ ★ ✙
✕
✧
✕
★ ✚
✖
✌ ✌ ✘ ★ ✌ ✌ ✘
✕ ✸ ✞
✌ ✥
✞ ✖ ✞
✯ ★ ✚ ✥
❡
✥ ✦
❝ ✞
✦
✳
✥
✖ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✕
✚ ★ ✧ ✥ ✣ ★
✗ ✞ ✸ ❝
✥
✖
★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖ ✞
✯ ✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★
✖
✦
✌ ✚ ★
✖
✣ ✧ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✪
✷
✯ ✌ ✘
✕ ❝ ✞
✦
✳
✥ ✣ ✯ ✥ ✮
✕
✦ ★ ✌ ★ ✤
✞
✥
✖
✌
✞
✚
★ ✧
✞ ✖ ❡
★ ✧ ✥
✖ ✕
✱ ✥ ✌ ✘ ★ ✣
✞ ✖
✧
✳
✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✧
✸ ✞
✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✪
✿ ✕
◗
✖ ✞ ✟
✌ ✘ ★ ✌ ✯
✞
✚
✗ ✕
✥ ✣
✖ ✕ ✕
✦
✕
✦ ✌
✞ ✗
✘ ★
✖ ❡ ✕
✌ ✘
✕
✌ ✚ ★
✖
✣ ✧ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✧ ✣ ✌ ★ ✌
✕ ✞
✯ ★
❝ ✞
✦
✳
✱ ✥ ✪
✕
✪ ✌
✞
✤ ✚
✞
✦ ☞
✗ ✕
✧ ✥
✖ ✕
★ ✚ ★
✗ ✗ ✕
✧
✕
✚ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✪
✿ ✕ ✸
★
✳
✌ ✘
✕ ✖
★ ✣ ◗ ✱
✟
✘ ★ ✌ ✥ ✣
✌ ✘
✕
★
✖
★ ✧
✞ ❡
☞
✕ ✞
✯ ✯
✞
✚
✗ ✕
✥
✖
✌ ✘
✕ ✗
★ ✣
✕ ✞
✯ ✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✧
✸ ✞
✌ ✥
✞ ✖ ➁
❚
✞
✧
✞ ✞
◗ ✥
✖
✌
✞
✌ ✘
✕ ❏
☞
✕
✣ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✥
✖
★
✗ ✞ ✖ ✗
✚
✕
✌
✕
✣ ✥ ✌ ☞ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✧
✕
✌ ☞ ✣ ✌ ★ ◗
✕
✌ ✘
✕ ✕
✮ ★
✸
✤ ✧
✕ ✞
✯
✞
✤
✕ ✖
✥
✖ ❡ ✞
✚
✗
✧
✞
✣ ✥
✖ ❡ ✞
✯ ★ ✦
✞ ✞
✚ ✪
❆
✦
✞ ✞
✚ ✥ ✣ ★ ✚ ✥
❡
✥ ✦
❝ ✞
✦
✳ ✟
✘ ✥
✗
✘
✗
★
✖
✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌
✕
★
❝ ✞
☞ ✌ ★ ✯ ✥ ✮
✕
✦ ✙
✕
✚ ✌ ✥
✗
★ ✧ ★ ✮ ✥ ✣ ✤ ★ ✣ ✣ ✥
✖ ❡
✌ ✘ ✚
✞
☞
❡
✘ ✌ ✘
✕
✘ ✥
✖ ❡ ✕
✣ ✪
✿
✘ ★ ✌
✸
★ ◗
✕
✣ ✌ ✘
✕
✦
✞ ✞
✚
✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌
✕ ➁ ✷
✌ ✥ ✣
✗
✧
✕
★ ✚ ✌ ✘ ★ ✌ ☞
✖
✧
✕
✣ ✣ ★ ✯
✞
✚
✗ ✕
✥ ✣ ★ ✤ ✤ ✧ ✥
✕
✦
✌ ✘
✕
✦
✞ ✞
✚ ✦
✞ ✕
✣
✖ ✞
✌ ✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌
✕
✪ ❇☞ ✌ ★
✖ ✳
✯
✞
✚
✗ ✕
✦
✞ ✕
✣
✖ ✞
✌ ✦
✞
✌ ✘
✕ ➂ ✞ ❝
✪
❆
✯
✞
✚
✗ ✕
★ ✤ ✤ ✧ ✥
✕
✦ ✌
✞
✌ ✘
✕
✘ ✥
✖ ❡ ✕
✧ ✥
✖ ✕
✗
★
✖ ✖ ✞
✌ ✤ ✚
✞
✦ ☞
✗ ✕
★
✖ ✳
✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✌ ★ ✧ ✧ ✱
✟
✘
✕
✚
✕
★ ✣ ★
✯
✞
✚
✗ ✕ ✞
✯
❡
✥ ✙
✕ ✖ ✸
★
❡ ✖
✥ ✌ ☞ ✦
✕
★ ✤ ✤ ✧ ✥
✕
✦ ★ ✌ ✚ ✥
❡
✘ ✌ ★
✖ ❡
✧
✕
✣
✌
✞
✌ ✘
✕
✦
✞ ✞
✚ ★ ✌ ✥ ✌ ✣
✞
☞ ✌
✕
✚
✕
✦
❡ ✕
✥ ✣
✸ ✞
✣ ✌
✕
✯ ✯
✕ ✗
✌ ✥ ✙
✕
✥
✖
✤ ✚
✞
✦ ☞
✗
✥
✖ ❡
✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✪
✷
✌ ✥ ✣
✖ ✞
✌ ✌ ✘
✕
✯
✞
✚
✗ ✕
★ ✧
✞ ✖ ✕
✱
❝
☞ ✌
✘
✞ ✟
★
✖
✦
✟
✘
✕
✚
✕
✌ ✘
✕
✯
✞
✚
✗ ✕
✥ ✣ ★ ✤ ✤ ✧ ✥
✕
✦ ✥ ✣ ✥
✸
✤
✞
✚ ✌ ★
✖
✌
✥
✖
✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✧
✸ ✞
✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✪
❚ ✘
✕
✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✧ ★
✖
★ ✧
✞ ❡
☞
✕ ✞
✯ ✯
✞
✚
✗ ✕
✥ ✣ ❤ ❘ ❤ ❬ ❲ ❙
❘ ❢ ❢ ❘
❁
❵ ❬ ✪
✷
✌ ✥ ✣ ★ ✧ ✣
✞
✚
✕
✯
✕
✚ ✚
✕
✦ ✌
✞
★ ✣ ❙❘
❁
❿ ❨ ❬ ➃
✼ ✿ ✕
✣ ✘ ★ ✧ ✧ ☞ ✣
✕
✌ ✘
✕ ✟ ✞
✚ ✦ ✣
✸ ✞ ✸ ✕ ✖
✌
✞
✯ ✯
✞
✚
✗ ✕
★
✖
✦ ✌
✞
✚
❏
☞
✕
✥
✖
✌
✕
✚
✗
✘ ★
✖ ❡ ✕
★
❝
✧
✳
✪
✾ ✿ ✕
✣ ✘ ★ ✧ ✧ ✯ ✥ ✚ ✣ ✌ ✦
✕
✯ ✥
✖ ✕
✌ ✘
✕
✸ ✞ ✸ ✕ ✖
✌
✞
✯ ✯
✞
✚
✗ ✕
✯
✞
✚ ✌ ✘
✕
✣ ✤
✕ ✗
✥ ★ ✧
✗
★ ✣
✕ ✞
✯ ★ ✣ ✥
✖ ❡
✧
✕
✤ ★ ✚ ✌ ✥
✗
✧
✕
✪
➄
★ ✌
✕
✚
✞ ✖ ✟ ✕
✣ ✘ ★ ✧ ✧
✕
✮ ✌
✕ ✖
✦ ✌ ✘
✕ ✗ ✞ ✖ ✗ ✕
✤ ✌
✌
✞
✣
✳
✣ ✌
✕ ✸
✣
✞
✯ ✤ ★ ✚ ✌ ✥
✗
✧
✕
✣ ✥
✖ ✗
✧ ☞ ✦ ✥
✖ ❡
✚ ✥
❡
✥ ✦
❝ ✞
✦ ✥
✕
✣ ✪
✿ ✕
✣ ✘ ★ ✧ ✧ ★ ✧ ✣
✞
✚
✕
✧ ★ ✌
✕
✥ ✌ ✌
✞
★
✗
✘ ★
✖ ❡ ✕
✥
✖
✌ ✘
✕
✣ ✌ ★ ✌
✕
✞
✯ ✚
✞
✌ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
★ ✧
✸ ✞
✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✱ ✥ ✪
✕
✪ ✥ ✣ ★
✖ ❡
☞ ✧ ★ ✚ ★
✗ ✗ ✕
✧
✕
✚ ★ ✌ ✥
✞ ✖
✞
✯ ★ ✚ ✥
❡
✥ ✦
❝ ✞
✦
✳
✪
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✺ ✺
❋ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏✎✑ ✒
❂ ✓ r ✔
✱
✕ ✕
✐ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✐ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✦ ✥ ✧ ✘
✗ ✣ ✤ ✚ ✘ ✜ ✦ ✚ ✥ ✤ ✐ ✚ ✐ ✚
♣ ★
✤ ✚ ✛ ❋ ✱ ✤ ✚ ✛ ✐ ✥ ✖
✛ ✐ ✙ ✘✜ ✥ ✐ ✦✚ ✐ ✖
♣
✐ ❡ ✘✚ ✩ ✪ ✥✧ ✘ ✙ ✐
♣
✧ ✥ ✧ ✤ ✚ ✛ ✘✛
✖ ✜ ✙ ✘
✫
✙ ✢ ✣ ✘
✬
■ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲ ✮ ❝ ✳ ✴ ✯ ✵ ✮ ✴ ✷ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✲ ✻ ✮ ✰ ✳ ✷ ❝ ✹ ✲ ✮ ✳ ✮ ✻ ✯ ✷ ✵ ✳
P ✼ ✽ ✯ ✴ ✲ ✻ ✯ ✴ ✷ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✽ ✰ ✲ ✴ ✻ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✳ ✯ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✸ ✷ ✵ ✾ ✷ ✴
✸ ✷ ❣ ✲ ✵ ✿ ❀ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✻ ✯ ✴ ✷ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ❣ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✯ ✰ ❁ ❃ ❄ ✷ ✸ ❅ ❆ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❉ ❊ ✳ ✽ ✲
♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✯ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲ ✮ ❝ ✳ ✷ ✵ ✸ ✯ ✵ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✻ ✮ ✰ ✳ ✷ ❝ ✹ ✲ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✽
✰ ✲ ✴ ✻ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✳ ✯ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✸ ✷ ✵ ✾ ✷ ✴ ● ✲ ✭ ✷ ✵ ✲ ● ✮ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ❣ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✯ ✰
✻ ✰ ✯ ● ♦ ❝ ✳
❍ ❍❍
❍
❏ ❁ × ❑ ❃ ❆ ❅ ▲ ▼ ❉
◆ ✽ ✲ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✯ ✭ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲ ❃ ✯ ✰ ✳ ✯ ✰ q ♦ ✲ ❉ ✷ ✴ ✮ ❣ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✯ ✰
q ♦ ✮ ✵ ✳ ✷ ✳ ❀ ❅ ◆ ✽ ✲ ✴ ❀ ♠ ✿ ✯ ✹
❍ ❍
✴ ✳ ✮ ✵ ● ✴ ✭ ✯ ✰ ✳ ✽ ✲ s ✰ ✲ ✲ ❖
✹ ✲ ✳ ✳ ✲ ✰ t◗ ❘ ❅ ◆ ✽ ✲ ♠ ✮ ✸ ✵ ✷ ✳ ♦ ● ✲ ✯ ✭
❍ ❍
✷ ✴
❯ ❏ ❱ ❲ ✴ ✷ ✵ ❳ ❃ ❆ ❅ ▲ ❨ ✮ ❉
✼ ✽ ✲ ✰ ✲ ❱ ✷ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ♠ ✮ ✸ ✵ ✷ ✳ ♦ ● ✲ ✯ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✻ ✯ ✴ ✷ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ❣ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✯ ✰
❁ ❊ ✷ ❅ ✲ ❅ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✹ ✲ ✵ ✸ ✳ ✽ ✾ P ❊ ❲ ✷ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ♠ ✮ ✸ ✵ ✷ ✳ ♦ ● ✲ ✯ ✭ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲
❑ ✮ ✵ ● ❳ ✷ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✮ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✲ ✿ ✲ ✳ ✼ ✲ ✲ ✵ ❁ ✮ ✵ ● ❑ ✮ ✴
✴ ✽ ✯ ✼ ✵ ❅
❩
✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✯ ✭ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲ ✽ ✮ ✴ ● ✷ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✴ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✴
❩ ❬
❭
◆
❪ ❭
❅
■ ✳ ✴ ● ✷ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✴ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✴ ✮ ✰ ✲ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✴ ✮ ♠ ✲ ✮ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✯ ✴ ✲ ✯ ✭ ✼ ✯ ✰ ❖
✯ ✰ ✲ ✵ ✲ ✰ ✸ ❀ ❅ ■ ✳ ✷ ✴ ❊ ✽ ✯ ✼ ✲ ❣ ✲ ✰ ❊ ✮ ❣ ✲ ✰ ❀ ● ✷ ✭ ✭ ✲ ✰ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✻ ✽ ❀ ✴ ✷ ❝ ✮ ✹
q ♦ ✮ ✵ ✳ ✷ ✳ ❀ ✳ ✽ ✮ ✵ ✼ ✯ ✰ ❖ ❅
❩
✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✯ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲ ✷ ✴ ✮
❣ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✯ ✰ ❊ ✼ ✽ ✷ ✹ ✲ ✼ ✯ ✰ ❖ ✷ ✴ ✮ ✴ ❝ ✮ ✹ ✮ ✰ ❅ ◆ ✽ ✲
❫
■ ♦ ✵ ✷ ✳ ✯ ✭
♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✯ ✭ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲ ✷ ✴
❴
✲ ✼ ✳ ✯ ✵
❵
♠ ✲ ✳ ✰ ✲ ❃
❴
♠ ❉ ❅ ◆ ✽ ✲
♠ ✮ ✸ ✵ ✷ ✳ ♦ ● ✲ ✯ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✯ ✭ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲ ♠ ✮ ❀ ✿ ✲
✼ ✰ ✷ ✳ ✳ ✲ ✵
❛ ❜ ❞ ❢ ❤❥ ❦ ❥ ❦❧ ♥
✉
✈ ✈ ❃ ❆ ❅ ▲ ❨ ✿ ❉
✯ ✰ ❜ ❞ ❢❥ ❦ ❥ ❦❧ ♥
✉
✈ ✈ ❃ ❆ ❅ ▲ ❨ ❝ ❉
✼ ✽ ✲ ✰ ✲ ❥
✉
❏ ❱ ✴ ✷ ✵ ❳ ✷ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✻ ✲ ✰ ✻ ✲ ✵ ● ✷ ❝ ♦ ✹ ✮ ✰ ● ✷ ✴ ✳ ✮ ✵ ❝ ✲
✯ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✹ ✷ ✵ ✲ ✯ ✭ ✮ ❝ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✯ ✭ ❑ ✭ ✯ ✰ ♠ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✸ ✷ ✵ ✮ ✵ ●
❛ ❜ ❞ ❢ ❤❦ ❦ ♥
✉
✈ ✷ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ❝ ✯ ♠ ✻ ✯ ✵ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✯ ✭ ❑ ✷ ✵ ✳ ✽ ✲
● ✷ ✰ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✻ ✲ ✰ ✻ ✲ ✵ ● ✷ ❝ ♦ ✹ ✮ ✰ ✳ ✯ ❁❅
❴
✯ ✳ ✲ ✳ ✽ ✮ ✳ ❯ ❏ ✇ ✷ ✭
❱ ❏ ✇ ❊ ❲ ❏ ✇ ✯ ✰ ❳ ❏ ✇
①
✯ ✰ ❇ ❈ ✇
①
❅ ◆ ✽ ♦ ✴ ❊ ✳ ✽ ✲ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳
✯ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲ ❣ ✮ ✵ ✷ ✴ ✽ ✲ ✴ ✷ ✭ ✲ ✷ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✰ ✳ ✽ ✲ ♠ ✮ ✸ ✵ ✷ ✳ ♦ ● ✲ ✯ ✭
✳ ✽ ✲ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲ ✷ ✴ ② ✲ ✰ ✯ ❊ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✹ ✷ ✵ ✲ ✯ ✭ ✮ ❝ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✯ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲
✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲ ✻ ✮ ✴ ✴ ✲ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✰ ✯ ♦ ✸ ✽ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✸ ✷ ✵ ❅
✾ ✵ ✲ ♠ ✮ ❀ ✵ ✯ ✳ ✲ ✳ ✽ ✮ ✳ ✴ ✷ ✵ ❝ ✲ ❁ × ❑ ✷ ✴ ✮ ❣ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✯ ✰
✻ ✰ ✯ ● ♦ ❝ ✳ ❊ ✻ ✰ ✯ ✻ ✲ ✰ ✳ ✷ ✲ ✴ ✯ ✭ ✮ ❣ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✯ ✰ ✻ ✰ ✯ ● ♦ ❝ ✳ ✯ ✭ ✳ ✼ ✯
❣ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✯ ✰ ✴ ✮ ✻ ✻ ✹ ❀ ✳ ✯ ✷ ✳ ❅ ■ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ● ✷ ✰ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✯ ✭ ❑ ✷ ✴
✰ ✲ ❣ ✲ ✰ ✴ ✲ ● ❊ ✳ ✽ ✲ ● ✷ ✰ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✯ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✯ ✭ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲
✷ ✴ ✰ ✲ ❣ ✲ ✰ ✴ ✲ ● ❅ ■ ✭ ● ✷ ✰ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✴ ✯ ✭ ✿ ✯ ✳ ✽ ❁ ✮ ✵ ● ❑ ✮ ✰ ✲
✰ ✲ ❣ ✲ ✰ ✴ ✲ ● ❊ ✳ ✽ ✲ ● ✷ ✰ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✯ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✯ ✭ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲
✰ ✲ ♠ ✮ ✷ ✵ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✴ ✮ ♠ ✲ ❅
③ ④ ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧
❘
⑨
◗ ❁
⑩ ❶ ⑩ ❷ ⑦
t ❘
⑩ ❶ ❸
◗
❹
◗ ❁ t
❺ ❻ ⑨ ❷
❼ ♦ ✴ ✳ ✮ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✯ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲ ✷ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✰ ✯ ✳ ✮ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✮ ✹
✮ ✵ ✮ ✹ ✯ ✸ ♦ ✲ ✯ ✭ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲ ❊ ✳ ✽ ✲ q ♦ ✮ ✵ ✳ ✷ ✳ ❀ ✮ ✵ ✸ ♦ ✹ ✮ ✰
♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ♦ ♠ ✷ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✰ ✯ ✳ ✮ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✮ ✹ ✮ ✵ ✮ ✹ ✯ ✸ ♦ ✲ ✯ ✭ ✹ ✷ ✵ ✲ ✮ ✰
♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ♦ ♠ ❅ ❽ ✲ ✴ ✽ ✮ ✹ ✹ ✭ ✷ ✰ ✴ ✳ ● ✲ ✭ ✷ ✵ ✲ ✮ ✵ ✸ ♦ ✹ ✮ ✰
♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ♦ ♠ ✭ ✯ ✰ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✴ ✻ ✲ ❝ ✷ ✮ ✹ ❝ ✮ ✴ ✲ ✯ ✭ ✮ ✴ ✷ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✲
✻ ✮ ✰ ✳ ✷ ❝ ✹ ✲ ✮ ✵ ● ✹ ✯ ✯ ❖ ✮ ✳ ✷ ✳ ✴ ♦ ✴ ✲ ✭ ♦ ✹ ✵ ✲ ✴ ✴ ✷ ✵ ✳ ✽ ✲ ❝ ✯ ✵ ✳ ✲ ❾ ✳
✯ ✭ ✴ ✷ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✲ ✻ ✮ ✰ ✳ ✷ ❝ ✹ ✲ ♠ ✯ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ❅ ❽ ✲ ✴ ✽ ✮ ✹ ✹ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✵ ✲ ❾ ✳ ✲ ✵ ●
✳ ✽ ✲ ● ✲ ✭ ✷ ✵ ✷ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✯ ✭ ✮ ✵ ✸ ♦ ✹ ✮ ✰ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ♦ ♠ ✳ ✯ ✴ ❀ ✴ ✳ ✲ ♠ ✴
✯ ✭ ✻ ✮ ✰ ✳ ✷ ❝ ✹ ✲ ✴ ✷ ✵ ❝ ✹ ♦ ● ✷ ✵ ✸ ✰ ✷ ✸ ✷ ● ✿ ✯ ● ✷ ✲ ✴ ❅
❬
✷ ❖ ✲ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✯ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✯ ✰ ❝ ✲ ❊ ✮ ✵ ✸ ♦ ✹ ✮ ✰ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ♦ ♠
✷ ✴ ✮ ✹ ✴ ✯ ✮ ❣ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✯ ✰ ✻ ✰ ✯ ● ♦ ❝ ✳ ❅ ■ ✳ ❝ ✯ ♦ ✹ ● ✮ ✹ ✴ ✯ ✿ ✲ ✰ ✲ ✭ ✲ ✰ ✰ ✲ ●
✳ ✯ ✮ ✴ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✯ ✭ ❃ ✹ ✷ ✵ ✲ ✮ ✰ ❉ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ♦ ♠ ❅ ❄ ✰ ✯ ♠ ✳ ✽ ✷ ✴
✳ ✲ ✰ ♠ ✯ ✵ ✲ ❝ ✯ ♦ ✹ ● ✸ ♦ ✲ ✴ ✴ ✽ ✯ ✼ ✮ ✵ ✸ ♦ ✹ ✮ ✰ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ♦ ♠
✷ ✴ ● ✲ ✭ ✷ ✵ ✲ ● ❅
❿✯ ✵ ✴ ✷ ● ✲ ✰ ✮ ✻ ✮ ✰ ✳ ✷ ❝ ✹ ✲ ✯ ✭ ♠ ✮ ✴ ✴ ➀ ✮ ✵ ● ✹ ✷ ✵ ✲ ✮ ✰
♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ♦ ♠
❹
✮ ✳ ✮ ✻ ✯ ✴ ✷ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ❁ ✰ ✲ ✹ ✮ ✳ ✷ ❣ ✲ ✳ ✯ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✸ ✷ ✵
✾ ❅ ◆ ✽ ✲ ✮ ✵ ✸ ♦ ✹ ✮ ✰ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ♦ ♠
⑨
✯ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✻ ✮ ✰ ✳ ✷ ❝ ✹ ✲ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✽
✰ ✲ ✴ ✻ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✳ ✯ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✸ ✷ ✵ ✾ ✷ ✴ ● ✲ ✭ ✷ ✵ ✲ ● ✳ ✯ ✿ ✲
⑨
❏ ❁ ×
❹
❃ ❆ ❅ ▲ ➁ ✮ ❉
◆ ✽ ✲ ♠ ✮ ✸ ✵ ✷ ✳ ♦ ● ✲ ✯ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✮ ✵ ✸ ♦ ✹ ✮ ✰ ♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ♦ ♠
❣ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✴
➂
sinp rl
➃
❃ ❆ ❅ ▲ ➄ ✮ ❉
✼ ✽ ✲ ✰ ✲
➅
✷ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ♠ ✮ ✸ ✵ ✷ ✳ ♦ ● ✲ ✯ ✭
❹
✮ ✵ ● ❳ ✷ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✮ ✵ ✸ ✹ ✲
✿ ✲ ✳ ✼ ✲ ✲ ✵ ❁ ✮ ✵ ●
❹
❅ ❽ ✲ ♠ ✮ ❀ ✼ ✰ ✷ ✳ ✲
➆
❥
➇
✉
✈
✯ ✰ ❥
➇
✉
❃ ❆ ❅ ▲ ➄ ✿ ❉
✼ ✽ ✲ ✰ ✲ ❥
✉
❃ ❏ ❱ ✴ ✷ ✵ ➈ ❉ ✷ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✻ ✲ ✰ ✻ ✲ ✵ ● ✷ ❝ ♦ ✹ ✮ ✰ ● ✷ ✴ ✳ ✮ ✵ ❝ ✲
✯ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ● ✷ ✰ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✮ ✹ ✹ ✷ ✵ ✲ ✯ ✭
❹
✭ ✰ ✯ ♠ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✸ ✷ ✵ ✮ ✵ ●
❛ ❜ ❞ ❢ ❤
➇ ➇
♥
✉
✈ ✷ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✲ ❝ ✯ ♠ ✻ ✯ ✵ ✲ ✵ ✳ ✯ ✭
❹
✷ ✵ ✮ ● ✷ ✰ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵
✻ ✲ ✰ ✻ ✲ ✵ ● ✷ ❝ ♦ ✹ ✮ ✰ ✳ ✯ ❁❅ ❽ ✲ ✲ ❾ ✻ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✮ ✵ ✸ ♦ ✹ ✮ ✰
♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ♦ ♠ ✳ ✯ ✿ ✲ ② ✲ ✰ ✯ ❃
➉
❏ ✇ ❉ ❊ ✷ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✹ ✷ ✵ ✲ ✮ ✰
♠ ✯ ♠ ✲ ✵ ✳ ♦ ♠ ❣ ✮ ✵ ✷ ✴ ✽ ✲ ✴ ❃
➅
❏ ✇ ❉ ❊ ✷ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✻ ✮ ✰ ✳ ✷ ❝ ✹ ✲ ✷ ✴ ✮ ✳
✳ ✽ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✸ ✷ ✵ ❃ ❱ ❏ ✇ ❉ ❊ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✭ ✳ ✽ ✲ ● ✷ ✰ ✲ ❝ ✳ ✷ ✯ ✵ ✮ ✹ ✹ ✷ ✵ ✲ ✯ ✭
❹
✻ ✮ ✴ ✴ ✲ ✴ ✳ ✽ ✰ ✯ ♦ ✸ ✽ ✳ ✽ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✷ ✸ ✷ ✵ ❳ ❏ ✇
①
✯ ✰ ❇ ❈ ✇
①
❅
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❚ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✓ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✟ ☛ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✖ ✘ ✌ ✟
✍ ✒ ❛ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✞ ✍ ✚ ✟ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✕ ✠ ✖ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✒ ✓
✘ ✟ ✎ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✒ r ✟ ✓ ✛ ✟ ✟ ✒ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✕ ✜ ✢ ✓ ☞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✒ ✍ ✎
✍ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✟ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✘ ✟ ✎ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✒ r ✟ ✓ ✛ ✟ ✟ ✒ ✗ ✖ ✘ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✒ ❛ ✎ ☞ ✒ ✟ ✍ ✘
✕ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✜ ♠ ✖ ✘ ❛ ✟ ✘ ☞ ✚ ☞ ✒ ✙ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✘ ✟ ✎ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✒ ☞ ✒ ✓ ✞ ✟
✌ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✟ ❝ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✙ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ✔ ✛ ✟ ❛ ☞ ✗ ✗ ✟ ✘ ✟ ✒ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✟
❧ ✥ ✣ ✤ ♣ ✛ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✌ ✓ ✓ ✖ ✓ ☞ ✕ ✟ ✔
❞ ❞
✭ ✦
❞ ❞
t t
❂ ✧
★
✩ ✪
❆ ✠ ✠ ✎ ✡ ☞ ✒ ✙ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✘ ✖ ❛ ✑ ✌ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✟ ✗ ✖ ✘ ❛ ☞ ✗ ✗ ✟ ✘ ✟ ✒ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✒
✓ ✖ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✘ ☞ ✙ ✞ ✓ ✞ ✍ ✒ ❛ ☛ ☞ ❛ ✟ ✔
❞ ❞ ❞
✭ ✦
❞ ❞ ❞
t t t
✧ ❂ ✧ ✰ ✧
✩ ✪
✩ ✪ ✪ ✩
◆✖ ✛ ✔ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✖ ✌ ☞ ✓ ✡ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✈ ✥ ✫ ✣ ✴ ✫ ✬
✍ ✒ ❛ ♣ ✥ ✮ ✈
❇✟ ✌ ✍ ✑ ☛ ✟ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✞ ☞ ☛
✯
✵ ✱
✯
✲
✳
× ✷ × ✷
✸
✹ ✺ ✺
✍ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✚ ✟ ✌ ✓ ✖ ✘ ✠ ✘ ✖ ❛ ✑ ✌ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✛ ✖ ✠ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✟ ✎ ✚ ✟ ✌ ✓ ✖ ✘ ☛
✚ ✍ ✒ ☞ ☛ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✜ ♠ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✘ ✔ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✌ ✟ ❛ ♣ ✴ ❛ ✬ ✥ ❋ ✔
❞
❞
t
✧ ❂ ✧ ❂
✪
✩ ✩ ✻
❍
✟ ✒ ✌ ✟
❞
✭ ✦
❞
t
✼ ✽✩ ✪
✖ ✘
❞
❞
t
✾
★
✿ ❀
✜
❁ ❀ ❃
❚ ✞ ✑ ☛ ✔ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✓ ☞ ✕ ✟ ✘ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✖ ✗ ✌ ✞ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✟ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✘
✕ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✖ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✟
✍ ✌ ✓ ☞ ✒ ✙ ✖ ✒ ☞ ✓ ✜ ❚ ✞ ☞ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✟ ✖ ✗
✓ ✞ ✟ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✒ ❋ ✥ ❛ ♣ ✴ ❛ ✬ ✔ ✛ ✞ ☞ ✌ ✞ ✟ ❝ ✠ ✘ ✟ ☛ ☛ ✟ ☛
◆✟ ✛ ✓ ✖ ✒ ❄ ☛ ☛ ✟ ✌ ✖ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✍ ✛ ✗ ✖ ✘ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✘ ✍ ✒ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✒
✖ ✗ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✙ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ✜
❅ ♦ ✣ q ❈ ❉ ❊ ● ■ ❊ ● ❏ ❈ ❧ ❊ ✣ ❑ ♦ ❑ ❉ ● ▲❈ ❑ ▼ ♦ ✣ ❊ ❖ ◗ ❖ ▲❉ ❑
♦ ▼ ♣ ❊ ✣ ▲ ❘ ❙ ❧ ❉ ❖
❚ ✖ ✙ ✟ ✓ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✍ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✓ ✟ ✕
✖ ✗ ✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✍ r ✖ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✙ ☞ ✚ ✟ ✒ ✠ ✖ ☞ ✒ ✓ ✛ ✟ ✒ ✟ ✟ ❛ ✓ ✖ ✍ ❛ ❛
✚ ✟ ✌ ✓ ✖ ✘ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✡ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✖ ✗ ☞ ✒ ❛ ☞ ✚ ☞ ❛ ✑ ✍ ✎
✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✜ ❚ ✞ ✑ ☛ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✘ ✍ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✓ ✟ ✕ ✖ ✗
♥
✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✔
❯ ❱
❯
❲ ❲ ❲
❳
❳
❨
❨ ❩
❬ ❭ ❭ ❭ ❬
❪
❫ ❴ ❴ ❴ ❴
❚ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✐
❵ ❜
✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟
☞ ☛ ✙ ☞ ✚ ✟ ✒ r ✡
❧
❡
✥ ✣
❡
✤ ♣
❡
✛ ✞ ✟ ✘ ✟ ✣
❡
☞ ☛ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✖ ☛ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✒ ✚ ✟ ✌ ✓ ✖ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✐
❵ ❜
✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟
✛ ☞ ✓ ✞ ✘ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✟ ✌ ✓ ✓ ✖ ✍ ✙ ☞ ✚ ✟ ✒ ✖ ✘ ☞ ✙ ☞ ✒ ✍ ✒ ❛ ♣ ✥
✿
✮
❡
✈
❡
❃
☞ ☛
✓ ✞ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✒ ✟ ✍ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ✜
✿
❚ ✞ ✟
✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✕ ✍ ☛ ☛ ✮
❡
✍ ✒ ❛ ✚ ✟ ✎ ✖ ✌ ☞ ✓ ✡ ✈
❡
❃
❢ ✟ ✕ ✍ ✡
✛ ✘ ☞ ✓ ✟ ✓ ✞ ✟ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✍ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✓ ✟ ✕
✖ ✗ ✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✍ ☛
❣ ❣ ❣
❣
❤ ❤ ❥
❦ ❦
s ★ ✩ ✪
✿ ❀
✜
❁
✉ r
❃
❚ ✞ ☞ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✟ ✒ ✟ ✘ ✍ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✞ ✟ ❛ ✟ ✗ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✓ ☞ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✗
✍ ✒ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✕
✿
✇ ✏ ✜
❀
✜
❁
✉ ✍
❃
✗ ✖ ✘ ✍ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✙ ✎ ✟
✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ✓ ✖ ✍ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✓ ✟ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✠ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✜
① ☛ ☞ ✒ ✙ ✇ ✏ ☛ ✜
✿ ❀
✜
❁
②
❃
✍ ✒ ❛
✿ ❀
✜
❁
✉ r
❃
✔ ✛ ✟ ✙ ✟ ✓
③ ④
❞
❞ ❞
❞ ❞ ❞
⑤
⑤ ⑤
⑤ ⑤
t t t
❤ ❤ ❤
❦ ❦ ❦
★
s
★
✿ ❀
✜
❁
⑥ ✍
❃
⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ⑨ ❷ ❸ ❹ ⑨ ⑧❺ ❻ ❸ ❺ ❼ ❺ ❼ ⑨ ❽ ❸ ❾ ❿ ❾ ➀⑨ ❷ ❸ ❹
➁ ➂ ➃ ➄ ➂
➅ ➆ ➇ ➈ ➇ ➉
➄
➊ ➆ ➋
➂
➌ ➍
➄
➎ ➏
➄
➌ ➍
➆ ➏
➐ ➂
➎ ➉
➄ ➑
➌
➅
➑
➏ ➒
➐
➆ ➍
➄ ➐
➓
➁
➆
➄
➏ ➔
➑
➐
➏ ➊ ➆ ➌
→ ➐
➂
➏ ➅
➑
➏ ➒
➄
➌ ➍
➐
➣
➂
➌ ➍ ↔ ↕
➂ ➐ ➐
➒
➑
➔ ➌
➆ ➌ ➏ ➒
➄
➂
➍ ➙
➑
➆ ➌ ➆ ➌
→
➛
➆
→ ➜
➊
➄
➓
➝ ➑
➉ ➍
➅
➑
➏ ➒ ➏ ➒
➄
➐
➏ ➊ ➆ ➌
→ ➐
➏
➑ → ➄
➏ ➒
➄
➊ ➆ ➌
➑
➌
➄
➒
➂
➌ ➍
➐ ➜
➇ ➒ ➏ ➒
➂
➏ ➏ ➒
➄
➊ ➆ ➋ ➆
➐ ➞ ➄
➊ ➏ ➆ ➇
➂
➉ ➓
➟➛
➈
➑ ➜
➉
➄ ➂ ➞ ➄ ➑
➌
➄ ➐
➏ ➊ ➆ ➌
→
↕ ➏ ➒
➄
➊ ➆ ➋ ➔ ➆ ➉ ➉ ➏ ➆ ➉ ➏ ➓ ➠
➑
➔
➃ ➄ ➄
➡ ➆ ➌
→
➏ ➒
➄
➊ ➆ ➋ ➆ ➌
➞ ➄
➊ ➏ ➆ ➇
➂
➉ ➡
➑ ➐
➆ ➏ ➆
➑
➌ ➔ ➆ ➏ ➒ ➅
➑
➏ ➒ ➏ ➒
➄ ➐
➏ ➊ ➆ ➌
→ ➐
➆ ➌
➑
➌
➄
➒
➂
➌ ➍ ↕ ➡
➜
➏ ➏ ➒
➄
➔ ➒
➄ ➄
➉ ➆ ➌
➛ ➂ ➐
➏ ➊
➑
➏
➂
➏ ➆
➑
➌
➂
➊
➑ ➜
➌ ➍ ➏ ➒
➄ ➂
➎ ➉
➄
➔ ➆ ➏ ➒ ➏ ➒
➄ ➑
➏ ➒
➄
➊ ➒
➂
➌ ➍ ➓
➁
➒
➄
➌ ➉
➄ ➂ ➞ ➄
➑
➌
➄ ➐
➏ ➊ ➆ ➌
→
↕
➐ ➂
➈ ↔ ↕
➛
➊
➑
➋ ➈
➑ ➜
➊ ➒
➂
➌ ➍ ↕
➂
➌ ➍
➑
➅
➐ ➄
➊
➞ ➄
➔ ➒
➂
➏ ➒
➂
➡ ➡
➄
➌
➐
➓
➁
➒
➄
➊ ➆ ➋
➃ ➄ ➄
➡
➐
➊
➑
➏
➂
➏ ➆ ➌
→
➆ ➌
➂ ➞ ➄
➊ ➏ ➆ ➇
➂
➉ ➡ ➉
➂
➌
➄
➂
➌ ➍ ➏ ➒
➄
➡ ➉
➂
➌
➄ ➑ ➛
➊
➑
➏
➂
➏ ➆
➑
➌ ➏
➜
➊ ➌
➐ ➂
➊
➑ ➜
➌ ➍ ➏ ➒
➄
➐
➏ ➊ ➆ ➌
→
➣ ➔ ➒ ➆ ➇ ➒ ➈
➑ ➜ ➂
➊
➄
➒
➑
➉ ➍ ➆ ➌
→
➓
➢ ➄ ➐ ➂
➈ ➏ ➒
➂
➏ ➏ ➒
➄
➂
➎ ➆
➐ ➑ ➛
➊
➑
➏
➂
➏ ➆
➑
➌
➑ ➛
➏ ➒
➄
➊ ➆ ➋
➑
➊
➄
➤
➜
➆
➞ ➂
➉
➄
➌ ➏ ➉ ➈
➆ ➏
➐ ➂
➌
→ ➜
➉
➂
➊ ➋
➑
➋
➄
➌ ➏
➜
➋ ➡ ➊
➄
➇
➄ ➐ ➐ ➄ ➐ ➂
➅
➑ ➜
➏ ➏ ➒
➄
➐
➏ ➊ ➆ ➌
→
➣ ➓
➁
➒
➄
➊
➑
➏
➂
➏ ➆ ➌
→
➊ ➆ ➋
→
➆
➞ ➄ ➐
➊ ➆
➐ ➄
➏
➑ ➂
➌
➂
➌
→ ➜
➉
➂
➊
➋
➑
➋
➄
➌ ➏
➜
➋ ➓
➥ ➄
➏
➄
➊ ➋ ➆ ➌
➄
➏ ➒
➄
➍ ➆ ➊
➄
➇ ➏ ➆
➑
➌
➑ ➛
➏ ➒ ➆
➐
➂
➌
→ ➜
➉
➂
➊ ➋
➑
➋
➄
➌ ➏
➜
➋ ➓
➢
➒
➄
➌ ➈
➑ ➜ ➂
➊
➄
➒
➑
➉ ➍ ➆ ➌
→
➏ ➒
➄
➊
➑
➏
➂
➏ ➆ ➌
→
➊ ➆ ➋ ➔ ➆ ➏ ➒
➐
➏ ➊ ➆ ➌
→
➣↕
➂
➏
➑
➊ ➤
➜ ➄
➆
➐ → ➄
➌
➄
➊
➂
➏
➄
➍ ➓
➦ ➢ ➄
➉
➄ ➂ ➞ ➄
➆ ➏ ➏
➑
➈
➑ ➜
➏
➑ ➛
➆ ➌ ➍
➑ ➜
➏ ➒
➑
➔ ➏ ➒
➄
➏
➑
➊ ➤
➜ ➄
➆
➐
→ ➄
➌
➄
➊
➂
➏
➄
➍
➂
➌ ➍ ➔ ➒
➂
➏ ➆ ➏
➐
➍ ➆ ➊
➄
➇ ➏ ➆
➑
➌ ➆
➐
➓
➧ ➁
➒
➄ ➄ ➛ ➛ ➄
➇ ➏
➑ ➛
➏ ➒
➄
➏
➑
➊ ➤
➜ ➄ ➑
➌ ➏ ➒
➄ ➂
➌
→ ➜
➉
➂
➊ ➋
➑
➋
➄
➌ ➏
➜
➋ ➆
➐
➏
➑
➋
➂ ➃ ➄
➆ ➏ ➡ ➊
➄
➇
➄ ➐ ➐ ➂
➊
➑ ➜
➌ ➍
➂
➌
➂
➎ ➆
➐
➡
➄
➊ ➡
➄
➌ ➍ ➆ ➇
➜
➉
➂
➊
➏
➑
➅
➑
➏ ➒ ➏ ➒
➄ ➂
➌
→➜
➉
➂
➊ ➋
➑
➋
➄
➌ ➏
➜
➋
➂
➌ ➍ ➏ ➒
➄
➏
➑
➊ ➤
➜ ➄
➓
➨
➄
➊ ➆
➛
➈
➂
➉ ➉ ➏ ➒
➄ ➐ ➄ ➐
➏
➂
➏
➄
➋
➄
➌ ➏
➐
➓
➩➫ ➭ ➯ ➭ ➲ ➳ ➳ ➵ ➸ ➺ ➯ ➻ ➼

✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❆ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ▲ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✔ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✖ ☞ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✌ ✘ ✈ ✥ ☞ ✏ ✌
✎ ✗ ✒ ♣ ✌ ✙ ✏ ✌ ✚ ✗ ✛ ☞ ✒ ♣ ✚ ✌ ✏ ♣ ✌ t ✜ ✢ ☞ ✕ ✏ ♣ ✌ ✌ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✓ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✌ ☞
✌ ✍ ☞ ✏ ♣ ✣ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✛ ✗ ✛ ☞ ♣ ✌ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✔ ☞ ✏ ✥ ✗ ❡ ✌
✏ ♣ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✌ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✗ ✒ ♣ ✌ ❛ ✦
❋ ✧ ★ ✩✪✫ ✬
❚ ✍ ☞ ✏ ♣ ✣ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✛ ✗ ✛ ☞ ♣ ✌ ❡ ✛ ✒ ✚ ❧ ✭ r ✮ ♠ ✈ ✦ ✳ ✌ ✚
✛ ✏ ✣ ♣ ✒ ✌ ❡ ✯ ☞ ✒ ✚ ♠ ✰ ✱ ✚ ✒ ♣ ✲ ✴ ✕ ✍ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✲ ✒ ✚ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✏ ♣ ✣ ✔ ☞
✥ ☞ ✌ ✕ ☞ ☞ ♣ r ✏ ♣ ✯ ✈ ✏ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✗ ✕ ♣ ✒ ♣ ✵ ✒ ✣ ✦ ✷ ✦ ✸ ✹ ✦ ✺ ✔ ✌ ✍ ✗ ❡ ✣ ✍
✌ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✔ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✏ ♣ ✣ ☞ ✚ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✛ ☞ ✴ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✔ ✒ ♣ ☞
✗ ✤ ✯ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✗ ✤ ✈ ✑ ☞ ✛ ✏ ✒ ♣ ✚ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✚ ✏ ✛ ☞ ✏ ♣ ✯ ✍ ☞ ♣ ✓ ☞
❛ ❖ ✭ ✱ ✻ ✼✽ ✾ ✦ ✒ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✗ ♣ ✚ ✌ ✏ ♣ ✌ ✦
✵ ❡ ✑ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✴ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✯ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✗ ✤ ❧ ✒ ✚ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✎ ☞ ♣ ✯ ✒ ✓ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✑
✌ ✗ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✔ ✏ ♣ ☞ ✗ ✤ r ✏ ♣ ✯ ✈ ✦ ✳ ✌ ✒ ✚ ✒ ♣ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✣ ☞ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞
✤ ✒ ✣ ❡ ✑ ☞ ✦ ❚ ✍ ✒ ✚ ✯ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✯ ✗ ☞ ✚ ♣ ✗ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✏ ♣ ✣ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✛ ☞ ✦
❚ ✍ ❡ ✚ ✴ ❧ ✑ ☞ ✛ ✏ ✒ ♣ ✚ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✚ ✏ ✛ ☞ ✒ ♣ ✛ ✏ ✣ ♣ ✒ ✌ ❡ ✯ ☞ ✏ ♣ ✯
✯ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✏ ♣ ✯ ✒ ✚ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✤ ✗ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✗ ♣ ✚ ☞ ✑ ✖ ☞ ✯ ✦ ✳ ✚ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ☞
✏ ♣ ✘ ☞
✿
✌ ☞ ✑ ♣ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✗ ✑
q
❡ ☞ ✗ ♣ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✔ ☞
❀ ❁
❂ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❈❉ ❊ ❉ ● ❍ ❉ ❈ ■ ❏ ❑ ▼ ❍ ❉ ◆ ❉ ◗ ● ❏ ◗ ❘
✢ ☞ ✏ ✑ ☞ ♣ ✗ ✕ ✣ ✗ ✒ ♣ ✣ ✌ ✗ ✓ ✗ ♣ ✓ ☞ ♣ ✌ ✑ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✗ ♣ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✛ ✗ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣
✗ ✤ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✯ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✒ ☞ ✚ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✏ ♣ ✗ ♣ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✛ ✗ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✗ ✤
✣ ☞ ♣ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✔ ✚ ✘ ✚ ✌ ☞ ✛ ✚ ✗ ✤ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✔ ☞ ✚ ✦
✢ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✑ ☞ ✓ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✌ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✕ ✍ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✤ ✤ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✌ ✍ ☞
☞
✿
✌ ☞ ✑ ♣ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✗ ♣ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✯ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✦ ♥ ❙ ☞ ♣ ✓ ☞ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✍
✕ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✗ ✛ ✒ ✌ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✏ ✯ ✇ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✖ ☞ ❯ ☞
✿
✌ ☞ ✑ ♣ ✏ ✔ ➆ ✥ ☞ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✚ ☞
❡ ♣ ✔ ☞ ✚ ✚ ✚ ✌ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✯ ✗ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✕ ✒ ✚ ☞ ✴ ✕ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✯ ☞ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✗ ♣ ✔ ✘
☞
✿
✌ ☞ ✑ ♣ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✚ ✏ ♣ ✯ ✌ ✗ ✑
q
❡ ☞ ✚ ✦ ❝ ❚ ✍ ☞ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✚ ✓ ✍ ✏ ♣ ✣ ☞
✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✏ ♣ ✚ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✏ ✔ ✚ ✌ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✛ ✗ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✯
✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✴ ✒ ✦ ☞ ✦ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✏ ♣ ✣ ☞ ✒ ✌ ✚ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✒ ♣ ☞ ✏ ✑ ✛ ✗ ✛ ☞ ♣ ✌ ❡ ✛
✒ ♣ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✗ ✑ ✯ ✏ ♣ ✓ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✍
❞ q
✦ ♥ ✷ ✦ ✸ ✷ ❝ ✦
❱
❡ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✚ ♣ ✗ ✌
✌ ✍ ☞ ✗ ♣ ✔ ✘ ☞ ✤ ✤ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✚ ✍ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✦ ❚ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✗ ✑
q
❡ ☞
✗ ♣ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✛ ✏ ✘ ♣ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✏ ♣ ✒ ✚ ✍ ✦
♦
❡ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✗ ✑
q
❡ ☞
✓ ✍ ✏ ♣ ✣ ☞ ✚ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✏ ✔ ✚ ✌ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✗ ✤ ✛ ✗ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞
✑ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✯ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✴ ✒ ✦ ☞ ✦ ✒ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✏ ♣ ✣ ☞ ✚ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✏ ♣ ✣ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✑
✛ ✗ ✛ ☞ ♣ ✌ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✒ ♣ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✗ ✑ ✯ ✏ ♣ ✓ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✍
❞ q
✦
♥ ✷ ✦
❲ ❳
✥ ❝ ✦
✺ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✯ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✚ ✏ ✒ ✯ ✌ ✗ ✥ ☞ ✒ ♣ ✛ ☞ ✓ ✍ ✏ ♣ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✔
☞
q
❡ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✥ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✛ ✴ ✒ ✤ ✥ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✚ ✔ ✒ ♣ ☞ ✏ ✑ ✛ ✗ ✛ ☞ ♣ ✌ ❡ ✛ ✏ ♣ ✯
✏ ♣ ✣ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✛ ✗ ✛ ☞ ♣ ✌ ❡ ✛ ✏ ✑ ☞ ♣ ✗ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✏ ♣ ✣ ✒ ♣ ✣ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✛ ☞ ✴
✗ ✑ ☞
q
❡ ✒ ✖ ✏ ✔ ☞ ♣ ✌ ✔ ✘ ✴ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✍ ✏ ✚ ♣ ☞ ✒ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✔ ✒ ♣ ☞ ✏ ✑
✏ ✓ ✓ ☞ ✔ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ♣ ✗ ✑ ✏ ♣ ✣ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✓ ☞ ✔ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✦ ❚ ✍ ✒ ✚
✛ ☞ ✏ ♣ ✚
♥ ✸ ❝ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✴ ✒ ✦ ☞ ✦ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✖ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✗ ✑ ✚ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞
✤ ✗ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✚ ✴ ✗ ♣ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✯ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✒ ✚ ❢ ☞ ✑ ✗ ❨
❩ ❬
❩
❭ ❭ ❭
❪
❪ ❫
❫ ❴
❵ ❵ ❵ ❜ ❜
❣
❤ ❤ ❤ ❤ ✐
♥ ✷ ✦
❥ ❦
✏ ❝
✳ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✗ ♣ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✒ ✚ ❢ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✴ ✌ ✍ ☞ ♣
✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✒ ♣ ☞ ✏ ✑ ✛ ✗ ✛ ☞ ♣ ✌ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✯ ✗ ☞ ✚
♣ ✗ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✏ ♣ ✣ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✛ ☞ ✦
❞ q
✦ ♥ ✷ ✦
❥ ❦
✏ ❝ ✣ ✒ ✖ ☞ ✚ ✌ ✍ ☞
✓ ✗ ♣ ✯ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✏ ♣ ✚ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✏ ✔ ☞
q
❡ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✥ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✛
✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✦
♥
❲
❝ ❚ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✗ ✑
q
❡ ☞ ✴ ✒ ✦ ☞ ✦ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✖ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✗ ✑ ✚ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞
✌ ✗ ✑
q
❡ ☞ ✚ ✗ ♣ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✯ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✒ ✚ ❢ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✴
❩ ❬
❩
❭ ❭ ❭
❪
❪ ❫
❫ ❴
❵ ❵ ❵ ❜ ❜
❣
✐
♥ ✷ ✦
❥ ❦
✥ ❝
✳ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✗ ✑
q
❡ ☞ ✗ ♣ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✯ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✒ ✚ ❢ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✴
✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✏ ♣ ✣ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✛ ✗ ✛ ☞ ♣ ✌ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✯ ✗ ☞ ✚
♣ ✗ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✏ ♣ ✣ ☞ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✛ ☞ ✦
❞ q
✦ ♥ ✷ ✦
❥ ❦
✥ ❝ ✣ ✒ ✖ ☞ ✚ ✌ ✍ ☞
✓ ✗ ♣ ✯ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✏ ✔ ☞
q
❡ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✥ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞
✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✦
❛ ♣ ☞ ✛ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✚ ☞ ✏
q
❡ ☞ ✚ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✴ ✕ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✌ ✍ ☞
✑ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✏ ✔ ☞
q
❡ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✥ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✛ ✓ ✗ ♣ ✯ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣
s ❞ q
✦ ✷ ✦
❥ ❦
♥ ✥ ❝
✉
✑ ☞ ✛ ✏ ✒ ♣ ✚ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✒ ✯ ✴ ✒ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✒ ♣ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✚ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✌ ✗ ✕ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✍
✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✑
q
❡ ☞ ✚ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✏
①
☞ ♣ ✒ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✒ ✤ ✌ ☞ ✯ ✦ ❛ ♣ ☞ ✓ ✏ ♣ ✚ ✍ ✗ ✕
✌ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✏ ♣ ✚ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✏ ✔ ☞
q
❡ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✥ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✛ ✓ ✗ ♣ ✯ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣
s ❞ q
✦ ✷ ✦
❥ ❦
♥ ✏ ❝
✉
✍ ✗ ✔ ✯ ✚ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✯ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✴ ✌ ✍ ☞ ♣ ✚ ❡ ✓ ✍ ✏
✚ ✍ ✒ ✤ ✌ ✗ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✒ ♣ ✯ ✗ ☞ ✚ ♣ ✗ ✌ ✛ ✏ ✌ ✌ ☞ ✑ ✴ ✒ ✦ ☞ ✦ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✏ ✔
☞
q
❡ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✥ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✛ ✓ ✗ ♣ ✯ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✒ ✚ ✒ ♣ ✯ ☞ ✎ ☞ ♣ ✯ ☞ ♣ ✌ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞
✔ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✒ ♣ ✏ ✥ ✗ ❡ ✌ ✕ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✑
q
❡ ☞ ✚
✏ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✏
①
☞ ♣ ✦
❞ ✿
✏ ✛ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✷ ✦ ✷ ✣ ✒ ✖ ☞ ✚ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✗ ✤ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✚
✑ ☞ ✚ ❡ ✔ ✌ ✒ ♣ ✏ ✚ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✚ ☞ ✗ ✤ ✏ ✓ ✗ ❡ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✴ ✒ ✦ ☞ ✦ ✌ ✕ ✗ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✚
✏ ✓ ✌ ✒ ♣ ✣ ✗ ♣ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✯ ✥ ✗ ✯ ✘ ✒ ♣ ✌ ✑ ✏ ♣ ✚ ✔ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✏ ✔
☞
q
❡ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✥ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✛ ✦ ❚ ✍ ☞ ✣ ☞ ♣ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✔ ✒ ✚ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✚ ✑ ☞ ✚ ❡ ✔ ✌ ✌ ✗
✽ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✚ ✒ ✚ ✔ ☞ ✤ ✌ ✏ ✚ ✏ ♣ ☞
✿
☞ ✑ ✓ ✒ ✚ ☞ ✦
❞ q
✦ ♥ ✷ ✦
❥ ❦
✏ ❝ ✏ ♣ ✯
❞ q
✦ ♥ ✷ ✦
❥ ❦
✥ ❝ ✴ ✥ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✴ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✖ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✗ ✑
☞
q
❡ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✚ ✦ ❚ ✍ ☞ ✘ ✏ ✑ ☞ ☞
q
❡ ✒ ✖ ✏ ✔ ☞ ♣ ✌ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✑ ☞ ☞ ✚ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✑
☞
q
❡ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✚ ☞ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✦
❞ q
✦ ♥ ✷ ✦
❥ ❦
✏ ❝ ✓ ✗ ✑ ✑ ☞ ✚ ✎ ✗ ♣ ✯ ✚ ✌ ✗
②
③
④
⑤ ⑥
⑤
⑦
⑧
⑨
⑩
✴
②
③
④
⑤ ❶
⑤
⑦
⑧
⑨
⑩
✏ ♣ ✯
②
③
④
⑤ ❷
⑤
⑦
⑧
⑨
⑩
♥ ✷ ✦
❥
✸ ✏ ❝
✕ ✍ ☞ ✑ ☞ ❸
❹ ❺
✴ ❸
❹ ❻
✏ ♣ ✯ ❸
❹ ❼
✏ ✑ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✚ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✖ ☞ ✔ ✘ ✌ ✍ ☞ ❽ ❾ ❿
✏ ♣ ✯ ➀ ✓ ✗ ✛ ✎ ✗ ♣ ☞ ♣ ✌ ✚ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✓ ☞ ✚
❑
❹
✦
♦
✒ ✛ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✘ ✴
❞ q
✦ ♥ ✷ ✦
❥ ❦
✥ ❝ ✒ ✚ ☞
q
❡ ✒ ✖ ✏ ✔ ☞ ♣ ✌ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✑ ☞ ☞ ✚ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✑
☞
q
❡ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✗ ♣ ✚
➁
➂
➃
➄ ➅
➄
➇
➈
➉
➊
✴
➁
➂
➃
➄ ➋
➄
➇
➈
➉
➊
✏ ♣ ✯
➁
➂
➃
➄ ➌
➄
➇
➈
➉
➊
♥ ✷ ✦
❥
✸ ✥ ❝
✕ ✍ ☞ ✑ ☞ ➍
❹ ❺
✴ ➍
❹ ❻
✏ ♣ ✯ ➍
❹ ❼
✏ ✑ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✚ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✖ ☞ ✔ ✘ ✌ ✍ ☞ ❽ ❾ ❿
✏ ♣ ✯ ➀ ✓ ✗ ✛ ✎ ✗ ♣ ☞ ♣ ✌ ✚ ✗ ✤ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✑
q
❡ ☞ ➎
❹
✦
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✺ ✾
❊ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✕ ✤
❝ ✥ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✜ ✤ ✥ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✜ ✦ ✙ ✛ ✖ ✦ ✥ ✧ ★ ✛ ❝ ✩ ✓ ✕ ✙ ❝ ✓ ✪
✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★ ✥ ✦ ✓ ✧ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✫ ✍ ✬ ✕ ✓ ✕ ❡ ★ ✗ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✦
✣ ✧ ✥ ✗ ✪ ✛ ★ ✜ ✓ ✪ ✪ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✜ ✓ ❝ ✤ ✙ ✕ ✘ ✥ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✫ ✓ ✧ ✛
❝ ✥ ✣ ✪ ✓ ✕ ✓ ✧ ✍ ✳ ✩ ✛ ✕ ✭ ✛ ✕ ✛ ✛ ✖ ✥ ✕ ✪ ✫ ✤ ✩ ✧ ✛ ✛ ❝ ✥ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✜
✤ ✥ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✜ ✦ ✙ ✛ ✖ ✦ ✥ ✧ ★ ✛ ❝ ✩ ✓ ✕ ✙ ❝ ✓ ✪ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★ ✍ ✳ ✭ ✥
✥ ✦ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✛ ❝ ✥ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✜ ❝ ✥ ✧ ✧ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✥ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✧ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✪ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✪
✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★ ✮ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✜ ❡ ★ ✥ ✦ ✤ ✩ ✛ ❝ ✥ ★ ✣ ✥ ✕ ✛ ✕ ✤ ✜ ✥ ✦ ✤ ✩ ✛
✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✪ ✥ ✕ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✫ ✤ ✭ ✥ ✣ ✛ ✧ ✣ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✙ ❝ ❡ ✪ ✓ ✧ ✓ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛
✣ ✪ ✓ ✕ ✛ ★ ❡ ✜ ✤ ✗ ✛ ♣ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✍ ✳ ✩ ✛ ✤ ✩ ✙ ✧ ✖ ❝ ✥ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕
❝ ✥ ✧ ✧ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✥ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✤ ✥ ✧ ✥ ✤ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✪ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★ ✍ ✳ ✩ ✛ ✜ ❡ ★
✥ ✦ ✤ ✩ ✛ ❝ ✥ ★ ✣ ✥ ✕ ✛ ✕ ✤ ✜ ✥ ✦ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✤ ✥ ✧ ✌ ❡ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✪ ✥ ✕ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✫ ✓ ✢ ✙ ✜
✣ ✛ ✧ ✣ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✙ ❝ ❡ ✪ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✣ ✪ ✓ ✕ ✛ ✥ ✦ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✜ ★ ❡ ✜ ✤
✗ ✛ ♣ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✍
✳ ✩ ✛ ❝ ✥ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✜ ✥ ✦ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★ ✥ ✦ ✓ ✧ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✫
★ ✓ ✫ ✗ ✛ ❝ ✥ ★ ✣ ✓ ✧ ✛ ✖ ✭ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✤ ✩ ✥ ✜ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✧ ✓ ✣ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✙ ❝ ✪ ✛
✯
✭ ✩ ✙ ❝ ✩ ✭ ✛ ❝ ✥ ✕ ✜ ✙ ✖ ✛ ✧ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✛ ✓ ✧ ✪ ✙ ✛ ✧ ❝ ✩ ✓ ✣ ✤ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✍
✇
✙ ✕ ❝ ✛
❝ ✥ ✕ ✜ ✙ ✖ ✛ ✧ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✥ ✦ ✧ ✥ ✤ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✪ ★ ✥ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✖ ✥ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✥ ✤
✓ ✣ ✣ ✪ ✫ ✤ ✥ ✓ ✣ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✙ ❝ ✪ ✛
✯
✥ ✕ ✪ ✫ ✤ ✩ ✛ ❝ ✥ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✜ ✦ ✥ ✧
✤ ✧ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✪ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✪ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★ ✎ ❊ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✑
t
✓ ✔ ✓ ✣ ✣ ✪ ✫ ✤ ✥
✓ ✣ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✙ ❝ ✪ ✛ ✍ ✳ ✩ ❡ ✜
✯
✦ ✥ ✧ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★ ✥ ✦ ✓ ✣ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✙ ❝ ✪ ✛
✤ ✩ ✛ ✚ ✛ ❝ ✤ ✥ ✧ ✜ ❡ ★ ✥ ✦ ✓ ✪ ✪ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✜ ✥ ✕ ✙ ✤ ★ ❡ ✜ ✤ ✗ ✛
♣ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✍
✇
✙ ✕ ❝ ✛ ✓ ✪ ✪ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✜ ✓ ❝ ✤ ✥ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✙ ✕ ✘ ✪ ✛
✣ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✙ ❝ ✪ ✛
✯
✤ ✩ ✛ ✫ ★ ❡ ✜ ✤ ✗ ✛ ❝ ✥ ✕ ❝ ❡ ✧ ✧ ✛ ✕ ✤ ✍ ❊ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★
❡ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✧ ❝ ✥ ✕ ❝ ❡ ✧ ✧ ✛ ✕ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✜ ✭ ✓ ✜ ✖ ✙ ✜ ❝ ❡ ✜ ✜ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛
✛ ✓ ✧ ✪ ✙ ✛ ✧ ❝ ✩ ✓ ✣ ✤ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✍
❆
✗ ✥ ✖ ✫ ★ ✓ ✫ ✗ ✛ ✙ ✕ ✣ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✙ ✓ ✪ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★
✯
✙ ✍ ✛ ✍
✯
✙ ✤
★ ✓ ✫ ✗ ✛ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✧ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✪ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✪ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✥ ✤ ✙ ✕
✧ ✥ ✤ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✪ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★
✯
✥ ✧ ✙ ✤ ★ ✓ ✫ ✗ ✛ ✙ ✕ ✧ ✥ ✤ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✪
✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✥ ✤ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✧ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✪ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✪
✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★ ✍
❈
✥ ✕ ✜ ✙ ✖ ✛ ✧ ✓ ✪ ✙ ✘ ✩ ✤ ✎ ✙ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✥ ✦ ✕ ✛ ✘ ✪ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✗ ✪ ✛ ★ ✓ ✜ ✜ ✔ ✧ ✥ ✖
✎
❆ ✰
✔
✯
✓ ✤ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✤ ✭ ✥ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✎
❆
✓ ✕ ✖
✰
✔ ✥ ✦ ✭ ✩ ✙ ❝ ✩ ✤ ✭ ✥
✣ ✓ ✧ ✓ ✪ ✪ ✛ ✪ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✥ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✓ ✪ ✙ ✕ ★ ✓ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✤ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✓ ✧ ✛
✓ ✣ ✣ ✪ ✙ ✛ ✖ ✣ ✛ ✧ ✣ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✙ ❝ ❡ ✪ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✜ ✜ ✩ ✥ ✭ ✕ ✙ ✕
❋
✙ ✘ ✍ ✏ ✍
✱ t
✎ ✓ ✔ ✍
✲ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✸ ✷ ✹✻ ✼ ✽ ✿
▲
✛ ✤
❈
✗ ✛ ✤ ✩ ✛ ★ ✙ ✖ ✣ ✥ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✥ ✦
❆ ✰✯ ❈❆ ❀ ❈ ✰ ❀ ❛
✍
✤ ✩ ✛ ★ ✥ ★ ✛ ✕ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✤
❆
✓ ✕ ✖
✰
✭ ✙ ✪ ✪ ✗ ✥ ✤ ✩
✗ ✛ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✓ ✪ ✙ ✕ ★ ✓ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✤ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✎
❛ ❁
✔
✯
✗ ❡ ✤ ✥ ✣ ✣ ✥ ✜ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✙ ✕
✜ ✛ ✕ ✜ ✛ ✓ ✜ ✜ ✩ ✥ ✭ ✕ ✍ ✳ ✩ ✛ ✕ ✛ ✤ ★ ✥ ★ ✛ ✕ ✤ ✥ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✖
✭ ✙ ✪ ✪ ✗ ✛ ♣ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✍ ✳ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✫ ✜ ✤ ✛ ★ ✭ ✙ ✪ ✪ ✗ ✛ ✙ ✕ ✧ ✥ ✤ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✪
✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★
✯
✗ ❡ ✤ ✙ ✤ ✭ ✙ ✪ ✪ ✕ ✥ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✧ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✪ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✪
✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★ ✮
❂
❃
❄ ❅
✲ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✸ ✷ ✹✻ ✼
❇
✿
✳ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✓ ✤
✰
✙ ✕
❋
✙ ✘ ✍ ✏ ✍
✱ t
✎ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✜ ✧ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✕
❋
✙ ✘ ✍ ✏ ✍
✱ t
✎ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✳ ✩ ❡ ✜
✯
✭ ✛ ✩ ✓ ✚ ✛ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✓ ★ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✖ ✭ ✙ ✤ ✩
✤ ✭ ✥ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✓ ✪ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✥ ✣ ✣ ✥ ✜ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✣ ✣ ✪ ✙ ✛ ✖
✣ ✛ ✧ ✣ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✙ ❝ ❡ ✪ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✖
✯
✥ ✕ ✛ ✓ ✤ ✛ ✕ ✖
❆
✓ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✩ ✛
✥ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✧ ✓ ✤ ✛ ✕ ✖
✰
✍ ♦ ✛ ✧ ✛ ✤ ✩ ✛ ★ ✥ ★ ✛ ✕ ✤ ✜ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✥ ✤ ✩ ✤ ✩ ✛
✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✧ ✛ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✓ ✪
✯
✗ ❡ ✤ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✫ ✓ ✧ ✛ ✕ ✥ ✤ ✥ ✣ ✣ ✥ ✜ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✮ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✫
✓ ❝ ✤ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✓ ★ ✛ ✜ ✛ ✕ ✜ ✛ ✓ ✕ ✖ ❝ ✓ ❡ ✜ ✛ ✓ ✕ ✤ ✙ ❝ ✪ ✥ ❝
❉
✭ ✙ ✜ ✛
✧ ✥ ✤ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✥ ✦ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✖ ✍ ✳ ✩ ✛ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✓ ✪ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✥ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✫
✙ ✜ ♣ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✮ ✜ ✥ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✫ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✧ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✪ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✪
✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★ ✮ ✗ ❡ ✤ ✙ ✤ ✙ ✜ ✕ ✥ ✤ ✙ ✕ ✧ ✥ ✤ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✓ ✪
✛ ✌ ❡ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✧ ✙ ❡ ★ ✍
❆
✪ ✤ ✩ ✥ ❡ ✘ ✩ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✖ ✙ ✜ ✕ ✥ ✤ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✕
✓ ✕ ✫ ✭ ✓ ✫
✯
✙ ✤ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✧ ✘ ✥ ✛ ✜ ✣ ❡ ✧ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✤ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✎ ✙ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✧ ✥ ✤ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕
✭ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✥ ❡ ✤ ✤ ✧ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✪ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✔ ✍
❆
✣ ✓ ✙ ✧ ✥ ✦ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✓ ✪ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✥ ✣ ✣ ✥ ✜ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✜ ✭ ✙ ✤ ✩
✖ ✙ ✦ ✦ ✛ ✧ ✛ ✕ ✤ ✪ ✙ ✕ ✛ ✜ ✥ ✦ ✓ ❝ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✙ ✜
❉
✕ ✥ ✭ ✕ ✓ ✜ ✓ ● ❍ ■ ❏ ❑ ▼ ◆
❆
❝ ✥ ❡ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✣ ✧ ✥ ✖ ❡ ❝ ✛ ✜ ✧ ✥ ✤ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✭ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✥ ❡ ✤ ✤ ✧ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✪ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✍
❲ ✩ ✛ ✕ ✭ ✛ ✥ ✣ ✛ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✪ ✙ ✖ ✥ ✦ ✓ ✗ ✥ ✤ ✤ ✪ ✛ ✗ ✫ ✤ ❡ ✧ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✘
✙ ✤
✯
✥ ❡ ✧ ✦ ✙ ✕ ✘ ✛ ✧ ✜ ✓ ✧ ✛ ✓ ✣ ✣ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✕ ✘ ✓ ❝ ✥ ❡ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✪ ✙ ✖
❬ ❋
✙ ✘ ✍ ✏ ✍
✱
✒ ✎ ✓ ✔
❖
✍
❆
✕ ✥ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✧
❉
✕ ✥ ✭ ✕ ✛ ✢ ✓ ★ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✙ ✜ ✓
❝ ✥ ★ ✣ ✓ ✜ ✜ ✕ ✛ ✛ ✖ ✪ ✛ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✛ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✩ P ✜ ★ ✓ ✘ ✕ ✛ ✤ ✙ ❝ ✦ ✙ ✛ ✪ ✖ ✓ ✜
✜ ✩ ✥ ✭ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛
❋
✙ ✘ ✍ ✏ ✍
✱
✒ ✎ ✗ ✔ ✍ ✳ ✩ ✛ ✛ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✩ P ✜ ★ ✓ ✘ ✕ ✛ ✤ ✙ ❝
✦ ✙ ✛ ✪ ✖ ✛ ✢ ✛ ✧ ✤ ✜ ✛ ✌ ❡ ✓ ✪ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✜ ✥ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✕ ✥ ✧ ✤ ✩ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✥ ❡ ✤ ✩
✣ ✥ ✪ ✛ ✜ ✍ ✳ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✥ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛
◗
✥ ✧ ✤ ✩
❘
✥ ✪ ✛ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✥ ✭ ✓ ✧ ✖ ✜
✤ ✩ ✛ ✕ ✥ ✧ ✤ ✩
✯
✓ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✥ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛
✇
✥ ❡ ✤ ✩
❘
✥ ✪ ✛ ✙ ✜
✤ ✥ ✭ ✓ ✧ ✖ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✥ ❡ ✤ ✩ ✍ ❊ ✢ ❝ ✛ ✣ ✤ ✭ ✩ ✛ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✕ ✛ ✛ ✖ ✪ ✛ ✣ ✥ ✙ ✕ ✤ ✜
✙ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✕ ✥ ✧ ✤ ✩
✐
✜ ✥ ❡ ✤ ✩ ✖ ✙ ✧ ✛ ❝ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✮ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✤ ✭ ✥ ✦ ✥ ✧ ❝ ✛ ✜ ✖ ✥
✕ ✥ ✤ ✩ ✓ ✚ ✛ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✓ ★ ✛ ✪ ✙ ✕ ✛ ✥ ✦ ✓ ❝ ✤ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✍ ✳ ✩ ❡ ✜ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✧ ✛ ✙ ✜
✓ ● ❍ ■ ❏ ❑ ▼ ✓ ❝ ✤ ✙ ✕ ✘ ✥ ✕ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✕ ✛ ✛ ✖ ✪ ✛ ✖ ❡ ✛ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✩ ✛ ✛ ✓ ✧ ✤ ✩ P ✜
★ ✓ ✘ ✕ ✛ ✤ ✙ ❝ ✦ ✙ ✛ ✪ ✖ ✍
✲ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✸ ✷ ✹❯ ✼ ✽ ✿ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❩❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❨ ❵ ❜ ❞ ❞ ❢ ❣ ❜ ❤ ❥❳ ❞ ❢ ❴ ❦ ❥ ❦❳ ❨ ❪ ❦♥ ❴
❢ ❭
❧ ♠
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
✞
❋ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡ ☞✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ❚ ✑ ✒ ✓✔ ✕ ✖✑ ✗ ✘ ✙✔ ✚ ✛ ✒ ✖✜ ✢ ✣✜ ✒ ✤ ✥ ✒✦✒✕ ✖ ✘ ✒ ✧ ★ ✔ ✤
✔ ✛ ✥
❛✩ ✩ ❛
✘ ✜ ✖ ✒ ✣
❛
✕ ✢ ✒✘
❛
✛ ✖✑ ✒
✩ ❛
✤ ✒ ✘
❛
✣ ✔
✢
❛
✙
✩
✔ ✘✘ ✛ ✒✒✥ ✤ ✒
❝
❚ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✖
✪❛
✣
❛
✕ ✢ ✒ ✘ ✣
❛
✕ ✙
✔ ✢
❛
★
✩
✤ ✒
❝
❊ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✱ ❙ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✳ ✸ ✷ ✹ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✷ ✴ ✼ ✸
✽ ✴ ✾ ✿ ❀ ✺ ❁ ✴ ✺ ❂ ✻ ✴ ✷ ❁ ✺ ✿ ✺ ✻ ❁ ✴ ✻ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✿ ✴ ❃ ✻ ✷ ✸ ❄ ✴ ✾ ✷
✵ ✳ ❃ ✽ ✳ ✇ ✴ ✾ ✷ ✸ ❅ ✺ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✹ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✷ ❂ ❆
❇ ❈ ❉ ● ✰ ❍
❋ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛✡☞☞
■
✴ ✻ ❂ ❃ ❁ ✺
❏
✸ ✽ ✴ ✾ ✿ ❀ ✺ ✸ ❂ ❂ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✻ ❃ ✻
❑
❃
▲
❆
▼
❆
◆ ◆
✸ ✽ ✷ ❃ ✻
▲
✴ ✻ ✸
❏
❃
▲
❃ ❁ ❄ ✴ ❁ ✇ ❆
❖
✳ ✺ ✼ ✴
❏
✽ ✺ ❂
◗
✸ ✻ ❁
❘ ◗
✸ ✽ ✷
❏
✺ ❂ ✿ ✺ ✽ ✷ ❃
❡
✺ ❀ ✇ ✸ ✷ ✿ ✴ ❃ ✻ ✷ ❂
❯
✸ ✻ ❁
❱
❆
❖
✳ ✺ ❂ ✺ ✿ ✴ ❃ ✻ ✷ ❂ ✳ ✸
❡
✺
✿ ✴ ❂ ❃ ✷ ❃ ✴ ✻
❡
✺ ✽ ✷ ✴
❏
❂
r
❲
✸ ✻ ❁
r
❳
✵ ❃ ✷ ✳
❏
✺ ❂ ✿ ✺ ✽ ✷ ✷ ✴ ✴
❏
❃
▲
❃ ✻
❨
❆
❩
✺ ✷ ✾ ❂ ✷ ✸ ❅ ✺ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✹ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✷ ❂ ✴ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✼ ✴
❏
✽ ✺ ❂ ✸ ❄ ✴ ✾ ✷
✷ ✳ ✺ ✴
❏
❃
▲
❃ ✻ ❆
❖
✳ ✺ ✹ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✷ ✴ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✽ ✴ ✾ ✿ ❀ ✺
❬
❂ ✾ ✹ ✴ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✺
✹ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✷ ❂ ✴ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✷ ✵ ✴ ✼ ✴
❏
✽ ✺ ❂ ✹ ✸ ❅ ❃ ✻
▲
✷ ✳ ✺ ✽ ✴ ✾ ✿ ❀ ✺
❬ r
❲
❭ ❪ ❫ ◗ ❴ ❵ r
❳
❭ ◗
❬ r
❳
❭ ◗ ❫ r
❲
❭ ◗
❬ ❪ r
❳
❫ r
❲
❜
❭ ◗
❯
✾ ✷
r
❲
❵
❞ ❢
❬ r
❳
❣ ✸ ✻ ❁ ✳ ✺ ✻ ✽ ✺ ❞ ❢
❬ r
❳
❫ r
❲
❆
❖
✳ ✺ ✹ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✷ ✴ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✽ ✴ ✾ ✿ ❀ ✺ ❣ ✷ ✳ ✺
❏
✺ ✼ ✴
❏
✺ ❣ ❃ ❂
❞ ❢
❭ ◗
❤
■
❀ ✺ ✸
❏
❀ ✇ ✷ ✳ ❃ ❂ ❃ ❂ ❃ ✻ ❁ ✺ ✿ ✺ ✻ ❁ ✺ ✻ ✷ ✴ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✴
❏
❃
▲
❃ ✻ ❣ ✷ ✳ ✺
✿ ✴ ❃ ✻ ✷ ✸ ❄ ✴ ✾ ✷ ✵ ✳ ❃ ✽ ✳ ✵ ✺ ✷ ✴ ✴ ❅ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✹ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✷ ❂ ✴ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✺
✼ ✴
❏
✽ ✺ ❂ ❆ ✐
❥
❤
❦
❤
❧ ♠ r♥ ♦ ♣ ♥ q s t ✉ ✈ ① ✉ ① t ♦ ②③
❱
✻ ❃ ❁ ✺ ✸ ❀ ❀ ✺
❡
✺
❏
❃ ❂ ✺ ❂ ❂ ✺ ✻ ✷ ❃ ✸ ❀ ❀ ✇ ✸ ❀ ❃
▲
✳ ✷
❪
❃ ❆ ✺ ❆ ✴ ✼
✻ ✺
▲
❀ ❃
▲
❃ ❄ ❀ ✺ ✹ ✸ ❂ ❂ ❜
❏
✴ ❁ ✿ ❃
❡
✴ ✷ ✺ ❁ ✸ ✷ ✸ ✿ ✴ ❃ ✻ ✷ ✸ ❀ ✴ ✻
▲
❃ ✷ ❂
❀ ✺ ✻
▲
✷ ✳ ❆
❖
✳ ❃ ❂ ✿ ✴ ❃ ✻ ✷ ❃ ❂ ✽ ✸ ❀ ❀ ✺ ❁ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✼ ✾ ❀ ✽
❏
✾ ✹ ❆
❱
❂ ✺ ✺
❘
❂ ✸ ✵ ✴ ✻ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✽ ✳ ❃ ❀ ❁
❏
✺ ✻
④
❂ ✿ ❀ ✸ ✇
▲ ❏
✴ ✾ ✻ ❁ ❃ ❂ ✸ ✷ ✇ ✿ ❃ ✽ ✸ ❀
✺
⑤
✸ ✹ ✿ ❀ ✺ ✴ ✼ ✸ ❀ ✺
❡
✺
❏
❆
❖
✵ ✴ ✼ ✴
❏
✽ ✺ ❂
⑥
❲
✸ ✻ ❁
⑥
❳
❣ ✿ ✸
❏
✸ ❀ ❀ ✺ ❀
✷ ✴ ✺ ✸ ✽ ✳ ✴ ✷ ✳ ✺
❏
✸ ✻ ❁ ✾ ❂ ✾ ✸ ❀ ❀ ✇ ✿ ✺
❏
✿ ✺ ✻ ❁ ❃ ✽ ✾ ❀ ✸
❏
✷ ✴ ✷ ✳ ✺
❀ ✺
❡
✺
❏
❣ ✸ ❂ ❂ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✻ ✳ ✺
❏
✺ ❣ ✸ ✽ ✷ ✴ ✻ ✷ ✳ ✺ ❀ ✺
❡
✺
❏
✸ ✷
❁ ❃ ❂ ✷ ✸ ✻ ✽ ✺ ❂
⑦
❲
✸ ✻ ❁
⑦
❳
❏
✺ ❂ ✿ ✺ ✽ ✷ ❃
❡
✺ ❀ ✇ ✼
❏
✴ ✹ ✷ ✳ ✺
✼ ✾ ❀ ✽
❏
✾ ✹ ✸ ❂ ❂ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✻ ❃ ✻
❑
❃
▲
❆
▼
❆
◆ ⑧
❆
❋ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡☞ ⑨
❖
✳ ✺ ❀ ✺
❡
✺
❏
❃ ❂ ✸ ❂ ✇ ❂ ✷ ✺ ✹ ❃ ✻ ✹ ✺ ✽ ✳ ✸ ✻ ❃ ✽ ✸ ❀
✺ ⑩ ✾ ❃ ❀ ❃ ❄
❏
❃ ✾ ✹ ❆
❩
✺ ✷ ❶ ❄ ✺ ✷ ✳ ✺
❏
✺ ✸ ✽ ✷ ❃ ✴ ✻ ✴ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✺ ❂ ✾ ✿ ✿ ✴
❏
✷
✸ ✷ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✼ ✾ ❀ ✽
❏
✾ ✹ ❷ ❶ ❃ ❂ ❁ ❃
❏
✺ ✽ ✷ ✺ ❁ ✴ ✿ ✿ ✴ ❂ ❃ ✷ ✺ ✷ ✴ ✷ ✳ ✺
✼ ✴
❏
✽ ✺ ❂
⑥
❲
✸ ✻ ❁
⑥
❳
❆
❑
✴
❏
✷
❏
✸ ✻ ❂ ❀ ✸ ✷ ❃ ✴ ✻ ✸ ❀ ✺ ⑩ ✾ ❃ ❀ ❃ ❄
❏
❃ ✾ ✹ ❣
❸ ❫ ⑥
❲
❫ ⑥
❳
❬ ❹ ❪
❃ ❜
❑
✴
❏
✽ ✴ ✻ ❂ ❃ ❁ ✺
❏
❃ ✻
▲ ❏
✴ ✷ ✸ ✷ ❃ ✴ ✻ ✸ ❀ ✺ ⑩ ✾ ❃ ❀ ❃ ❄
❏
❃ ✾ ✹ ✵ ✺
✷ ✸ ❅ ✺ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✹ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✷ ❂ ✸ ❄ ✴ ✾ ✷ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✼ ✾ ❀ ✽
❏
✾ ✹ ❷ ✷ ✳ ✺ ❂ ✾ ✹
✴ ✼ ✹ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✷ ❂ ✹ ✾ ❂ ✷ ❄ ✺ ❺ ✺
❏
✴ ❣
⑦
❲
⑥
❲
❫ ⑦
❳
⑥
❳
❬ ❹ ❪
❃ ❃ ❜
❻
✴
❏
✹ ✸ ❀ ❀ ✇ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✸ ✻ ✷ ❃ ✽ ❀ ✴ ✽ ❅ ✵ ❃ ❂ ✺
❪
✽ ❀ ✴ ✽ ❅ ✵ ❃ ❂ ✺ ❜
✹ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✷ ❂ ✸
❏
✺ ✷ ✸ ❅ ✺ ✻ ✷ ✴ ❄ ✺ ✿ ✴ ❂ ❃ ✷ ❃
❡
✺
❪
✻ ✺
▲
✸ ✷ ❃
❡
✺ ❜ ❆
❻
✴ ✷ ✺
❸
✸ ✽ ✷ ❂ ✸ ✷ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✼ ✾ ❀ ✽
❏
✾ ✹ ❃ ✷ ❂ ✺ ❀ ✼ ✸ ✻ ❁ ✳ ✸ ❂ ❺ ✺
❏
✴ ✹ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✷
✸ ❄ ✴ ✾ ✷ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✼ ✾ ❀ ✽
❏
✾ ✹ ❆
❼ ✻ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✽ ✸ ❂ ✺ ✴ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✺ ❀ ✺
❡
✺
❏
✼ ✴
❏
✽ ✺
⑥
❲
❃ ❂ ✾ ❂ ✾ ✸ ❀ ❀ ✇
❂ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✵ ✺ ❃
▲
✳ ✷ ✷ ✴ ❄ ✺ ❀ ❃ ✼ ✷ ✺ ❁ ❆ ❼ ✷ ❃ ❂ ✽ ✸ ❀ ❀ ✺ ❁ ✷ ✳ ✺ ❽❾ ❿
⑦
✸ ✻ ❁ ❃ ✷ ❂ ❁ ❃ ❂ ✷ ✸ ✻ ✽ ✺ ✼
❏
✴ ✹ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✼ ✾ ❀ ✽
❏
✾ ✹
⑦
❲
❃ ❂ ✽ ✸ ❀ ❀ ✺ ❁
✷ ✳ ✺ ❽❾ ❿
⑦
❿ ➀ ➁ ❆
❑
✴
❏
✽ ✺
⑥
❳
❃ ❂ ✷ ✳ ✺ ➂ ➃ ➃ ❾ ➀ ➄ ✸ ✿ ✿ ❀ ❃ ✺ ❁ ✷ ✴ ❀ ❃ ✼ ✷
✷ ✳ ✺ ❀ ✴ ✸ ❁ ❷ ❁ ❃ ❂ ✷ ✸ ✻ ✽ ✺
⑦
❳
✴ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✺ ✼ ✼ ✴
❏
✷ ✼
❏
✴ ✹ ✷ ✳ ✺
✼ ✾ ❀ ✽
❏
✾ ✹ ❃ ❂ ✷ ✳ ✺ ➂ ➃ ➃ ❾ ➀ ➄ ❿ ➀ ➁ ➅
➆ ⑩ ❆
❪
❃ ❃ ❜ ✽ ✸ ✻ ❄ ✺ ✵
❏
❃ ✷ ✷ ✺ ✻ ✸ ❂
⑦
➇
⑥
❲
❬
❁
❳
⑥
❳
❪ ▼
❆
⑧ ◆
✸ ❜
✴
❏
❀ ✴ ✸ ❁ ✸
❏
✹
❭
❀ ✴ ✸ ❁
❬
✺ ✼ ✼ ✴
❏
✷ ✸
❏
✹
❭
✺ ✼ ✼ ✴
❏
✷
❖
✳ ✺ ✸ ❄ ✴
❡
✺ ✺ ⑩ ✾ ✸ ✷ ❃ ✴ ✻ ✺
⑤
✿
❏
✺ ❂ ❂ ✺ ❂ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✿
❏
❃ ✻ ✽ ❃ ✿ ❀ ✺
✴ ✼ ✹ ✴ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✷ ❂ ✼ ✴
❏
✸ ❀ ✺
❡
✺
❏
❆ ❼ ✻ ✽ ❃ ❁ ✺ ✻ ✷ ✸ ❀ ❀ ✇ ✷ ✳ ✺
❏
✸ ✷ ❃ ✴
⑥
❲
➈
⑥
❳
❃ ❂ ✽ ✸ ❀ ❀ ✺ ❁ ✷ ✳ ✺ ➉ ✺ ✽ ✳ ✸ ✻ ❃ ✽ ✸ ❀
❱
❁
❡
✸ ✻ ✷ ✸
▲
✺
❪
➉ ❆
❱
❆ ❜ ❷
➉ ❆
❱
❆
❬
➊ ➋
➋ ➊
➌ ➍
➌ ➍
➎
❪ ▼
❆
⑧ ◆
❄ ❜
❼ ✼ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✺ ✼ ✼ ✴
❏
✷ ✸
❏
✹
⑦
❳
❃ ❂ ❀ ✸
❏ ▲
✺
❏
✷ ✳ ✸ ✻ ✷ ✳ ✺ ❀ ✴ ✸ ❁
✸
❏
✹ ❣ ✷ ✳ ✺ ✹ ✺ ✽ ✳ ✸ ✻ ❃ ✽ ✸ ❀ ✸ ❁
❡
✸ ✻ ✷ ✸
▲
✺ ❃ ❂
▲ ❏
✺ ✸ ✷ ✺
❏
✷ ✳ ✸ ✻
✴ ✻ ✺ ❆ ➉ ✺ ✽ ✳ ✸ ✻ ❃ ✽ ✸ ❀ ✸ ❁
❡
✸ ✻ ✷ ✸
▲
✺
▲ ❏
✺ ✸ ✷ ✺
❏
✷ ✳ ✸ ✻ ✴ ✻ ✺
✹ ✺ ✸ ✻ ❂ ✷ ✳ ✸ ✷ ✸ ❂ ✹ ✸ ❀ ❀ ✺ ✼ ✼ ✴
❏
✷ ✽ ✸ ✻ ❄ ✺ ✾ ❂ ✺ ❁ ✷ ✴ ❀ ❃ ✼ ✷ ✸
❀ ✸
❏ ▲
✺ ❀ ✴ ✸ ❁ ❆
❖
✳ ✺
❏
✺ ✸
❏
✺ ❂ ✺
❡
✺
❏
✸ ❀ ✺
⑤
✸ ✹ ✿ ❀ ✺ ❂ ✴ ✼ ✸ ❀ ✺
❡
✺
❏
✸
❏
✴ ✾ ✻ ❁ ✇ ✴ ✾ ❄ ✺ ❂ ❃ ❁ ✺ ❂ ✷ ✳ ✺ ❂ ✺ ✺
❘
❂ ✸ ✵ ❆
❖
✳ ✺ ❄ ✺ ✸ ✹ ✴ ✼ ✸
❄ ✸ ❀ ✸ ✻ ✽ ✺ ❃ ❂ ✸ ❀ ✺
❡
✺
❏
❆
❖ ❏
✇ ✷ ✴ ✼ ❃ ✻ ❁ ✹ ✴
❏
✺ ❂ ✾ ✽ ✳
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✻ ✶
❡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ❡ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✗ ✚ ✑ ✛ ✜ ✚ ✎ ✢ ✖ ✙ ❡ ❡ ✗ ✗ ❢ ✜ ✖
✍ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✗ ✗ ❢ ✜ ✖ ✍ ✜ ✎ ✢ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✑ ❢ ✍ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✑ ❢ ✍ ✔ ✍ ✜ ✎
❢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✑ ❡ ♦ ❡ ✜ ✕ ✓ ❡ ✍ ✛ ✙ ✛ ✍ ✒ ❡ ✣
❨ ❢ ✚ ✎ ✍ ✘ ❡ ✍ ✒ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✒ ✙ ❢ ✤ ✖ ✙ ✍ ✖ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✏ ✜ ✕ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✏ ✑ ❡ ❢ ✗
✎ ❢ ✎ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✙ ❢ ✑ ✔ ✒ ❡ ♦ ❡ ✓ ✤ ✙ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✏ ✍ ✜ ✍ ✑ ✑ ❡ ✑ ✗ ❢ ✜ ✛ ❡ ✒ ❋
✥
✍ ✓ ✔ ❋
✷
✍ ✜ ❡ ✓ ❢ ✖ ✏ ❡ ✜ ✏ ❡ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✛ ✚ ✑ ✍ ✜ ✢ ✱ ✚ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✖ ✍ ✖ ✒ ❢ ✎ ❡
✍ ✓ ❛ ✑ ❡ ✢ ✖ ❢ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✑ ❡ ♦ ❡ ✜ ✣
✼ ✦ ✧ ✦ ★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭✪ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✬✵
▼
✍ ✓ ✘ ❢ ✗ ✘ ❢ ✚ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✙ ✍ ♦ ❡ ✖ ✙ ❡ ❡ ✌ ✏ ❡ ✜ ✕ ❡ ✓ ✛ ❡ ❢ ✗
✱ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✓ ❛ ✘ ❢ ✚ ✜ ✓ ❢ ✖ ❡ ✱ ❢ ❢
❜
❢ ✓ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✖ ✕ ✏ ❢ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✕ ✓ ❛ ❡ ✜ ✣
✸
✕ ❛ ✚ ✜ ❡
✹
✣
✺ ✽
✕ ✑ ✑ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✜ ✍ ✖ ❡ ✒ ✍ ✒ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✑ ✍ ✜ ❡ ✌ ✏ ❡ ✜ ✕ ✎ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✖ ✙ ✍ ✖
✘ ❢ ✚ ✛ ✍ ✓ ❡ ✍ ✒ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✏ ❡ ✜ ✗ ❢ ✜ ✎ ✣
♠
✍
❜
❡ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✜ ❡ ❛ ✚ ✑ ✍ ✜
✾
✒ ✙ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✔ ✛ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✱ ❢ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✍ ✜ ✜ ❢ ✤ ✖ ✕ ✏ ✏ ❡ ✔ ❢ ✱
✿
❡ ✛ ✖
✑ ✕
❜
❡ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✑ ✣ ❨ ❢ ✚ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✑ ❢ ✛ ✍ ✖ ❡ ✱ ✘ ✖ ✜ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✜ ✜ ❢ ✜ ✍
✏ ❢ ✕ ✓ ✖ ♣ ❢ ✓ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✛ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✱ ❢ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✤ ✙ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✍ ✓ ✱ ❡
✱ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✛ ❡ ✔ ❢ ✓ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✖ ✕ ✏ ❢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✑ ✣ ❀
♠
✙ ❡ ✛ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✱ ❢ ✍ ✜ ✔
✜ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✒ ✙ ❢ ✜ ✕ r ❢ ✓ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✕ ✓ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✏ ❢ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✕ ❢ ✓ ✣ ❁
♠
✙ ✕ ✒ ✏ ❢ ✕ ✓ ✖
❢ ✗ ✱ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✛ ❡ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✛ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✜ ❡ ❢ ✗ ❛ ✜ ✍ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✘ ❀ ❂♣ ❁ ❢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ❡
✛ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✱ ❢ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✣
♠
✙ ❡ ✖ ✕ ✏ ❢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✑ ✏ ✜ ❢ ♦ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✍
♦ ❡ ✜ ✖ ✕ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✘ ✚ ✏ ✤ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✗ ❢ ✜ ✛ ❡ ✔ ✚ ❡ ✖ ❢ ✤ ✙ ✕ ✛ ✙ ✖ ✙ ❡
✛ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✱ ❢ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✎ ❡ ✛ ✙ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✛ ✍ ✑ ❡ ❞ ✚ ✕ ✑ ✕ ✱ ✜ ✕ ✚ ✎ ✣ ❃ ✒
✒ ✙ ❢ ✤ ✓ ✕ ✓ ✖ ✙ ❡
✸
✕ ❛ ✣
✹
✣
✺ ✽
✢ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✍ ✛ ✖ ✕ ❢ ✓ ❢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✖ ✕ ✏ ✕ ✒
❡ ❞ ✚ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✔ ❢ ✏ ✏ ❢ ✒ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✖ ❢ ❄ ✰ ✢ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✖ ❢ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✤ ❡ ✕ ❛ ✙ ✖ ❢ ✗
❀ ✕ ✣ ❡ ✣ ✢ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✗ ❢ ✜ ✛ ❡ ❢ ✗ ❛ ✜ ✍ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✘ ❢ ✓ ❁ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✛ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✱ ❢ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✔
✙ ❡ ✓ ✛ ❡ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✛ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✱ ❢ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✖ ✜ ✍ ✓ ✒ ✑ ✍ ✖ ✕ ❢ ✓ ✍ ✑
❡ ❞ ✚ ✕ ✑ ✕ ✱ ✜ ✕ ✚ ✎ ✣ ❅ ✖ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✑ ✒ ❢ ✕ ✓ ✜ ❢ ✖ ✍ ✖ ✕ ❢ ✓ ✍ ✑ ❡ ❞ ✚ ✕ ✑ ✕ ✱ ✜ ✕ ✚ ✎ ❆
✕ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✤ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✓ ❢ ✖ ✒ ❢ ✢ ✔ ✚ ❡ ✖ ❢ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✱ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✓ ✛ ❡ ✔ ✖ ❢ ✜ ❞ ✚ ❡
✕ ✖ ✤ ❢ ✚ ✑ ✔ ✖ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✣
♠
✙ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✍ ✜ ❡ ✖ ❢ ✜ ❞ ✚ ❡ ✒ ❢ ✓ ✖ ✙ ❡
✛ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✱ ❢ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✔ ✚ ❡ ✖ ❢ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✗ ❢ ✜ ✛ ❡ ✒ ❢ ✗ ❛ ✜ ✍ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✑ ✕
❜
❡ ❇
✥
✰ ✢
❇
✷
✰ ❈ ✣ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✢ ✍ ✛ ✖ ✕ ✓ ❛ ❢ ✓ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✕ ✓ ✔ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✔ ✚ ✍ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✜ ✖ ✕ ✛ ✑ ❡ ✒
✖ ✙ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✍
❜
❡ ✚ ✏ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✛ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✱ ❢ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✣
❉ ❊ ● ❍ ■❍❏ ❑ ▲ ◆ ❖ ◆ P ◗ ❘ P ❯ ◆ ◗ ◆ ❱ ❲ ❳ ❩◆ ❱ ❲ ❩ P ❬❭ ❪ ❬ ❘ ❫ ❩ ❴ ◆
❫ ❪P ◗ ❘ ❖
❵ ❝
❭ ❪ ❫ ❩❘ P ❬ ❩ ❴
❣ ❤
❫ ❫ ❩ ❱ ❬
✐ ❥ ✐
❘
❣
❬❭ ❪
◗ ❪ P ❬ ❱ ❪ ❩ ❴ ❯ ❱ ◆ ❦❘ ❬ ❧
❵
♠
✙ ❡ ❂♣ ❢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✛ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✱ ❢ ✍ ✜ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ❢ ✑ ❢ ✛ ✍ ✖ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✙ ✍ ✖
✖ ✙ ❡ ✖ ❢ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✖ ❢ ✜ ❞ ✚ ❡ ❢ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✚ ❡ ✖ ❢ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✗ ❢ ✜ ✛ ❡ ✒ ❇
✥
✰ ✢ ❇
✷
✰
❈ ✣ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✣ ✕ ✒ r ❡ ✜ ❢ ✣
❅ ✗ ✭
♥
✕ ✒ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✏ ❢ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✕ ❢ ✓ ♦ ❡ ✛ ✖ ❢ ✜ ❢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ❡ q ✖ ✙ ✏ ✍ ✜ ✖ ✕ ✛ ✑ ❡
❢ ✗ ✍ ✓ ❡ ✌ ✖ ❡ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✔ ✱ ❢ ✔ ✘ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✒ ✏ ❡ ✛ ✖ ✖ ❢ ✕ ✖ ✒ ❂♣ ✢ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✓
✖ ✙ ❡ ✖ ❢ ✜ ❞ ✚ ❡ ✍ ✱ ❢ ✚ ✖ ✖ ✙ ❡ ❂♣ ✢ ✔ ✚ ❡ ✖ ❢ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✗ ❢ ✜ ✛ ❡ ❢ ✗
❛ ✜ ✍ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✘ ❢ ✓ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✏ ✍ ✜ ✖ ✕ ✛ ✑ ❡ ✕ ✒
s s
♥
t ✭
♥
✉ ❇
♥
✰ ✣
♠
✙ ❡ ✖ ❢ ✖ ✍ ✑
❛ ✜ ✍ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✍ ✖ ✕ ❢ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✖ ❢ ✜ ❞ ✚ ❡ ✍ ✱ ❢ ✚ ✖ ✖ ✙ ❡ ❂♣ ✕ ✒ r ❡ ✜ ❢ ✢ ✕ ✣ ❡ ✣
✈ ✇ ✇
✇
①② ② × ②
③ ③
④ ⑤ ⑥
❀
✹
✣
⑦ ⑦
❁
⑧ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✘ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✗ ❢ ✜ ❡ ✢ ✔ ❡ ✗ ✕ ✓ ❡ ✖ ✙ ❡ ❂♣ ❢ ✗ ✍ ✱ ❢ ✔ ✘
✍ ✒ ✖ ✙ ✍ ✖ ✏ ❢ ✕ ✓ ✖ ✤ ✙ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✖ ❢ ✖ ✍ ✑ ❛ ✜ ✍ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✍ ✖ ✕ ❢ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✖ ❢ ✜ ❞ ✚ ❡
❢ ✓ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✱ ❢ ✔ ✘ ✕ ✒ r ❡ ✜ ❢ ✣
⑧ ❡ ✓ ❢ ✖ ✕ ✛ ❡ ✖ ✙ ✍ ✖ ✕ ✓ ⑨ ❞ ✣ ❀
✹
✣
⑦ ⑦
❁ ✢ ✰ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✒ ✍ ✎ ❡
✗ ❢ ✜ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✜ ✖ ✕ ✛ ✑ ❡ ✒ ✢ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✙ ❡ ✓ ✛ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✛ ❢ ✎ ❡ ✒ ❢ ✚ ✖ ❢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ❡
✒ ✚ ✎ ✎ ✍ ✖ ✕ ❢ ✓ ✣
♠
✙ ✕ ✒ ❛ ✕ ♦ ❡ ✒ ✢ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✛ ❡ ✰ ✕ ✒ ✓ ❢ ✓ r ❡ ✜ ❢ ✢
⑩ ⑩
❶
❷
❸ t ❹ ✣ ❺ ❡ ✎ ❡ ✎ ✱ ❡ ✜ ✖ ✙ ✍ ✖ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✏ ❢ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✕ ❢ ✓ ♦ ❡ ✛ ✖ ❢ ✜ ✒
❀ ✭
♥
❁ ✍ ✜ ❡ ✖ ✍
❜
❡ ✓ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✒ ✏ ❡ ✛ ✖ ✖ ❢ ✖ ✙ ❡ ❂♣ ✣
❻
❢ ✤ ✢ ✕ ✓
✍ ✛ ✛ ❢ ✜ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✛ ❡ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✍ ✒ ❢ ✓ ✕ ✓ ❛ ❛ ✕ ♦ ❡ ✓ ✱ ❡ ✑ ❢ ✤
⑨ ❞ ✣ ❀
✹
✣
✽
✍ ❁ ✕ ✓
❼
❡ ✛ ✣
✹
✣
✺
✢ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✒ ✚ ✎ ✕ ✒ r ❡ ✜ ❢ ✢ ✖ ✙ ❡
❢ ✜ ✕ ❛ ✕ ✓ ✎ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✱ ❡ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✛ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✜ ❡ ❢ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✒ ❢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✱ ❢ ✔ ✘ ✣
♠
✙ ✚ ✒ ✢ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✛ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✜ ❡ ❢ ✗ ❛ ✜ ✍ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✘ ❢ ✗ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✱ ❢ ✔ ✘ ✛ ❢ ✕ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✒
✤ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✛ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✜ ❡ ❢ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✒ ✣ ⑧ ❡ ✓ ❢ ✖ ❡ ✖ ✙ ✍ ✖ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✕ ✒
✖ ✜ ✚ ❡ ✱ ❡ ✛ ✍ ✚ ✒ ❡ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✱ ❢ ✔ ✘ ✱ ❡ ✕ ✓ ❛ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✢ ✰ ✔ ❢ ❡ ✒ ✓ ❢ ✖
❉ ❊ ● ❍ ■ ❍❏
❽ ❾
❪ ❬ ❪❱
❿
❘ P ❘ P ❯ ❬❭ ❪ ◗ ❪ P ❬ ❱ ❪ ❩ ❴ ❯ ❱ ◆ ❦ ❘ ❬❧ ❩ ❴ ◆ ❳ ❩ ❲ ❧
❩ ❴ ❘ ❱ ❱ ❪ ❯
❤
❖ ◆ ❱
❣
❭ ◆ ❫ ❪
❵ ❝
❭ ❪ ◗ ❪P ❬ ❱ ❪ ❩ ❴ ❯ ❱ ◆ ❦❘ ❬❧ ➀
❖ ❘ ❪
❣
❩P ❬❭ ❪ ❦ ❪❱ ❬ ❘ ◗ ◆ ❖ ➁ ➁
➂
❬❭ ❱ ❩
❤
❯ ❭ ❬❭ ❪ ❫ ❩❘ P ❬
❩ ❴
❣ ❤ ❣
❫ ❪P
❣
❘ ❩ P ❩ ❴ ❬❭ ❪ ❳ ❩ ❲ ❧ ➁
❵
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
✞
✞
✈ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✠ ♦ ☞ ♦ ✌ ✍ ✎ ♦ ✏ ✌ ✑ ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✓ ♦ ✔ ✡ ✑ ♦ ✑ ✒ ✍ ♦ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✳ ✕ ☛
✑ ✒ ✍ ✓ ♦ ✔ ✡ ✏ t t ♦ ✍ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✟ ✑ ❣ ✈ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✍ t ☛ ✠ ♦ ☞ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✑
✑ ♦ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✑ ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✓ ♦ ✔ ✡ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✍ ♦ ☛ ❡ ✠ ✟ ✈ ✏ ✑ ✡
✟ ✌ ✔ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✍ ♦ ☛ ☞ ✟ t t ✙ ✏ ✚ ✚ ✌ ♦ ✑ ✘ ♦ ✏ ✌ ✘ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✳ ✛✟ t ✏ ✘ ✟ ✚ ✚ ✡ ✗
✑ ✒ ✍ ✑ ✙ ♦ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✔ ✏ ☛ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✘ ♦ ✌ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✑ t ✳ ✜ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✍ ♦ ☛
☞ ✟ t t ✒ ✟ t ✌ ♦ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✌ ❡ ✑ ♦ ✔ ♦ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✠ ✟ ✈ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✳ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✔ t
♦ ✌ ✚ ✡ ♦ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✏ t ✑ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✢ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ ♦ ☛ ☞ ✟ t t ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✓ ♦ ✔ ✡ ✳
✕ ✌ ■ ✍ ✘ ✳ ✣ ✳ ✤ ✙ ✍ ☛ ♦ ✢ ✌ ✔ ♦ ✢ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✎ ♦ t ✏ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍
✘ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✍ ♦ ☛ ☞ ✟ t t ♦ ☛ t ✍ ✈ ✍ ✠ ✟ ✚ ✠ ✍ ❡ ✢ ✚ ✟ ✠ ✗ ✒ ♦ ☞ ♦ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✍ ♦ ✢ t
♦ ✓ ✥ ✍ ✘ ✑ t ✳ ✦ ✓ ✈ ✏ ♦ ✢ t ✚ ✡ ✑ ✒ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✒ ♦ ✔ ✢ t ✍ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✍ ❡ ✏ ✈ ✍ t
✢ t ✟ ✚ t ♦ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✍ ♦ ☛ ❡ ✠ ✟ ✈ ✏ ✑ ✡ ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍ t ✍ ✓ ♦ ✔ ✏ ✍ t ✗ ✏ ☛
✑ ✒ ✍ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✍ t ☞ ✟ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✌ ♦ ✢ ❡ ✒ ✳
❋ ✏ ❡ ✢ ✠ ✍ ✣ ✳ ✤ ✧ ✏ ✚ ✚ ✢ t ✑ ✠ ✟ ✑ ✍ t ✟ ✌ ♦ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✙ ✟ ✡ ♦ ☛
✔ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✌ ❡ ✑ ✒ ✍ ♠ ★ ♦ ☛ ✟ ✌ ✠ ✍ ❡ ✢ ✚ ✟ ✠ t ✒ ✟ ✎ ✍ ✔ ✓ ♦ ✔ ✡
✚ ✏ ❧ ✍ ✟ ✘ ✟ ✠ ✔ ✓ ♦ ✟ ✠ ✔ ✳ ✕ ☛ ✡ ♦ ✢ t ✢ t ✎ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✓ ♦ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✠ ♦ ☞
t ♦ ☞ ✍ ✎ ♦ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✚ ✏ ❧ ✍
s
✗ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✈ ✍ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✟ ✚ ✚ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✠ ♦ ✢ ❡ ✒
s
✎ ✟ t t ✍ t ✑ ✒ ✠ ♦ ✢ ❡ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✍ ♠ ★ ✳
✩
✍ ☞ ✟ ✠ ❧ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✈ ✍ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✟ ✚
s s
✪
✳
✩
✍ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✌ t ✢ t ✎ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✓ ♦ ✔ ✡ ✑ ✒ ✠ ♦ ✢ ❡ ✒ ♦ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠
✎ ♦ ✏ ✌ ✑ t ✚ ✏ ❧ ✍ ✛ ✟ ✌ ✔ ♠ ✳ ✜ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✠ t ✍ ✘ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍
✈ ✍ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✟ ✚ t ❡ ✏ ✈ ✍ t ✑ ✒ ✍ ♠ ★ ✳
✫
✖ ✎ ✚ ✟ ✏ ✌ ✙ ✒ ✡ ✑ ✒ ✍ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✒ ♦ ✔
✙ ♦ ✠ ❧ t ✳ ■ ✏ ✌ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✓ ♦ ✔ ✡ ✏ t t ☞ ✟ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✌ ♦ ✢ ❡ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✍
☞ ✍ ✑ ✒ ♦ ✔ ✟ ✚ ✚ ♦ ✙ t ✢ t ✑ ♦ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✚ t ♦ ✏ ✑ t ✘ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✍
♦ ☛ ☞ ✟ t t ✳
❊ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✴ ✵ s
☞ ✍ ✑ ✟ ✚ ✓ ✟ ✠ ✣
✷
✘ ☞ ✚ ♦ ✌ ❡
✟ ✌ ✔
❛
✳
✷ ✷
❧ ❡ ✏ ✌ ☞ ✟ t t t ✢ ✎ ✎ ♦ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✔ ♦ ✌ ✑ ✙ ♦
❧ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✍
❦
✍ ✔ ❡ ✍ t ✎ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✍ ✔
✸ ✷
✘ ☞ ☛ ✠ ♦ ☞ ✍ ✟ ✘ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✳
s ❆
✳
✷ ✷
❧ ❡ ✙ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✑ ✏ t t ✢ t ✎ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✔ ✟ ✑
✹ ✷
✘ ☞
☛ ✠ ♦ ☞ ♦ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✳ ❋ ✏ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✟ ✘ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ t ✟ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✍
❧ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✍
❦
✍ ✔ ❡ ✍ t ✳
✺ s
t t ✢ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✠ ✑ ♦ ✓ ✍ ♦ ☛
✢ ✌ ✏ ☛ ♦ ✠ ☞ ✘ ✠ ♦ t t t ✍ ✘ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✒ ♦ ☞ ♦ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✍ ♦ ✢ t ✳
✻
✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✱ ❀
❁ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❅❄❇ ❈
❋ ✏ ❡ ✢ ✠ ✍ ✣ ✳ ✤
❆
t ✒ ♦ ✙ t ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠ ♦ ✔
s
✛ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✎ ♦ t ✏ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ t
♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍ ❧ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✍ ✔ ❡ ✍ t ❉
✪
✟ ✌ ✔ ❉
●
✗ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✍ ♦ ☛
❡ ✠ ✟ ✈ ✏ ✑ ✡ ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠ ♦ ✔ ✟ ✑ ★ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✍ t ✢ t ✎ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✔ ✙ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✑
✟ ✑ ❍ ✳
◆ ♦ ✑ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✙ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✑ ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠ ♦ ✔
✩
✟ ✘ ✑ t ✟ ✑ ✏ ✑ t
✘ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✍ ♦ ☛ ❡ ✠ ✟ ✈ ✏ ✑ ✡ ★ ✳ ✜ ✒ ✍ ✠ ♦ ✔ ✏ t ✢ ✌ ✏ ☛ ♦ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✌ ✘ ✠ ♦ t t
t ✍ ✘ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✒ ♦ ☞ ♦ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✍ ♦ ✢ t ❏ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✘ ✍ ★ ✏ t ✟ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✍
✘ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✍ ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠ ♦ ✔ ❏
s
✛ ❑ ✣
✷
✘ ☞ ✳
s
★ ❑
✹
✧ ✘ ☞ ✗
s
❍
❑
✹ ✷
✘ ☞ ✗ ❍ ★ ❑ ✧ ✘ ☞ ✗
s
❉
✪
❑ ✛❉
●
❑
✸ ✷
✘ ☞ ✟ ✌ ✔ ❉
✪
★
❑ ❉
●
★ ❑ ✤ ✧ ✘ ☞ ✳
s
✚ t ♦ ✗ ❲ ❑ ✙ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✑ ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠ ♦ ✔ ❑
❛
✳
✷ ✷
❧ ❡ ✟ ✌ ✔ ❲
✪
❑ t ✢ t ✎ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✔ ✙ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✑ ❑
❆
✳
✷ ✷
❧ ❡ ❏
❘
✪
✟ ✌ ✔ ❘
●
✟ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✌ ♦ ✠ ☞ ✟ ✚ ✠ ✍ ✟ ✘ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ t ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍
t ✢ ✎ ✎ ♦ ✠ ✑ ✟ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✍ ❧ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✍ ✔ ❡ ✍ t ✳
❋ ♦ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✟ ✌ t ✚ ✟ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ ✟ ✚ ✍ ▲ ✢ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✠ ✏ ✢ ☞ ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠ ♦ ✔ ✗
❘
✪
▼ ❘
●
➊ ❲
✪
➊ ❲ ❑
✷ ✺
✏
✻
◆ ♦ ✑ ✍ ❲
✪
✟ ✌ ✔ ❲ ✟ ✘ ✑ ✈ ✍ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✟ ✚ ✚ ✡ ✔ ♦ ✙ ✌ ✟ ✌ ✔ ❖
✪
✟ ✌ ✔ ❖
●
✟ ✘ ✑ ✈ ✍ ✠ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✟ ✚ ✚ ✡ ✢ ✎ ✳
❋ ♦ ✠ ✘ ♦ ✌ t ✏ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✌ ❡ ✠ ♦ ✑ ✟ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ ✟ ✚ ✍ ▲ ✢ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✠ ✏ ✢ ☞ ✗ ✙ ✍
✑ ✟ ❧ ✍ ☞ ♦ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✑ t ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍ ☛ ♦ ✠ ✘ ✍ t ✳
s
✘ ♦ ✌ ✈ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✎ ♦ ✏ ✌ ✑
✑ ♦ ✑ ✟ ❧ ✍ ☞ ♦ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✑ t ✟ ✓ ♦ ✢ ✑ ✏ t ★ ✳ ✜ ✒ ✍ ☞ ♦ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✑ t ♦ ☛
❖
●
✟ ✌ ✔
✩
✪
✟ ✠ ✍ ✟ ✌ ✑ ✏ ✘ ✚ ♦ ✘ ❧ ✙ ✏ t ✍
✺
◗ ✈ ✍
✻
✗ ✙ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✟ t ✑ ✒ ✍
☞ ♦ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✑ ♦ ☛ ❖
✪
✏ t ✘ ✚ ♦ ✘ ❧ ✙ ✏ t ✍
✺ ❦
✈ ✍
✻
✳
❋ ♦ ✠ ✠ ♦ ✑ ✟ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ ✟ ✚ ✍ ▲ ✢ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✠ ✏ ✢ ☞ ✗
➊ ❘
✪
✺
❉
✪
★
✻
◗ ❲
✪
✺
❍ ★
✻
◗ ❘
●
✺
❉
●
★
✻
❑
✷ ✺
✏ ✏
✻
✕ ✑ ✏ t ❡ ✏ ✈ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✟ ✑ ❲ ❑
❛
✳
✷ ✷
❙ ◆ ✟ ✌ ✔ ❲
✪
❑
❆
✳
✷ ✷
❙
◆✗ ✙ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✍ ❙ ❑ ✟ ✘ ✘ ✍ ✚ ✍ ✠ ✟ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ ✔ ✢ ✍ ✑ ♦ ❡ ✠ ✟ ✈ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✳
✩
✍
✑ ✟ ❧ ✍ ❙ ❑
❚
✳
❯
☞
❱
t
●
✳
✩
✏ ✑ ✒ ✌ ✢ ☞ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✘ ✟ ✚ ✈ ✟ ✚ ✢ ✍ t ✏ ✌ t ✍ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✗ ☛ ✠ ♦ ☞
✺
✏
✻
❘
✪
◗ ❘
●
❳
❛
✳
✷ ✷
❙ ❳
❆
✳
✷ ✷
❙ ❑
✷
♦ ✠ ❘
✪
◗ ❘
●
❑
✸ ✷
✳
✷ ✷
❙ ◆
✺
✏ ✏ ✏
✻
❑
❚ ❯
✳
✷ ✷
◆
❋ ✠ ♦ ☞
✺
✏ ✏
✻
❳
✷
✳ ✤ ✧ ❘
✪
◗
✷
✳
✷
✧ ❲
✪
◗
✷
✳ ✤ ✧ ❘
●
❑
✷
♦ ✠ ❘
●
❳ ❘
✪
❑
✸
✳ ✤ ❙ ◆ ❑
✸ ✸
✳ ✣
❆
◆
✺
✏ ✈
✻
❋ ✠ ♦ ☞
✺
✏ ✏ ✏
✻
✟ ✌ ✔
✺
✏ ✈
✻
✗ ❘
✪
❑ ✧
❛
✳
❯ ❯
◆✗
❘
●
❑
❛ ✹
✳
✸
✤ ◆
✜ ✒ ✢ t ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✟ ✘ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ t ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍ t ✢ ✎ ✎ ♦ ✠ ✑ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✟ ✓ ♦ ✢ ✑
✧ ✧ ◆ ✟ ✑ ❉
✪
✟ ✌ ✔
❛ ✹
◆ ✟ ✑ ❉
●
✳ ❨
❊ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✴
❩
s ✹
☞ ✚ ♦ ✌ ❡ ✚ ✟ ✔ ✔ ✍ ✠ ✙ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✏ ✌ ❡
✤
✷
❧ ❡ ✚ ✍ ✟ ✌ t ♦ ✌ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ ✚ ✍ t t ✙ ✟ ✚ ✚ ✳ ✕ ✑ t ☛ ✍ ✍ ✑
✠ ✍ t ✑ ♦ ✌ ✑ ✒ ✍ ☛ ✚ ♦ ♦ ✠
✸
☞ ☛ ✠ ♦ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✙ ✟ ✚ ✚ ✟ t t ✒ ♦ ✙ ✌
✏ ✌ ❋ ✏ ❡ ✳ ✣ ✳ ✤ ✣ ✳ ❋ ✏ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✟ ✘ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✌ ☛ ♦ ✠ ✘ ✍ t ♦ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✍
✙ ✟ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✍ ☛ ✚ ♦ ♦ ✠ ✳
✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ✱ ❀
❁ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❄❇ ❅
✜ ✒ ✍ ✚ ✟ ✔ ✔ ✍ ✠
s
✛ ✏ t
✹
☞ ✚ ♦ ✌ ❡ ✗ ✏ ✑ t ☛ ♦ ♦ ✑
s
✏ t ✟ ✑
✔ ✏ t ✑ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✍
s
♠ ❑
✸
☞ ☛ ✠ ♦ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✙ ✟ ✚ ✚ ✳ ❋ ✠ ♦ ☞
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✻ ✸
P ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘✙ ✚
✷ ✷
✖ ✥ ✛ ✎ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✕ ✔
✒ ♦ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✣ ✏ ✤ ✤ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✦ ✍ ✔ ✧ ✕ ✦ ✑ ✎ ✍ ★ ✏ ✢ ✍ ✦ ♦ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✦ ✍ ✔ ✢ ✕ ♦ ✍ ✓ ✕
✒ ✜ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✩ ✦ ✍ ✌ ✪ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✏ ✢ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✕ ✔ ❋
✫
✏ ♦ ✤ ❋
✬
✒ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✧ ✏ ✣ ✣
✏ ♦ ✤ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✓ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✕ ✢ ✍ ✦ ✩ ✕ ✣ ✌ ✥ ✭ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✕ ❋
✫
✦ ✔
❡ ✕ ✓ ❡ ✕ ♦ ✤ ✦ ✢ ♣ ✣ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✧ ✏ ✣ ✣ ✗ ✔ ✦ ♦ ✢ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✧ ✏ ✣ ✣ ✦ ✔
✜ ✓ ✦ ✢ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✣ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✥ ✭ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✕ ❋
✬
✦ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✒ ✣ ✩ ✕ ✤ ✦ ♦ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✧ ✒
✢ ✒ ✖ ❡ ✒ ♦ ✕ ♦ ✍ ✔ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✕ ♦ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✏ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✏ ✢ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ◆ ✏ ♦ ✤ ✍ ✎ ✕
✜ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✜ ✓ ✦ ✢ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ❋ ✮ ✯ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ❋ ❡ ✓ ✕ ✩ ✕ ♦ ✍ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✣ ✏ ✤ ✤ ✕ ✓
✜ ✓ ✒ ✖ ✔ ✣ ✦ ✤ ✦ ♦ ✑ ✏ ✧ ✏ ✌ ✜ ✓ ✒ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✧ ✏ ✣ ✣ ✏ ♦ ✤ ✦ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✕
✤ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✍ ✕ ✤ ✍ ✒ ✧ ✏ ✓ ✤ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✧ ✏ ✣ ✣ ✥
✭ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✣ ✕ ✰ ♣ ✦ ✣ ✦ ✱ ✓ ✦ ♣ ✖ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✲ ✦ ♦ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✕
✜ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✦ ♦ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✩ ✕ ✓ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✏ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✗
◆
✳ ❲
✚
✴ ✵
✦
✹
✛ ✏ ✲ ✦ ♦ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✦ ♦ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✦
❝
✒ ♦ ✍ ✏ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✗
❋
✺
❋
✫
✚
✴ ✵
✦ ✦
✹
✭ ✒ ✓ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✣ ✕ ✰ ♣ ✦ ✣ ✦ ✱ ✓ ✦ ♣ ✖ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✲ ✦ ♦ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✕
✖ ✒ ✖ ✕ ♦ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✱ ✒ ♣ ✍
✼
✗
✽
✷ ✷
✾ ❾
✵
✿ ❀ ❁
✹ ❲
✚
✴ ✵
✦ ✦ ✦
✹
✯ ✒ ✧
❲
✚ ❁
✴
✑ ✚ ❁
✴ ❂ ❃
✥
❄
✯ ✚ ✿
❃ ❅
✥
✴
✯
✭ ✓ ✒ ✖
✵
✦
✹
◆ ✚ ✿
❃ ❅
✥
✴
✭ ✓ ✒ ✖
✵
✦ ✦ ✦
✹
❆
❇ ❈ ❉ ❊ ● ❍ ■ ❏ ❇ ❈ ❑ ❇ ❍ ● ▲▼ ❖◗ ◗ ◗
✭ ✓ ✒ ✖
✵
✦ ✦
✹
❘
❯ ❱ ❳ ❨ ❩❬ ❬ ❭ ❭
❪ ❪
❪
❫ ❴ ❴❵ ❛❜ ❜ ❞❢ ❣ ❢
✯
✛ ✎ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✕ ❋
✬
✖ ✏ ✲ ✕ ✔ ✏ ♦ ✏ ♦ ✑ ✣ ✕
❤
✧ ✦ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✕
✎ ✒ ✓ ✦
❝
✒ ♦ ✍ ✏ ✣ ✗
✽
t ✐ ❥ ❦
✷
❧ t ✐ ❥ ♠ ❦
✷
♥ q rs ✾✉ ✉
✈
✇ ✇ ✇ ①
o
②
③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑥ ⑧ ⑨⑩ ⑦ ❶ ❷ ⑨ ⑧ ❸ ⑩ ❷ ❹
★ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✩ ✕ ✏ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✏ ✤ ✌ ✖ ✕ ♦ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✕ ✤ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✧ ✕ ✏ ✓ ✕
✤ ✕ ✩ ✕ ✣ ✒ ❡ ✦ ♦ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✔ ✍ ♣ ✤ ✌ ✒ ✜ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✣ ✖ ✒ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦
❡ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✣ ✣ ✕ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✔ ✍ ♣ ✤ ✌ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✓ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✣ ✖ ✒ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✧ ✦ ✍ ✎
✧ ✎ ✦ ✢ ✎ ✧ ✕ ✏ ✓ ✕ ✜ ✏ ✖ ✦ ✣ ✦ ✏ ✓ ✥ ★ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✩ ✕ ✌ ✕ ✍ ✍ ✒ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✧ ✕ ✓
✒ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✏
❺
✒ ✓ ✰ ♣ ✕ ✔ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✦ ♦ ✍ ✎ ✦ ✔ ✢ ✒ ♦ ♦ ✕ ✢ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✥
❻ ❼ ❽ ❿ ➀ ➁
❿❼ ➂ ❽ ➃ ❽ ➄ ➅ ➆ ➇ ➂ ➅ ➈ ➉ ❽ ➁ ➁ ➀ ➃ ➊➅ ❿❽ ❿➀ ➅ ➃ ❽ ➄ ➉ ➅ ❿ ➀ ➅ ➃ ➋
★ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✣ ✣ ✏ ✍ ✍ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✒ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✧ ✕ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✦ ✔ ✰ ♣ ✕ ✔ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✦ ♦ ✍ ✎ ✕
❡ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✕ ♦ ✍ ✔ ✕ ✢ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✥ ✛ ✒ ✲ ✕ ✕ ❡ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✤ ✦ ✔ ✢ ♣ ✔ ✔ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✔ ✦ ✖ ❡ ✣ ✕ ✗
✧ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✣ ✣ ✢ ✒ ♦ ✔ ✦ ✤ ✕ ✓ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✱ ✒ ♣ ✍ ✏ ✜ ✦ ➌ ✕ ✤ ✏ ➌ ✦ ✔
✒ ♦ ✣ ✌ ✥
➍
✕ ✍ ♣ ✔ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✕ ✍ ✏ ♦ ✕ ➌ ❡ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✜ ✒ ✓
➎ ➏ ➐
➑ ➀ ➃ ➂ ❿ ➀ ➒ ➂ ➃ ➂ ➊ ➆ ➓ ➅ ➈ ❽ ➊ ➅ ❿ ❽ ❿➀ ➃ ➆ ➔ ➅ → ➓
✥ ★ ✕ ✲ ♦ ✒ ✧
✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✱ ✒ ✤ ✌ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✦ ♦ ✑ ✏ ✱ ✒ ♣ ✍ ✏ ✜ ✦ ➌ ✕ ✤ ✏ ➌ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✕ ✏ ✢ ✎
❡ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✣ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✱ ✒ ✤ ✌ ✖ ✒ ✩ ✕ ✔ ✦ ♦ ✏ ✢ ✦ ✓ ✢ ✣ ✕ ✧ ✦ ✍ ✎ ✣ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✏ ✓
✩ ✕ ✣ ✒ ✢ ✦ ✍ ✌ ✑ ✦ ✩ ✕ ♦ ✱ ✌ ➣ ✰ ✥
✵
↔ ✥ ✿
❃ ✹
✥
✵
↕ ✕ ✜ ✕ ✓ ✍ ✒ ✭ ✦ ✑ ✥ ↔ ✥ ✿
❅ ✹
✥
✭ ✒ ✓ ✏ ❡ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✣ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✏ ✤ ✦ ✔ ✍ ✏ ♦ ✢ ✕ ✜ ✓ ✒ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✏ ➌ ✦ ✔ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✕
✣ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✏ ✓ ✩ ✕ ✣ ✒ ✢ ✦ ✍ ✌ ✦ ✔
➙ ➙
➛➜ ➝✇ ✥ ✛ ✎ ✕ ✲ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✜
✖ ✒ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✦ ✔ ❡ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✣ ✕ ✦ ✔
➞ ➞ ➞
➟ ➟
➠ ➠
➡ ➡ ➡ ➡ ➡
➢ ➤ ➤ ➥➦ ➧➨ ➨
✧ ✎ ✕ ✓ ✕
➩
➫
✦ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✕ ❡ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✣ ✕ ✥ ✛ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✣
✲ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✓ ✑ ✌
➭
✒ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✱ ✒ ✤ ✌ ✦ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✕ ♦ ✑ ✦ ✩ ✕ ♦ ✱ ✌
✍ ✎ ✕ ✔ ♣ ✖ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✲ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✓ ✑ ✦ ✕ ✔ ✒ ✜ ✦ ♦ ✤ ✦ ✩ ✦ ✤ ♣ ✏ ✣
❡ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✣ ✕ ✔ ✗
➯ ➯
➲ ➲
➳
➵ ➸
➺
➻ ➻
➼ ➼ ➼
➼ ➼
➽ ➾ ➚ ➪ ➶
➹ ➹
➘ ➘
➴ ➴
➷
✕ ✓ ✕
➬
✦ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✕ ♦ ♣ ✖ ✱ ✕ ✓ ✒ ✜ ❡ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✣ ✕ ✔ ✦ ♦ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✱ ✒ ✤ ✌ ✥
✯ ✒ ✍ ✕ ➮ ✦ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✖ ✕ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✣ ✣ ❡ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✣ ✕ ✔ ✥
➷
✕ ♦ ✢ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✲ ✦ ♦ ✑
➮ ✒ ♣ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✔ ♣ ✖ ✗
➯ ➯
➲
➳
➵ ➸
➺
➻
➼ ➼
➼
➽ ➚ ➪➶
➹
➘
➴
★ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✜ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✏ ♦ ✕ ✧ ❡ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✖ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✢ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✦ ✔ ✦ ♦ ✑
✍ ✎ ✕ ✓ ✦ ✑ ✦ ✤ ✱ ✒ ✤ ✌ ✗ ✢ ✏ ✣ ✣ ✕ ✤ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✕ ♦ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✓ ✍ ✦ ✏ ➱ ✗
✑ ✦ ✩ ✕ ♦ ✱ ✌
✃
❐
❒
❮ ❮
❮
❰ Ï Ð
Ñ
Ò
Ó ✵
↔ ✥
Ô Õ ✹
★ ✦ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✦ ✔ ✤ ✕ ✜ ✦ ♦ ✦ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✗
Ö
×
Ø
Ù Ú ÛÜ
✵
↔ ✥
Ô Ý ✹
✯ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✍ ✎ ✕ ❡ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✖ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✓ ➱ ✦ ✔ ✦ ♦ ✤ ✕ ❡ ✕ ♦ ✤ ✕ ♦ ✍ ✒ ✜
✍ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✑ ♦ ✦ ✍ ♣ ✤ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✏ ♦ ✑ ♣ ✣ ✏ ✓ ✩ ✕ ✣ ✒ ✢ ✦ ✍ ✌ ✥ Þ ✍ ✦ ✔ ✏
✢ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✢ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✦ ✔ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✓ ✦ ✑ ✦ ✤ ✱ ✒ ✤ ✌ ✏ ♦ ✤ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✏ ➌ ✦ ✔
✏ ✱ ✒ ♣ ✍ ✧ ✎ ✦ ✢ ✎ ✦ ✍ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✕ ✔ ✥
✙✒ ✖ ❡ ✏ ✓ ✕ ➣ ✰ ✥
✵
↔ ✥
Ô Ý ✹
✜ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✲ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✜
✏ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✦ ♦ ✑ ✱ ✒ ✤ ✌ ✧ ✦ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✕ ➌ ❡ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✕
✲ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✍ ✦ ✢ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✜ ✏ ✱ ✒ ✤ ✌ ✦ ♦ ✣ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✏ ✓
✵
✍ ✓ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✣
✹
✖ ✒ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✗
ß
à
✷
á â
➜✇
➷
✕ ✓ ✕
➩
✦ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✱ ✒ ✤ ✌ ✏ ♦ ✤ ã ✦ ✔ ✦ ✍ ✔
✩ ✕ ✣ ✒ ✢ ✦ ✍ ✌ ✥ ★ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✩ ✕ ✏ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✏ ✤ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✤ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✏ ♦ ✏ ✣ ✒ ✑ ✌
✱ ✕ ✍ ✧ ✕ ✕ ♦ ✏ ♦ ✑ ♣ ✣ ✏ ✓ ✩ ✕ ✣ ✒ ✢ ✦ ✍ ✌ ➮
✵
✦ ♦ ✓ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✕ ✢ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✣
✖ ✒ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✱ ✒ ♣ ✍ ✏ ✜ ✦ ➌ ✕ ✤ ✏ ➌ ✦ ✔
✹
✏ ♦ ✤ ✣ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✏ ✓ ✩ ✕ ✣ ✒ ✢ ✦ ✍ ✌ ã
✵
✦ ♦
✓ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✕ ✢ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✣ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✏ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦
✹
✥ Þ ✍ ✦ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✕ ♦ ✕ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✕ ♦ ✍ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍
✍ ✎ ✕ ❡ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✖ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✕ ♦ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✓ ✍ ✦ ✏ ➱ ✗ ✦ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✔ ✦ ✓ ✕ ✤
✓ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✣ ✏ ♦ ✏ ✣ ✒ ✑ ♣ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✥ Þ ♦ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦
✵
✏ ✱ ✒ ♣ ✍ ✏
✜ ✦ ➌ ✕ ✤ ✏ ➌ ✦ ✔
✹
✗ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✕ ♦ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✓ ✍ ✦ ✏ ❡ ✣ ✏ ✌ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✦ ✖ ✦ ✣ ✏ ✓
✓ ✒ ✣ ✕ ✏ ✔ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✤ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✦ ♦ ✣ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✏ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ✥
★ ✕ ♦ ✒ ✧ ✏ ❡ ❡ ✣ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✜ ✦ ♦ ✦ ✍ ✦ ✒ ♦ ➣ ✰ ✥
✵
↔ ✥
Ô Õ ✹
✗ ✍ ✒
✢ ✏ ✣ ✢ ♣ ✣ ✏ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✕ ♦ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✓ ✍ ✦ ✏ ✦ ♦ ✍ ✧ ✒ ✔ ✦ ✖ ❡ ✣ ✕
✢ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✥
✵
✏
✹
✙✒ ♦ ✔ ✦ ✤ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✦ ♦ ✓ ✦ ♦ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✓ ✏ ✤ ✦ ♣ ✔
ä
✏ ♦ ✤ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✔
å
✗ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✦ ♦ ✑ ✦ ♦ ✦ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✧ ♦ ❡ ✣ ✏ ♦ ✕ ✏ ✓ ✒ ♣ ♦ ✤ ✦ ✍ ✔
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✞ ❡ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✞ ✏ ✒ ❝ ☛ ✠ ✓ ✔ ✳ ✕ ✌ ❝ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗
✞ ✏ ✞ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✍ ☛ ✗ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✙ ☛ ✗ ✠ ✌ ✟ ❝ ✞ ✚ ✘ ✡ ✒ ✖
✠ ☞ ✞ ✌ t ☛ ✗ ✛ ✌ ✟ ✙ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✞ ✗ ❡ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✜ ✞ ✞ ✙ ❘ ✔ ✳ ✢ ☞ ✞
❦ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✠ ☛ ❝ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✍ ✓ ☛ ✗ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✘ ✒ ✡ ✞ ✛
✷ ✷ ✷
✣ ✣
✤ ✤
❑ ✥ ✥ ✦✧ ★❂ ❂
❈
✒ ✖ ✜ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✍ ❡ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✕
✩
✳
✪ ✫
✳
✬ ✭ ✮
❡ ✞ ✍ ✞ ✠
■ ✯ ✰
❘
✱
✘ ✒ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✳
❋ ✲ ✴ ✵ ✸✵✹ ✺ ❆ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ❀ ♦❁ ♦❃ ✻ ❄❅ ✽ ✿ ✾ ✻ ❇✼ ✿ ✾ ❉ ❊ ❉ ✼ ❀ ♦ ❃ ●❉ ❍❍ ❄❍
❀ ♦ ✿ ❉ ✿ ✼ ❅ ✽ ❉
❏
♦
▲
✿ ❉ ❅ ❉
▼
✼ ❍ ✿ ✾ ❀ ♦
▲
✽ ✾ ✿ ✾ ❄
◆
❄ ❅ ✿ ❀ ❄ ♦❃
● ❉ ❍ ❍ ♦ ❃ ✿ ✾ ❄ ❍
♠
❍✿ ❄ ● ❉ ❅ ❁ ❊ ❄❀ ❊ ❄❅ ❁ ✼
◆ ▲
✻ ❉ ❀ ✿ ♦
✿ ✾ ❄ ❀ ♦ ❁ ❖ ◗ ✾ ❄ ✿ ♦ ✿ ❉ ✻ ● ❉ ❍ ❍ ♦❃ ✿ ✾ ❄ ❍
♠
❍ ✿ ❄● ✼ ❍ ❙ ❖
✪ ❚ ✮ ❯
✞ t ✠ ✛ ✠ ✌ ❦ ✞ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✙ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✞ ✗ ✗ ✡ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✘ ✏ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✠ ☞
❧
❡ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✜ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✖ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✞ ✗ ✛ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✌
❚
✒ ✎ ✠
✌ ✟ ✌ t ☛ ✗ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✞ ❝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✞ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗
✜ ✞ ✡ ✜ ✞ ✟ ✙ ☛ ❝ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✡ ✒ ✙
✪ ❱
☛ ✍ ✳
✫
✳
❲ ❳ ✮
✳ ✕ ✌ ❝ ☞
✖ ✌ ✗ ✗
✰ ❨ ❲
☛ ✗ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✙ ☛ ✗ ✠ ✌ ✟ ❝ ✞
❧❨ ❲
✘ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✌ t ☛ ✗ ✳
✢ ☞ ✞ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✞ ✗ ☛ ✗
✠ ☞ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✘ ✒ ✡ ✞ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✞ ✟
❚
✓
✪ ✰ ❨ ❲ ✮ ✪ ❧❨ ❲ ✮
✱
❩ ✪ ✰ ❨ ❲ ✮ ✪ ❧❨ ❲ ✮
✱
✢ ☞ ✎ ✗ ✛ ✘ ✒ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✜ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✞ ✗ ✛ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✌
❚
✒ ✎ ✠
✠ ☞ ✞ ✌ t ☛ ✗ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✞ ❝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✞ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗
✜ ✞ ✡ ✜ ✞ ✟ ✙ ☛ ❝ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✡ ✒ ✙
■ ❬ ✰ ❧
✱
❨ ❭
✢ ✌
❚
✏ ✞
✫
✳ ❛ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✞ ✗ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✒ ✘ ✑ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✎ ✗
✘ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✜ ✞ ✙ ✗ ✒ ✏ ☛ ✙ ✗ ✌
❚
✒ ✎ ✠ ✗ ✜ ✞ ❝ ☛ ✘ ☛ ❝
✌ t ✞ ✗ ✳
❪ ✗ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✌
❚
✒ ✙ ✓ ✡ ✞ ✗ ☛ ✗ ✠ ✗ ✌ ❝ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✟
☛ ✠ ✗ ✗ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✞ ✒ ✘ ✏ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✌ ✡ ✖ ✒ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✛ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✞ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✡ ✞ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✠ ✗
☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ☛ ✟ ✏ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✌ ✡ ✖ ✒ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✳ ✐ ☛ ✖ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✓ ✛ ✌ ✗ ✠ ☞ ✞
✖ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✌
❚
✒ ✎ ✠ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✞ ✟ ✌ t ☛ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟
✡ ✞ ✗ ☛ ✗ ✠ ✗ ✌ ❝ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✗ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✒ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✛ ☛ ✠ ❝ ✌ ✟
❚
✞ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✙ ✞ ✙ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✞ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✡ ✞ ✒ ✘ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌
✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞
❚
✒ ✙ ✓ ❫ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✞ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✡ ✞ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞ ❡ ✌ ✓ ☛ ✟ ❡ ☞ ☛ ❝ ☞
✙ ☛ ✘ ✘ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✜ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞
❚
✒ ✙ ✓ ✌ ✡ ✞ ✙ ☛ ✗ ✠ ✡ ☛
❚
✎ ✠ ✞ ✙ ✌ ✠
✙ ☛ ✘ ✘ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✙ ☛ ✗ ✠ ✌ ✟ ❝ ✞ ✗ ✘ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✌ t ☛ ✗ ✳ ❴ ✟ ✏ ☛ ❦ ✞ ✠ ☞ ✞
✖ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✌
❚
✒ ✙ ✓ ✛ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ☛ ✗ ✟ ✒ ✠ ✌
✘ ☛ t ✞ ✙
✩
✎ ✌ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✓
❚
✎ ✠ ✙ ✞ ✜ ✞ ✟ ✙ ✗ ✒ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✒ ✡ ☛ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟
✌ ✟ ✙ ✜ ✒ ✗ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✌ t ☛ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ❡ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✞ ✗ ✜ ✞ ❝ ✠
✠ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✞
❚
✒ ✙ ✓ ✌ ✗ ✌ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✏ ✞ ✳ ❪ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✞ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✡ ✞ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞ ❡ ✌ ✓
☛ ✟ ❡ ☞ ☛ ❝ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✙
❚
✒ ✙ ✓ ☛ ✗
✙ ☛ ✗ ✠ ✡ ☛
❚
✎ ✠ ✞ ✙ ❡ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✞ ✗ ✜ ✞ ❝ ✠ ✠ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✌ t ☛ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✛
❡ ✞ ❝ ✌ ✟ ✙ ✞ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✌ ✟ ✞ ❡ ✜ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✖ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✡ ✛ ✠ ☞ ✞ r❵ ❜ ❞ ❢ ❣ ❤ ❥
♥ ♣ r❵ q❞ ❤ s ✉ ✈ ✠ ☛ ✗ ✡ ✞ ✏ ✌ ✠ ✞ ✙ ✠ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌
✌ ✟ ✙ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✠ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞
❚
✒ ✙ ✓ ✳
❯
✒ ✠ ☛ ❝ ✞ ✘ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✢ ✌
❚
✏ ✞
✫
✳ ❛ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✌ ✏ ✏ ❝ ✌ ✗ ✞ ✗ ✛
❡ ✞ ❝ ✌ ✟ ❡ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✞ ✈
✯ ✰
✇
✱
✛ ❡ ☞ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✇ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✙ ☛ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✗ ☛ ✒ ✟
✒ ✘ ✏ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✳
❱
✒ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✙ ✛ ✌
❚
✒ ✎ ✠ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✜ ✞ ✡ ✜ ✞ ✟ ✙ ☛ ❝ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✡
✌ t ☛ ✗ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✗ ✖ ☛ ✙ ✜ ✒ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✛
i.e.
① ①
② ③ ④⑤ ⑥ ⑦
⑧
⑨ ⑩❶ ❷ ❸
✳ ✐ ☛ ✖ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✓ ✛ ✇
❬
❘
❨ ❲
✘ ✒ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✞ ❝ ☛ ✡ ❝ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✡
✙ ☛ ✗ ❝ ✌
❚
✒ ✎ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✗ ✙ ☛ ✌ ✖ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✡ ✳ ✢ ☞ ✞ ✏ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✇ ☛ ✗ ✌
✍ ✞ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✠ ✡ ☛ ❝ ✜ ✡ ✒ ✜ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞
❚
✒ ✙ ✓ ✌ ✟ ✙ ✌ t ☛ ✗ ✒ ✘
✡ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✳ ✈ ✠ ☛ ✗ ❝ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✞ ✙ ✠ ☞ ✞ r❵ ❜ ❞ ❢ ❣ ❤ ❥ ♥ ♣ r ❵ q ❞ ❤ s ✳ ❹ ❺ ❻
r❵ ❜ ❞ ❢ ❣ ❤ ❥ ♥ ♣ r❵ q ❞ ❤ s ❤ ❥ ❵ ❼ ❤ ❜ ♣ ❵ ❼ ❤ ❢ q ❵ s ❵ ❽ ❞ ❣
✖ ✌ ✓
❚
✞ ✙ ✞ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✙ ✌ ✗ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✙ ☛ ✗ ✠ ✌ ✟ ❝ ✞ ✘ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✌ t ☛ ✗ ✒ ✘
✌ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✜ ✒ ☛ ✟ ✠ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✗ ✞ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗ ☛ ✗ ✞
✩
✎ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗
✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✏ ✞
❚
✒ ✙ ✓ ✌ ✟ ✙ ❡ ☞ ✒ ✗ ✞ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌
☛ ✗ ✞
✩
✎ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞
❚
✒ ✙ ✓
✌
❚
✒ ✎ ✠ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✌ t ☛ ✗ ✳
✢ ☞ ✎ ✗ ✛ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✙
❚
✒ ✙ ✓
✙ ✞ ✜ ✞ ✟ ✙ ✗ ✒ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞
❚
✒ ✙ ✓ ✛ ☛ ✠ ✗ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✜ ✞ ✌ ✟ ✙
✗ ☛
❾
✞ ❫ ✙ ☛ ✗ ✠ ✡ ☛
❚
✎ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✌
❚
✒ ✎ ✠ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✌ t ☛ ✗ ✒ ✘
✡ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✛ ✌ ✟ ✙ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✜ ✒ ✗ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✙ ✒ ✡ ☛ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞
✌ t ☛ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✳
❱
✡ ✒ ✖ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✙ ✞ ✘ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✛ ✕
✩
✳
✪ ✫
✳
✬ ❭ ✮
✛ ❡ ✞ ❝ ✌ ✟ ☛ ✟ ✘ ✞ ✡
✠ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✙ ☛ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✗ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✗ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ❡ ✞
❿ ➀
➁
✌ ✟ ✙ ☛ ✠ ✗ ✐ ✈ ✎ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✗ ✌ ✡ ✞ ❦ ✍ ✖
✱
✳
✢ ☞ ✞ ✜ ✡ ✒ ✜ ✞ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✗ ✞ t ✠ ✡ ✞ ✖ ✞ ✏ ✓ ☛ ✖ ✜ ✒ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✟ ✠
✩
✎ ✌ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✓
■
✌ ✗ ✌ ✖ ✞ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✡ ✞ ✒ ✘ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✒ ✘
✠ ☞ ✞
❚
✒ ✙ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✗
❚
✞ ✞ ✟ ✜ ✎ ✠ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✞ ✌ ✠ ✜ ✡ ✌ ❝ ✠ ☛ ❝ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✗ ✞ ✳
✢ ☞ ✞ ✖ ✌ ❝ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✎ ❝ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✠ ✞ ✌ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✍ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✌ ✟ ✙ ✠ ☞ ✞
✌ ✎ ✠ ✒ ✖ ✒
❚
☛ ✏ ✞ ✞ ✟ ✍ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✛ ✞ ✠ ❝ ✳ ✛ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✜ ✡ ✒ ✙ ✎ ❝ ✞ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✏
✖ ✒ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✞ ✌ ✙ ☛ ✗ ❝ ❡ ☛ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✞ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✘
☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✛ ❝ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✞ ✙ ✌ ❥ ➂ ♣ ➃ ❺ ❻ ❻ ➂ ✳ ➄✞ ❝ ✌ ✎ ✗ ✞ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✠ ✗ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✞
✖ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✛ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✘ ✏ ✓ ❡ ☞ ✞ ✞ ✏ ✡ ✞ ✗ ☛ ✗ ✠ ✗ ✠ ☞ ✞
✗ ✎ ✙ ✙ ✞ ✟ ☛ ✟ ❝ ✡ ✞ ✌ ✗ ✞ ✒ ✡ ✙ ✞ ❝ ✡ ✞ ✌ ✗ ✞ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✗ ✜ ✞ ✞ ✙ ✒ ✘ ✠ ☞ ✞
✑ ✞ ☞ ☛ ❝ ✏ ✞ ✳ ✈ ✠ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✙ ✎ ✌ ✏ ❝ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✗ ✜ ✞ ✞ ✙
✌ ✟ ✙ ✜ ✡ ✞ ✑ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✗ ➅ ✞ ✡ ❦ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✗ ✛ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✡ ✞
❚
✓ ✞ ✟ ✗ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✍
✌ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✙ ✞ ✘ ✒ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✜ ✌ ✗ ✗ ✞ ✟ ✍ ✞ ✡ ✗ ✒ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✑ ✞ ☞ ☛ ❝ ✏ ✞ ✳
➆ ➇ ➈ ➉
❹
➊ ➋ ➌ ➍ ➋ ➎ ➏ ➌ ➐ ➑ ➋ ➍ ➑ ➋ ➒➓ ➔ →➣ ↔ ↕ ➍ ↕ ➒➓
➑ ↕ ➍ ↕ ↔ ↔ ➋ ↔ ↕ ➙ ➋ ➏
✢ ☞ ✞ ✗ ✞ ✌ ✡ ✞ ✠ ❡ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✞ ✘ ✎ ✏ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✒ ✡ ✞ ✖ ✗ ✡ ✞ ✏ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✒
✖ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✳ ➛ ✞ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✘ ☛ ✡ ✗ ✠ ✙ ☛ ✗ ❝ ✎ ✗ ✗ ✠ ☞ ✞
✠ ☞ ✞ ✒ ✡ ✞ ✖ ✒ ✘ ✜ ✞ ✡ ✜ ✞ ✟ ✙ ☛ ❝ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✌ t ✞ ✗ ✌ ✟ ✙ ☛ ✠ ✗ ✗ ☛ ✖ ✜ ✏ ✞
✓ ✞ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✎ ❝ ✠ ☛ ✑ ✞ ✌ ✜ ✜ ✏ ☛ ❝ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✟ ☛ ✟ ❡ ✒ ✡ ❦ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✠ ☞ ✞
✖ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✗ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✖ ✞ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✡ ➜ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✜ ✞ ✙
❚
✒ ✙ ☛ ✞ ✗ ✳
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✻ ✺
✌ ❛ ✍ ✎✏ ✑ ✒✓ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✖✗ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✚ ✖✏ ✛ ✗ ✜ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✘ ✔ ✕ ✏ ✛ ✏ ❡ ✢ ✎ ❛ ✛ ✘ ✣ ❛ ✤ ✏ ✦ ✍ ✔ ✦ ✜ ✏ ✘ ❛ ✍ ✔ ✢ ✗ ✘ ✤ ✏ ✧ ✜ ✙ ✜ ✧ ❛ ★ ✏ ✘
❩ ❇ ✩ ✪ ✫ ❆ ✬ ✭ ✮ ❋ ✭ ✯ ✰ ✱✲ ■
✳ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✸ ✹ ✼ ✽ ✹ ✾ ✽ ❝ ✿ ❀ ✾ P ❁ ✾ ❂ ❁ ✼ ❃ ✹ ✽ ❝ ✿ ❀ ✾ t ❄ ▼ ❅
❈
✾ ✹ ✼ r ❉ ✾ ❀ ❃ ✹ ❝ ❊ ❅ ❂ ✿ ❀ ✼ ❁ ❉ ❀ t ✽ ❁ ✼ t ✾ ❁
✳ ● ✵ ✷ ✸ ✹ ✼ ✽ ✹ ✾ ✽ ❝ ✿ ❀ ✾ ❍ ✹ ❀ ❏ ❁ t ❁ ✾ ▼ ❅
❑
▲ ◆
✾ ✹ ✼ r ❉ ✾ ❀ ❃ ✹ ❝ ❊ ❅
✳ ❖ ✵ ✷ ✸ ✹ ✼ ✾ ❄ ❃ ❉ P ❁ ✾ ❂ ❁ ✼ ❃ ✹ ✽ ❝ ✿ ❀ ✾ t ❄ ▼ ◗
❑
▲ ❘ ◆
✿ ❁ ✼ r t ✸
❯
✾ ❄ ❃ ❉ ❀ t ❏ ✹ ❃ ❂ ❄ ✹ ✼ t
✳
❱
✵
❲
✹ ✾ ✽ ❝ ✿ ❀ ✾ ❃ ✹ ❊ ✽ ❉ P ❁ ✾ ❂ ❁ ✼ ❃ ✹ ✽ ❝ ✿ ❀ ✾ t ❄ ▼ ❅
❑
▲ ◆
✾ ❀ ❃ ✹ ❝ ❊ ❅ ❃ ✹ ❊ ✽ ❀ t ✽ ❁ ✼ t ✾ ❁
✳
❳
✵
❲
✹ ✾ ✽ ❝ ✿ ❀ ✾ ❃ ✹ ❊ ✽ ❉ ❍ ✹ ❀ ❏ ❁ t ❁ ✾ ▼ ❅
❑
▲
❨
✾ ❀ ❃ ✹ ❝ ❊ ❅
✳
❬
✵
❭
❄ ✿ ✿ ❄
❪
✽
❫
✿ ✹ ✼ ❃ ❁ ✾ ❉
❴ ❵
✹ ❊ ❄
❜
✽
❫
✿ ✹ ✼ ❃ ❁ ✾ ▼ ❅
❞
✾ ❀ ❃ ✹ ❝ ❊ ❅
✳
❢
✵
❣
❄ ✿ ✹ ❃ ✽
❫
✿ ✹ ✼ ❃ ❁ ✾ ❉
❴ ❵
✹ ❊ ❄
❜
✽
❫
✿ ✹ ✼ ❃ ❁ ✾ ▼ ❅
❑
▲ ◆
✾ ❀ ❃ ✹ ❝ ❊ ❅
✳ ❤ ✵
❣
❄ ✿ ✹ ❃ ❊ ❂ ✸ ❁ ✾ ❁ ❉ ❍ ✹ ❀ ❏ ❁ t ❁ ✾ ◆ ▼ ❅
❑
▲ ✐
✾ ❀ ❃ ✹ ❝ ❊ ❅
❥ ❦
✲ ✩ ✱✲
❧
✩
♠ ♥
✲ ✱
♥
✲
♦
✪ ✭
♣
✰
q s
✱
s
✬ ✲ ✮
✷ ✸ ✹ ❊ t ✸ ❁ ❄ ✾ ❁ ❏ ✹ ❊ ❀ ❂ ❂ ✿ ✹ ✽ ❀
✉
✿ ❁ t ❄
✉
❄ ❃ ✹ ❁ ❊
❪
✸ ✹ ✽ ✸ ❀ ✾ ❁
❂ ✿ ❀ ✼ ❀ ✾
✈ ✇
✼ ❂ ✾ ❀ ✽ t ✹ ✽ ❁ t ✸ ✹ ❊ ❏ ❁ ❀ ✼ ❊ t ✸ ❁ t ✸ ❁ ❄ ✾ ❁ ❏
❀ ❂ ❂ ✿ ✹ ❁ ❊ t ❄
❜
✿ ❀ t
✉
❄ ❃ ✹ ❁ ❊
❪
✸ ❄ ❊ ❁ t ✸ ✹ ✽
①
✼ ❁ ❊ ❊ ✹ ❊
②
❁ ✾
❫
❊ ❏ ❀ ✿ ✿ ✽ ❄ ❏ ❂ ❀ ✾ ❁ ❃ t ❄ t ✸ ❁ ✹ ✾ ❄ t ✸ ❁ ✾ ❃ ✹ ❏ ❁ ✼ ❊ ✹ ❄ ✼ ❊ ✳ ❁
✈
r
✈
✿ ❁ ✼ r t ✸ ❉
✉
✾ ❁ ❀ ❃ t ✸ ❄ ✾ ✾ ❀ ❃ ✹ ❝ ❊ ✵
✈
③ ✹ r
✈ ❢ ✈
● ④ ✹ ✿ ✿ ❝ ❊ t ✾ ❀ t ❁ ❊
t ✸ ❁ t ✸ ❁ ❄ ✾ ❁ ❏
✈ ✇
t ❊ t ❀ t ❁ ❊ t ✸ ❀ t
⑤ ❦
✲
❧
✩
❧
✲
♦ ⑤
✩
♠
✭
♦
✲ ✱
⑤
✭
s
✩
♠ s ♥ q s ♦ s
✱ ⑥ ✩ ✪ ✫ ⑦
q s ❧
✭
♦ s
⑧
s
⑥ ✩ ✰
⑤ s ♦ s
✬ ✭ ✮
♥
✲ ✱
♥
✲
♦
✪ ✭
♣
✰
q s
✱
⑤
✩ ✭
⑤
✮
♥ q s ♦
✲ ✭ ✮ ✲ ⑨ ✰
s q ⑤
✩
⑤❦
✲ ✮ ✰
❧
✩
♠
✭
⑤
✮
❧
✩
❧
✲
♦ ⑤
✮ ✩
♠
✭
♦
✲ ✱
⑤
✭
s s
⑥ ✩ ✰
⑤ ⑤
⑩ ✩
♥
✲ ✱
♥
✲
♦
✪ ✭
♣
✰
q s
✱
s
✬ ✲ ✮
♣
✩
♦ ♣
✰ ✱ ✱ ✲
♦ ⑤
⑩ ✭
⑤ ❦
♥
✲ ✱
♥
✲
♦
✪ ✭
♣
✰
q s
✱
s
✬ ✭ ✮
s ♦
✪
q
✫ ✭
♦
✯ ✭
♦ ⑤❦
✲
♥ q s ♦
✲ ✩
♠
⑤❦
✲ ⑥ ✩ ✪ ✫
❶
✶     P ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄
✝
❋ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡✠☛ ☞ ❚ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ❡ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✏ ✙ ✚ ✍ ✛
✙ ✒ ✒ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✙
❛
✘ ✍
✜
✎ ✙ ✒ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✙ ✏
❛
✎✔
✢ ✣
✚ ✙ ✓ ✔
✢
✙ ✚ ✍ ✛
✙ ✏ ✍
✜ ✤
✎ ✒ ✍✏ ✒ ✍✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✏ ✙ ✚✍ ✛ ✕ ✓
✜
✌ ✍ ✒ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✍
✙ ✓ ✔
✜
✌ ✍ ✥ ✦ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✛ ✕ ✛ ✒ ✍✏ ✒ ✍✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✏
✜
✎
✜
✌ ✍
✒ ✘ ✙ ✓ ✍
♣
✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✩ ✯ ★ ✰ ✱ ✯ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✲ ✮ ✷ ✰ ✸ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✵ ✲ ✼ ✫ ✯
✳ ✩ ✮ ✳ ✩ ✵ ✸ ✫ ✽ ✭ ✴ ✲ ✮ ✾ ✰ ✾ ★ ✩ ✷ ✰ ✸ ✹ ✾ ★ ✮ ✰ ✭ ✬ ★ ✲ ✳ ✰ ✫ ✵ ✾ ♦ ✫ ✯
✾ ✲ t ✩ ✵ ✲ ✯ ✾ ★ ✩ ③ ✿ ✲ ✼ ✫ ✯ ✺ ✧ ✱ ✰ ❀ ✭ ✾ ✭ ✲ ✴ ✴ ✹ ✳ ✩ ✮ ✳ ✩ ✵ ✸ ✫ ✽ ✭ ✴ ✲ ✮
✲ ✼ ✩ ✯ ✴ ✹ ✫ ✵ ✬ ✫ ✵ ✾ ★ ✩ ✳ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✩ ✰ ✪ ✾ ★ ✩ ✷ ✰ ✸ ✹ ✲ ✵ ✸
✽ ✰ ✵ ✽ ✭ ✮ ✮ ✩ ✵ ✾ ✱ ✫ ✾ ★ ③ ✿ ✲ ✼ ✫ ✯ ❁ ✫ ✺ ✩ ✺ ✳ ✲ ✯ ✯ ✫ ✵ ✬ ✾ ★ ✮ ✰ ✭ ✬ ★ ♦ ❁
✲ ✮ ✩ ✾ ✲ t ✩ ✵ ✲ ✯ ✾ ★ ✩ ① ✲ ✵ ✸ ② ✿ ✲ ✼ ✩ ✯ ✺ ✧ ★ ✩ ✾ ★ ✩ ✰ ✮ ✩ ❀
✯ ✾ ✲ ✾ ✩ ✯ ✾ ★ ✲ ✾
❂ ❃ ❄
■ ■ ■❅ ❆
❇ ❈
✺
❉ ❊ ●
▲
✩ ✾ ✭ ✯ ✴ ✰ ✰ t ✲ ✾ ✾ ★ ✩ ✭ ✯ ✩ ✪ ✭ ✴ ✵ ✩ ✯ ✯ ✰ ✪ ✾ ★ ✩ ✾ ★ ✩ ✰ ✮ ✩ ❀
✾ ★ ✮ ✰ ✭ ✬ ★ ✲ ✵ ✩ ✼ ✲ ❀ ✳ ✴ ✩ ✺
❍ ❏ ❑ ▼ ◆ ❖ ◗ ❘ ❙ ❯ ❱ ❲
★ ✲ ✾ ✫ ✯ ✾ ★ ✩ ❀ ✰ ❀ ✩ ✵ ✾ ✰ ✪
✫ ✵ ✩ ✮ ✾ ✫ ✲ ✰ ✪ ✲ ✸ ✫ ✯ ✽ ✲ ✷ ✰ ✭ ✾ ✰ ✵ ✩ ✰ ✪ ✫ ✾ ✯ ✸ ✫ ✲ ❀ ✩ ✾ ✩ ✮ ✯
✐
❋ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡✠❳ ❨ ❩
♣
❬
♣
✎ ✑ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✛✖ ✙
❛
✎✗
✜
✙ ✔ ✕ ✙ ❡ ✍
✜
✍✏ ❭ ❪ ✕ ❫✍✓ ✕
✜
✛
❩
♣
❬
♣
✙
❛
✎✗
✜ ✜
✌ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✏ ✙ ✚✕ ✛
✜
✌ ✏ ✎✗ ❪ ✌
✕
✜
✛ ✖ ✍✓
✜
✏ ✍
♣
❴ ❵ ❜ ❝
◗
❞
❲
✩ ✲ ✯ ✯ ✭ ❀ ✩ ✾ ★ ✩ ❀ ✰ ❀ ✩ ✵ ✾ ✰ ✪ ✫ ✵ ✩ ✮ ✾ ✫ ✲ ✰ ✪
✾ ★ ✩ ✸ ✫ ✯ ✽ ✲ ✷ ✰ ✭ ✾ ✲ ✵ ✲ ✼ ✫ ✯ ✳ ✩ ✮ ✳ ✩ ✵ ✸ ✫ ✽ ✭ ✴ ✲ ✮ ✾ ✰ ✫ ✾ ✲ ✵ ✸
✾ ★ ✮ ✰ ✭ ✬ ★ ✫ ✾ ✯ ✽ ✩ ✵ ✾ ✮ ✩ ✾ ✰ ✷ ✩ t ✵ ✰ ✱ ✵ ❢ ✫ ✾ ✫ ✯ ❣ ❤
❥
❦ ❧ ❁
✱ ★ ✩ ✮ ✩ ♠ ✫ ✯ ✾ ★ ✩ ❀ ✲ ✯ ✯ ✰ ✪ ✾ ★ ✩ ✸ ✫ ✯ ✽ ✲ ✵ ✸ ❤ ✫ ✯ ✫ ✾ ✯
✮ ✲ ✸ ✫ ✭ ✯
❇
✧ ✲ ✷ ✴ ✩
❈
✺ ♥
●
✧ ★ ✩ ✸ ✫ ✯ ✽ ✽ ✲ ✵ ✷ ✩ ✽ ✰ ✵ ✯ ✫ ✸ ✩ ✮ ✩ ✸ ✾ ✰ ✷ ✩ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✲ ✮
✷ ✰ ✸ ✹ ✺ q ✩ ✵ ✽ ✩ ✾ ★ ✩ ✾ ★ ✩ ✰ ✮ ✩ ❀ ✰ ✪ ✳ ✩ ✮ ✳ ✩ ✵ ✸ ✫ ✽ ✭ ✴ ✲ ✮ ✲ ✼ ✩ ✯
✫ ✯ ✲ ✳ ✳ ✴ ✫ ✽ ✲ ✷ ✴ ✩ ✾ ✰ ✫ ✾ ✺ ✻ ✯ ✯ ★ ✰ ✱ ✵ ✫ ✵ r ✫ ✬ ✺
❈
✺
❉
s ❁ ✱ ✩
✾ ✲ t ✩ ✾ ★ ✮ ✩ ✩ ✽ ✰ ✵ ✽ ✭ ✮ ✮ ✩ ✵ ✾ ✲ ✼ ✩ ✯ ✾ ★ ✮ ✰ ✭ ✬ ★ ✾ ★ ✩ ✽ ✩ ✵ ✾ ✮ ✩
✰ ✪ ✾ ★ ✩ ✸ ✫ ✯ ✽ ❁ ♦ ✲ ✯ ✾ ★ ✩ ① ✉ ② ✉ ③ ✲ ✼ ✩ ✯ ❢ ① ✲ ✵ ✸ ② ✿ ✲ ✼ ✩ ✯ ✴ ✫ ✩
✫ ✵ ✾ ★ ✩ ✳ ✴ ✲ ✵ ✩ ✰ ✪ ✾ ★ ✩ ✸ ✫ ✯ ✽ ✲ ✵ ✸ ③ ✫ ✯ ✳ ✩ ✮ ✳ ✩ ✵ ✸ ✫ ✽ ✭ ✴ ✲ ✮
✾ ✰ ✫ ✾ ✺ ✈✹ ✾ ★ ✩ ✾ ★ ✩ ✰ ✮ ✩ ❀ ✰ ✪ ✳ ✩ ✮ ✳ ✩ ✵ ✸ ✫ ✽ ✭ ✴ ✲ ✮ ✲ ✼ ✩ ✯ ❁
❂ ❃ ❄
■ ■ ■❅ ❆
✇
✰ ✱ ❁ ① ✲ ✵ ✸ ② ✲ ✼ ✩ ✯ ✲ ✮ ✩ ✲ ✴ ✰ ✵ ✬ ✾ ✱ ✰ ✸ ✫ ✲ ❀ ✩ ✾ ✩ ✮ ✯
✰ ✪ ✾ ★ ✩ ✸ ✫ ✯ ✽ ❁ ✲ ✵ ✸ ✷ ✹ ✯ ✹ ❀ ❀ ✩ ✾ ✮ ✹ ✾ ★ ✩ ❀ ✰ ❀ ✩ ✵ ✾ ✰ ✪
✫ ✵ ✩ ✮ ✾ ✫ ✲ ✰ ✪ ✾ ★ ✩ ✸ ✫ ✯ ✽ ✫ ✯ ✾ ★ ✩ ✯ ✲ ❀ ✩ ✲ ✷ ✰ ✭ ✾ ✲ ✵ ✹
✸ ✫ ✲ ❀ ✩ ✾ ✩ ✮ ✺ q ✩ ✵ ✽ ✩
④
⑤
⑥ ④
⑦
✲ ✵ ✸
④
⑧
⑥
❧
④
⑤
✈✭ ✾
④
⑧
⑥
❣ ❤
❥
❦ ❧
⑨ ✰ ✪ ✫ ✵ ✲ ✴ ✴ ✹ ❁
④
⑤
⑥ ④
⑧
❦ ❧
⑥
❣ ❤
❥
❦ ⑩
✧ ★ ✭ ✯ ✾ ★ ✩ ❀ ✰ ❀ ✩ ✵ ✾ ✰ ✪ ✫ ✵ ✩ ✮ ✾ ✫ ✲ ✰ ✪ ✲ ✸ ✫ ✯ ✽ ✲ ✷ ✰ ✭ ✾
✲ ✵ ✹ ✰ ✪ ✫ ✾ ✯ ✸ ✫ ✲ ❀ ✩ ✾ ✩ ✮ ✫ ✯ ❣ ❤
❥
❦ ⑩ ✺ ❶
r ✫ ✵ ✸ ✯ ✫ ❀ ✫ ✴ ✲ ✮ ✴ ✹ ✾ ★ ✩ ❀ ✰ ❀ ✩ ✵ ✾ ✰ ✪ ✫ ✵ ✩ ✮ ✾ ✫ ✲ ✰ ✪ ✲
✮ ✫ ✵ ✬ ✲ ✷ ✰ ✭ ✾ ✲ ✵ ✹ ✰ ✪ ✫ ✾ ✯ ✸ ✫ ✲ ❀ ✩ ✾ ✩ ✮ ✺
❲
✫ ✴ ✴ ✾ ★ ✩ ✾ ★ ✩ ✰ ✮ ✩ ❀
✷ ✩ ✲ ✳ ✳ ✴ ✫ ✽ ✲ ✷ ✴ ✩ ✾ ✰ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✴ ✫ ✸ ✽ ✹ ✴ ✫ ✵ ✸ ✩ ✮
✐
❋ ✞ ✟ ✠✡✠ ❳ ❷ ❚ ✌ ✍
✜
✌ ✍✎ ✏ ✍ ❡ ✎✑ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✙ ✘ ✘ ✍ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✍ ✛ ❚ ✌ ✍ ✥ ✙ ✓ ✔ ✥ ❸
✙ ✚ ✍ ✛ ✙ ✏ ✍
✜ ✤
✎ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✙ ✘ ✘ ✍ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✍ ✛ ✛ ✍✒ ✙ ✏ ✙
✜
✍✔
❛ ✢
✙ ✔ ✕ ✛
✜
✙ ✓ ✖ ✍ ✙
✣ ❹
✕ ✛
✜
✌ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✓
✜
✏ ✍ ✎ ✑ ❡✙ ✛ ✛ ✎✑
✜
✌ ✍
❛
✎ ✔
✢
❭
❺ ❺
➆
❻
✙
♣
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✻ ✼
✌
✌
✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖✔ ❡ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✚ ✔ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✔ ✜
✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✧ ★ ✩ ✧ ✪ ✤ ✥ ✫ ✬ ✬ ✭ ✤ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✭ ✧ ✦ ★ ✫ ✯ ★ ✰ ✱ ★ ✲ ✫ ✳ ✱
✥ ✣ ✫ ✬ ✧ s ✴ ✦ ✫ ✭ ✭ ★ ✵ ✥ ✦ ★ ✲ ✤ ✳ ✰ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✪ ★ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✦ ★ ✲ ✤ ✳ ✧ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✫ ★ ✲
✫ ✯ ★ ✰ ✱ ✫ ✯ ★ ❛ ✦ ✫ ✳ ✱ ✫ ✷ ✤ ✥ ✸ ✹ ✤ ✺ ✧ ✳ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✪ ★ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✦ ★ ✲
✤ ✳ ✧ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✫ ★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✯ ★ ✰ ✱ ✫ ✯ ★ ❛ ✦ ✫ ✬ ✫ ✩ ✫ ✭ ✭ ✧ ✭ ✫ ✷ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✩ ★ ❛ ✹ ✣
✦ ✣ ✧ ✮ ✧ ✳ ✦ ✩ ✧ ★ ✲ ✪ ✫ ✥ ✥ ★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✯ ★ ✰ ✱ s ✽ ✧ ✥ ✣ ✫ ✭ ✭ ★ ✳ ✭ ✱
✥ ✦ ✫ ✦ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✧ ★ ✩ ✧ ✪ ✫ ✳ ✰ ✳ ★ ✦ ✹ ✤ ✺ ✧ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✬ ✩ ★ ★ ✲ s ✽ ✧
✥ ✣ ✫ ✭ ✭ ✸ ✣ ★ ✵ ✧ ✺ ✧ ✩ ✸ ✫ ✬ ✬ ✭ ✱ ✤ ✦ ✦ ★ ✫ ✲ ✧ ✵ ✥ ✤ ✪ ✬ ✭ ✧ ✥ ✤ ✦ ❛ ✫ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ✥
✵ ✣ ✤ ✮ ✣ ✵ ✤ ✭ ✭ ✯ ✧ ✧ ✳ ★ ❛ ✹ ✣ ✦ ★ ✮ ★ ✳ ✺ ✤ ✳ ✮ ✧ ❛ ✥ ✫ ✯ ★ ❛ ✦ ✦ ✣ ✧
❛ ✥ ✧ ✲ ❛ ✭ ✳ ✧ ✥ ✥ ★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✧ ★ ✩ ✧ ✪ s ✢ ✣ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✧ ★ ✩ ✧ ✪ ✪ ✫ ✱
✯ ✧ ✥ ✦ ✫ ✦ ✧ ✰ ✫ ✥ ✲ ★ ✭ ✭ ★ ✵ ✥ ❜
✒ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✕ ❡ ✔
✾ ✿
✕ ✗
❀ ✾
✔ ✖
✿ ❀
✙ ✕ ✗ ✙
❁
✕
❂ ❃
✙
❁
✕
❄ ✿
✙
✾ ❃
✙ ✛
❀
✜
❀
✜ ✔
❅ ❄
✙ ✚
✿
✕
✿
✓ ✔ ✜
❄
❡ ✕ ✗
✿
✓ ✔ ❡ ✕ ❡ ✔
✾ ✿
✕ ✗
❀ ✾
✔ ✖
✿ ❀
✙ ✕ ✗
✿
✓ ✔
❁
✕
❂ ❃
✙
❁
✕
❄ ✿
✙ ✘ ✙ ✖✙ ✚ ✚ ✔ ✚ ✙ ✛
❀
✜ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✜
❀ ✾ ✐
✿
✓ ✖ ✕
❄ ✐
✓
❀ ✿
✜ t ✔
✾ ✿
✖ ✔ ✕ ✗ ❡ ✙ ✜ ✜ ✙
✾ ❂ ✿
✓ ✔ ✘ ✖✕
❂ ❄
t
✿
✕ ✗
❀ ✿
✜ ❡ ✙ ✜ ✜ ✙
✾ ❂ ✿
✓ ✔ ✜
❅ ❄
✙ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✗
✿
✓ ✔
❂ ❀
✜
✿
✙
✾
t ✔
❁
✔
✿
❆ ✔ ✔
✾ ✿
✓ ✔
✿
❆ ✕ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✚ ✔ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✎ ❇
✥ ✥ ✣ ★ ✵ ✳ ✤ ✳
✦ ✣ ✧
❈
✤ ✹ s
❉
s
❊ ❋
✸
③
✫ ✳ ✰
● ❍
✫ ✩ ✧ ✦ ✵ ★ ✬ ✫ ✩ ✫ ✭ ✭ ✧ ✭ ✫ ✷ ✧ ✥
✥ ✧ ✬ ✫ ✩ ✫ ✦ ✧ ✰ ✯ ✱ ✫ ✰ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✫ ✳ ✮ ✧
■
s ✢ ✣ ✧
③ ❏
✫ ✷ ✤ ✥ ✬ ✫ ✥ ✥ ✧ ✥
✦ ✣ ✩ ★ ❛ ✹ ✣ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✮ ✧ ✳ ✦ ✩ ✧ ★ ✲ ✪ ✫ ✥ ✥
♦
★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✩ ✤ ✹ ✤ ✰ ✯ ★ ✰ ✱ s
✢ ✣ ✧ ✳ ✫ ✮ ✮ ★ ✩ ✰ ✤ ✳ ✹ ✦ ★ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✧ ★ ✩ ✧ ✪ ★ ✲ ✬ ✫ ✩ ✫ ✭ ✭ ✧ ✭ ✫ ✷ ✧ ✥
❑
▲ ▼
◆ ❑
▲
❖ P ■
◗
❘ ❉
s
❊ ❉ ❯
✵ ✣ ✧ ✩ ✧
❑
▲
✫ ✳ ✰
❑
▲ ▼
✫ ✩ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✪ ★ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✦ ✥ ★ ✲ ✤ ✳ ✧ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✫ ★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧
✯ ★ ✰ ✱ ✫ ✯ ★ ❛ ✦ ✦ ✣ ✧
③
✫ ✳ ✰
③ ❱
✫ ✷ ✧ ✥ ✩ ✧ ✥ ✬ ✧ ✮ ✦ ✤ ✺ ✧ ✭ ✱ ✸
P
✤ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✧
✦ ★ ✦ ✫ ✭ ✪ ✫ ✥ ✥ ★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✯ ★ ✰ ✱ ✫ ✳ ✰
■
✤ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✬ ✧ ✩ ✬ ✧ ✳ ✰ ✤ ✮ ❛ ✭ ✫ ✩
✰ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✫ ✳ ✮ ✧ ✯ ✧ ✦ ✵ ✧ ✧ ✳ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✦ ✵ ★ ✬ ✫ ✩ ✫ ✭ ✭ ✧ ✭ ✫ ✷ ✧ ✥ s
❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❵ ✽ ✣ ✫ ✦ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✪ ★ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✦ ★ ✲
✤ ✳ ✧ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✫ ★ ✲ ✫ ✩ ★ ✰ ★ ✲ ✪ ✫ ✥ ✥
P
❝ ✭ ✧ ✳ ✹ ✦ ✣ ❧ ✫ ✯ ★ ❛ ✦
✫ ✳ ✫ ✷ ✤ ✥ ✬ ✧ ✩ ✬ ✧ ✳ ✰ ✤ ✮ ❛ ✭ ✫ ✩ ✦ ★ ✤ ✦ ✦ ✣ ✩ ★ ❛ ✹ ✣ ★ ✳ ✧
✧ ✳ ✰ ❞
❢ ❣ ❤ ❥ ❪ ❦
❈
★ ✩ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✩ ★ ✰ ★ ✲ ✪ ✫ ✥ ✥
P
✫ ✳ ✰ ✭ ✧ ✳ ✹ ✦ ✣ ❧✸
❑
♠
P
❧
◗
♥
❋
♣ s q ✥ ✤ ✳ ✹ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✬ ✫ ✩ ✫ ✭ ✭ ✧ ✭ ✫ ✷ ✧ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✧ ★ ✩ ✧ ✪ ✸
❑ ❱
♠
❑ ❖ P ■
◗
✵ ✤ ✦ ✣
■
♠ ❧r ✉ ✵ ✧ ✹ ✧ ✦ ✸
✈
✈ ✈
✇ ① ① ②
④ ④ ⑤ ④
⑥
⑤ ⑤
⑦ ⑧
⑨
⑩ ❶ ⑩
❷ ❸
❹ ❺
✽ ✧ ✮ ✫ ✳ ✮ ✣ ✧ ✮
❻
✦ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✳ ✰ ✧ ✬ ✧ ✳ ✰ ✧ ✳ ✦ ✭ ✱ ✥ ✤ ✳ ✮ ✧
❑
✤ ✥
✣ ✫ ✭ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✪ ★ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✦ ★ ✲ ✤ ✳ ✧ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✫ ★ ✲ ✫ ✩ ★ ✰ ★ ✲ ✪ ✫ ✥ ✥ ♣
P
✫ ✳ ✰ ✭ ✧ ✳ ✹ ✦ ✣ ♣ ❧ ✫ ✯ ★ ❛ ✦ ✤ ✦ ✥ ✪ ✤ ✰ ✬ ★ ✤ ✳ ✦ ✸
❼ ❼
❽ ❾
❿ ➀
❾
❿ ❿ ➁
➂ ➃➂
➄
➃
➅
➆ ➇ ➆
➈
❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❵
➉
✽ ✣ ✫ ✦ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✪ ★ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✦ ★ ✲
✤ ✳ ✧ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✫ ★ ✲ ✫ ✩ ✤ ✳ ✹ ✫ ✯ ★ ❛ ✦ ✫ ✦ ✫ ✳ ✹ ✧ ✳ ✦ ✦ ★ ✦ ✣ ✧
✮ ✤ ✩ ✮ ✭ ✧ ★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✩ ✤ ✳ ✹ ❞
❢ ❣ ❤ ❥ ❪ ❦
✢ ✣ ✧ ✦ ✫ ✳ ✹ ✧ ✳ ✦ ✦ ★ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✩ ✤ ✳ ✹ ✤ ✳ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✳ ✧ ★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✩ ✤ ✳ ✹
✤ ✥ ✬ ✫ ✩ ✫ ✭ ✭ ✧ ✭ ✦ ★ ★ ✳ ✧ ★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✰ ✤ ✫ ✪ ✧ ✦ ✧ ✩ ✥ ★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✩ ✤ ✳ ✹ s
✢ ✣ ✧ ✰ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✫ ✳ ✮ ✧ ✯ ✧ ✦ ✵ ✧ ✧ ✳ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✥ ✧ ✦ ✵ ★ ✬ ✫ ✩ ✫ ✭ ✭ ✧ ✭ ✫ ✷ ✧ ✥ ✤ ✥
➊
✸ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✩ ✫ ✰ ✤ ❛ ✥ ★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✩ ✤ ✳ ✹ s q ✥ ✤ ✳ ✹ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✬ ✫ ✩ ✫ ✭ ✭ ✧ ✭ ✫ ✷ ✧ ✥
✦ ✣ ✧ ★ ✩ ✧ ✪ ✸
➋ ➌ ➍ ➎ ➏➎ ➐➑
➒
➒ ➒ ➒
➓ ➔ → ➣↔ → ➓
↕
➙ ➙
➛ ➜ ➝
➞ ➟
➠ ➠
➞ ➟ ➞ ➟ ➞ ➟
➡ ➢ ➡ ➢ ➡
s
➈
✍ ✎ ✏ ✏ ➤ ➥ ➦➧ ➨ ➩ ✒ ➥ ➫ ➭ ➯ ➲ ➳ ➯ ✒ ➩ ✒ ➥ ➯ ➦➩ ➵ ➨ ➯ ✒ ➥ ➯ ➦
➩ ➸ ➯ ➺ ✒ ➩ ➲ ➥ ➻ ➧ ➼ ➩ ➻ ➥ ➭
✽ ✧ ✣ ✫ ✺ ✧ ✫ ✭ ✩ ✧ ✫ ✰ ✱ ✤ ✳ ✰ ✤ ✮ ✫ ✦ ✧ ✰ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✳ ✫ ✭ ★ ✹ ✱ ✯ ✧ ✦ ✵ ✧ ✧ ✳
✩ ★ ✦ ✫ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ✫ ✭ ✪ ★ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ✫ ✳ ✰ ✦ ✩ ✫ ✳ ✥ ✭ ✫ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ✫ ✭ ✪ ★ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ s
❈
★ ✩
✧ ✷ ✫ ✪ ✬ ✭ ✧ ✸ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✳ ✹ ❛ ✭ ✫ ✩ ✺ ✧ ✭ ★ ✮ ✤ ✦ ✱ ➽ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✱ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✥ ✫ ✪ ✧
✩ ★ ✭ ✧ ✤ ✳ ✩ ★ ✦ ✫ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ✫ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✭ ✤ ✳ ✧ ✫ ✩ ✺ ✧ ✭ ★ ✮ ✤ ✦ ✱
➾
✤ ✳
✦ ✩ ✫ ✳ ✥ ✭ ✫ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ s ✽ ✧ ✵ ✤ ✥ ✣ ✦ ★ ✦ ✫
❻
✧ ✦ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✫ ✳ ✫ ✭ ★ ✹ ✱
✲ ❛ ✩ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✩ s ✴ ✳ ✰ ★ ✤ ✳ ✹ ✥ ★ ✵ ✧ ✥ ✣ ✫ ✭ ✭ ✩ ✧ ✥ ✦ ✩ ✤ ✮ ✦ ✦ ✣ ✧
✰ ✤ ✥ ✮ ❛ ✥ ✥ ✤ ★ ✳ ★ ✳ ✭ ✱ ✦ ★ ✩ ★ ✦ ✫ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ✫ ✯ ★ ❛ ✦ ✲ ✤ ✷ ✧ ✰ ✫ ✷ ✤ ✥ s ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥
✮ ✫ ✥ ✧ ★ ✲ ✪ ★ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ✤ ✳ ✺ ★ ✭ ✺ ✧ ✥ ★ ✳ ✭ ✱ ★ ✳ ✧ ✰ ✧ ✹ ✩ ✧ ✧ ★ ✲
✲ ✩ ✧ ✧ ✰ ★ ✪ ✸ ✤ s ✧ s ✸ ✳ ✧ ✧ ✰ ✥ ★ ✳ ✭ ✱ ★ ✳ ✧ ✤ ✳ ✰ ✧ ✬ ✧ ✳ ✰ ✧ ✳ ✦
✺ ✫ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✯ ✭ ✧ ✦ ★ ✰ ✧ ✥ ✮ ✩ ✤ ✯ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✪ ★ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ s ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✤ ✳
✦ ✩ ✫ ✳ ✥ ✭ ✫ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ✮ ★ ✩ ✩ ✧ ✥ ✬ ★ ✳ ✰ ✥ ✦ ★ ✭ ✤ ✳ ✧ ✫ ✩ ✪ ★ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ s ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥
✥ ✧ ✮ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ✤ ✥ ✭ ✤ ✪ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✰ ★ ✳ ✭ ✱ ✦ ★
❻
✤ ✳ ✧ ✪ ✫ ✦ ✤ ✮ ✥ s ✽ ✧ ✥ ✣ ✫ ✭ ✭
✦ ❛ ✩ ✳ ✦ ★ ✰ ✱ ✳ ✫ ✪ ✤ ✮ ✥ ✤ ✳ ✭ ✫ ✦ ✧ ✩ ✥ ✧ ✮ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ✥ s
✽ ✧ ✩ ✧ ✮ ✫ ✭ ✭ ✦ ✣ ✫ ✦ ✲ ★ ✩ ✥ ✬ ✧ ✮ ✤ ✲ ✱ ✤ ✳ ✹ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✳ ✹ ❛ ✭ ✫ ✩
✰ ✤ ✥ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✮ ✧ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✦ ★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✩ ★ ✦ ✫ ✦ ✤ ✳ ✹ ✯ ★ ✰ ✱ ✵ ✧ ✦ ✫
❻
✧ ✫ ✳ ✱
✬ ✫ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✮ ✭ ✧ ✭ ✤
❻
✧ ➚
❘ ❈
✤ ✹ s
❉
s
❊ ❊ ❯
★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✯ ★ ✰ ✱ s ✴ ✦ ✥ ✫ ✳ ✹ ❛ ✭ ✫ ✩
✰ ✤ ✥ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✮ ✧ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✦ ➪ ✤ ✳ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✳ ✧ ✤ ✦ ✪ ★ ✺ ✧ ✥ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✧
✫ ✳ ✹ ❛ ✭ ✫ ✩ ✰ ✤ ✥ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✮ ✧ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✦ ★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✵ ✣ ★ ✭ ✧ ✯ ★ ✰ ✱
➶
➪ ✤ ✥
✪ ✧ ✫ ✥ ❛ ✩ ✧ ✰ ✲ ✩ ★ ✪ ✫ ✲ ✤ ✷ ✧ ✰ ✰ ✤ ✩ ✧ ✮ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ✤ ✳ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✳ ✧ ★ ✲
✪ ★ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ★ ✲ ➚ ✸ ✵ ✣ ✤ ✮ ✣ ✵ ✧ ✦ ✫
❻
✧ ✦ ★ ✯ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✧ ➹ ➘
❏
✫ ✷ ✤ ✥ ✸
✮ ✣ ★ ✥ ✧ ✳ ✬ ✫ ✩ ✫ ✭ ✭ ✧ ✭ ✦ ★ ✦ ✣ ✧ ➹
❏
✫ ✷ ✤ ✥ s ➴★ ✦ ✧ ✸ ✫ ✥ ✥ ✣ ★ ✵ ✳ ✸
✦ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✷ ✤ ✥ ★ ✲ ✩ ★ ✦ ✫ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✧
③
➷ ✫ ✷ ✤ ✥ ✫ ✳ ✰ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✳ ✧
★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✪ ★ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ★ ✲ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✬ ✫ ✩ ✦ ✤ ✮ ✭ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✣ ✧ ➹
❏ ➬
✬ ✭ ✫ ✳ ✧ s
❈
✤ ✹ s
❉
s
❊ ❊
✫ ✭ ✥ ★ ✥ ✣ ★ ✵ ✥
➮
➱
✸ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✳ ✹ ❛ ✭ ✫ ✩
✰ ✤ ✥ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✮ ✧ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✦ ✫ ✦
✃
♠
❐
s
✽ ✧ ✫ ✭ ✥ ★ ✩ ✧ ✮ ✫ ✭ ✭ ✦ ✣ ✫ ✦ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✳ ✹ ❛ ✭ ✫ ✩ ✺ ✧ ✭ ★ ✮ ✤ ✦ ✱ ✤ ✥
✦ ✣ ✧ ✦ ✤ ✪ ✧ ✩ ✫ ✦ ✧ ★ ✲ ✮ ✣ ✫ ✳ ✹ ✧ ★ ✲ ✫ ✳ ✹ ❛ ✭ ✫ ✩ ✰ ✤ ✥ ✬ ✭ ✫ ✮ ✧ ✪ ✧ ✳ ✦ ✸
❒ ❒ ♠ ✰ ❮ ❮ ♥ ✰
✃
s ➴ ★ ✦ ✧ ✥ ✤ ✳ ✮ ✧ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✫ ✷ ✤ ✥ ★ ✲ ✩ ★ ✦ ✫ ✦ ✤ ★ ✳ ✤ ✥
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
✞
✞
❢ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✡ ✟ ❡ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✡ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✟ ✌ ✘
✒ ❡ ✒ ✖ ✡ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✳ ✙ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ☞
✚ ✚
✥ ☛
✛ ✛
✴ ☛ t ✳
❚ ✍ ✡ ✜ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✢ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✣ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✡ ❡ ✟ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✕
✢ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ☞ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ☛ ✟ ❡ ♠ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✡ ✢ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✤ ✦ ✮ ☞ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎
✖ ✡ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✤
✧ ✧
✮ ✒ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✤ ★ ✮
✎ ✡ ❡ ♠ ✡ ✗ ✌ ✟ ✖ ✡ ✕ ✘ ✗ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✡ ❡ ♠ ✑ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✜ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✢ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✗ ✣ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✡ ❡
✟ ✏ ✕ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✢ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✟ ❡ ♠ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✡ ✢ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✤ ① ✮ ☞ ✖ ✡ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✤ ✈ ✮
✒ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✤ ❛ ✮ ✳ ✩ ✡ ✜ ✏ ✑ ✪ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✜ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✢ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✗ ✒ ✕
✡ ✣ ✔ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ❡ ✑ ❢ ✕ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✢ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✪ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✔ ✏ ✟ ❢ ✑ ✎ ✢ ✤ ✟ ✳ ✡ ✳
✗ ✑ ✏ ❡ ✌ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✮ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏
❝
✈ ✥ ✈
✵
✫
❛ t ✤ ✒ ✮
✷
✬ ✬
✭
✯
✰ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✱✸❂ ✹ ✹
✤
✺
✮
✻ ✻
✼
✽ ✾ ✿❀ ❀ ❁ ❃
✤ ✗ ✮
✪ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✡ ①
✵
✥ ✟ ✏ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✒ ✕ ☛ ✟ ❡ ♠ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✡ ✢ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✏ ☛ ✈
✵
✥ ✟ ✏ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✒ ✕
✖ ✡ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✳ ❚ ✍ ✡ ✪ ✑ ✎ ☛
❞
✟ ✏ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✒ ✕
❄
✎ ✡ ❢ ✡ ✎ ❡ ✌ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✡ ❡ ✑ ❢ ✌ ✍ ✡
✣ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✡ ❡ ✒ ✌ t ✥ ❅
❚ ✍ ✡ ✗ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✡ ❡ ♠ ✑ ✏ ☛ ✟ ✏ ✓ ✜ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✢ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✗ ✡ ✣ ✔ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ❡ ❢ ✑ ✎
✎ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✕ ✢ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✪ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✔ ✏ ✟ ❢ ✑ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎
✒ ✗ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✎ ✡
❝
0
❆ ❆ ❇❈ ❉ t
✤
❊
✳
❋ ●
✮
✷
✬ ✬
✭
✯
✱ ✱
❍ ❍ ■ ❏
❂ ✹ ✹
✤
❊
✳
❋
❑ ✮
✒ ✏ ☛
22
00 2(– )▲ ▲ ▼ ◆ ◆❖ ◗ ✤
❊
✳
❘
❅ ✮
✪ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✡
❙
✵
✥ ✟ ✏ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ☛ ✟ ❡ ♠ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✡ ✢ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✑ ❢ ✌ ✍ ✡
✎ ✑ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✏ ✓
✺
✑ ☛ ✘ ☞ ✒ ✏ ☛
❯
✵
✥ ✟ ✏ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✖ ✡ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✟ ✌ ✘
✑ ❢ ✌ ✍ ✡
✺
✑ ☛ ✘ ✳
❱ ❲ ❳ ❨❩ ❨❬ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫❴ ❵ ❜❣ ❵ ❤ ✐ ❥ ❦ ❫ ❧ ❤ ✐ ♥ ♦ ❧ ♣ ❪ q r❵ ❥❵ q❤ q ❜ ❧ ♣ ❵ ✐ ❵ s
✉
qs ❣
✇
② ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❷ ❸ ✺
✌ ✒ ✟ ✏
❹
✣ ✳ ✤
❊
✳
❋ ●
✮ ❢ ✎ ✑ ✢ ❢ ✟ ✎ ❡ ✌
♠ ✎ ✟ ✏ ✗ ✟ ♠ ✕ ✡ ❡ ✳
❺ ❻ ❼ ❽ ⑧ ❾
❚ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✟ ❡ ✔ ✏ ✟ ❢ ✑ ✎ ✢ ☞
✍ ✡ ✏ ✗ ✡
❿
❿
➀ ➁ ➂ ➃ ➄ ➅ ➂ ➄
➄
➆
➇ ➈ ➈
✤ ✟ ✮
➉ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✓ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✟ ❡ ✡ ✣ ✔ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ☞
➊ ➋ ➌➍ ➎➏ ➐
➑
➒ ➓ ➔ → ➔ ➣ ↔ ↕ ➔ ➙ ➓ ↕ ➙ ➛
➄ ➀➇ ➇➈
➜
➝ ✌ t ➞ ➟ ☞
❯
✥
❯
✵
✤ ✓ ✟ ✖ ✡ ✏ ✮
✙ ✎ ✑ ✢ ✤ ✟ ✮ ✪ ✡ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✒ ✌ t ➞ ➟ ➠
❯
✥ ➡ ✥
❯
✵
❚ ✍ ✔ ❡ ☞
❯
✥ ➢ t
✫ ❯
✵
✒ ❡ ✎ ✡ ✣ ✔ ✟ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✳
✩ ✟ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✡ ❢ ✟ ✏ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✑ ❢
➤
✥ ☛
➥
✴ ☛ t ✪ ✡ ✢ ✒ ✘
✟ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✓ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✡
❹
✣ ✳ ✤
❊
✳
❋ ●
✮ ✌ ✑ ✓ ✡ ✌
❹
✣ ✳ ✤
❊
✳
❋
❑ ✮ ✳ ❚ ✍ ✟ ❡
☛ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✖ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✎ ✟ ✖ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✑ ❢
❹
✣ ✳ ✤
❊
✳
❘
❅ ✮ ✟ ❡
✕ ✡ ❢ ✌ ✒ ❡ ✒ ✏ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✗ ✟ ❡ ✡ ✳
② ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ➦
❚ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ❡ ♠ ✡ ✡ ☛ ✑ ❢ ✒
✢ ✑ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✪ ✍ ✡ ✡ ✕ ✟ ❡ ✟ ✏ ✗ ✎ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✡ ☛ ❢ ✎ ✑ ✢
➧ ➨
❅ ❅ ✎ ♠ ✢
✌ ✑
❋ ➧ ➨
❅ ✎ ♠ ✢ ✟ ✏
➧ ➩
❡ ✡ ✗ ✑ ✏ ☛ ❡ ✳ ✤ ✟ ✮ ✩ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✟ ❡ ✟ ✌ ❡
✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ☞ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✔ ✢ ✟ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✡
✒ ✗ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✑
✺
✡ ✔ ✏ ✟ ❢ ✑ ✎ ✢
➫
✤ ✟ ✟ ✮
➭
✑ ✪ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✘
✎ ✡ ✖ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏ ❡ ☛ ✑ ✡ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✡ ✏ ✓ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✢ ✒ ✜ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✟ ✏ ✓
✌ ✍ ✟ ❡ ✌ ✟ ✢ ✡
➫
❺ ❻ ❼ ❽ ⑧ ❾
✤ ✟ ✮ ✩ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✒ ✕ ✕ ✔ ❡ ✡
❯
✥
❯
✵
✫
➢ t
❯
✵
✥ ✟ ✏ ✟ ✌ ✟ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ❡ ♠ ✡ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✏ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✴ ❡
✥
➨
➯ ➲ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ❡ ♠ ✡ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✖ ✴ ❡
✥
➳ ➵ ➸ ➺ ➻ ➼ ➵ ➽ ➾ ➚ ➪ ➪ ➶ ➹ ➸ ➽ ➪ ➘ ➴ ➷ ➹ ➸
➬ ➮
➾ ➴ ➷ ➹ ➸
➱ ×
✥
✃ ❐ ✃ ❒ ❒
❮
➓ ❿
❰
➔
Ï ❒
Ð Ñ
✥
❘
❅ ➯ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✴ ❡
Ò ✟ ✢ ✟ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✕ ✘
❯
✥ ❢ ✟ ✏ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ❡ ♠ ✡ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✏ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✴ ❡
✥
✃ Ó ❐ ✃ ❒
❮
➓ ❿
❰
➔
Ï ❒
Ð Ñ
✥
➨
➯ ➲
Ô ➨
✎ ✒ ☛ ✴ ❡
✥
➧
❅
❘
➯ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✴ ❡
Õ ➝ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✎ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✏
Ö
Ø
Ù Ù
Ú
Û
Ü
✥
❘
➯ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✴ ❡
Ý
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✻ ✾
✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✖ ✖ ✎ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✛
✹ ✜ ✕ ✏ ✥ ✢ ✣
✷
✭
✘ ✘
✤
✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✥ ✘ ✣
✦
✔ ✏ ✖ ✎
✧
✎ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✘
✧
✎
t
✘ ✣
✒ ✘
❣
✎ ✑
★ ✩
✪
✵
✫
✬
✮ ✮✯ ✰ ✱❂ ✲
✳
✴
✸ ✺ ✼
✴
✽ ✺
✴
✽ ✿
❀
❁ ❁❃ ❄ ❅ ❄ ❄
✕ ✏ ✥
❆ ❇ ❈ ❉ ❊ ❋ ● ❍■ ■❏ ❑
✕ ✏ ✥
✛
▲ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖
✕ ✏ ✥
P
✓
✧ ★
✎ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✎
❣
✙ ✔ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✣ ✛
✫ ✫ ◗ ✬
◗ ❘ ❯
✬
❱
❱
❂
❲
❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫❴ ❵ ❛ ❜ ❝ ❞ ❡ ❢ ❞ ❤ ❴ ❤ ❛ ❞ ❫ ❴ ✐ ❵ ❞ ❤ ❛ ❞ ❫
❴ ❥ ❞ ❦ ❤ ❴ ❡ ❛ ❧ ♠ ❭ ❴ ❧ ❛ ❝
✌ ✏
★
✔ ✎
♥ ♦ ◆
✔ ✘ ✣ ✗ ✣
♣
✓ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✣ ✏ ✣ ✣ ✙ ✖ ✘ ✏ ✗ ✎ ✥
q
✘ ✗ ✍ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✕
✧
✙ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✔ ✙ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✣ ✘ ✑ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✏ ✔
✧
✙ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑
♦
r
✎ ✍ ✏
❣
✎ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✥
✩
✖ ✙
✧ ✦
✏ ✕ ✎ ✥
s
✘ ✑ ✎
✧
✏ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎
✗
q
✙
✧
✙ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✣
♦ ✉
✔ ✣ ✙
✈ q
✎
s
✑ ✙
q
✗ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✏ ✔
✧
✙ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑
✧
✙
✧
✎ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✏ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✗ ✙ ✕
♣
✓ ✎
✦
✔ ✏
✩
✗ ✍ ✎
✣ ✏
✧
✎ ✕ ✙ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✣
✧
✏ ✣ ✣ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✣
✦
✎ ✖ ✗ ✘
❣
✎ ✔
✩
✘ ✑
✔ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✕
✧
✙ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑
♦
✇ ✘
❣
✎ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✣
q
✎ ✣ ✍ ✙ ✓ ✔ ✥
★
✎ ✏
★
✔ ✎ ✗ ✙
✒ ✓ ✎ ✣ ✣
q
✍ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✔ ✙ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✣ ✘ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✏ ✗ ✎ ✥ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✎
✗ ✏
★
✔ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✎
♦
① ✙ ✕ ✎ ② ✏
✧ ✦
✔ ✎
✈ q
✎
s
✑ ✙
q
✗ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✕
✧
✙ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑
✈ q
✙ ✕
s
✥ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✘ ✣ ✒ ✘
❣
✎ ✑
★ ✩
③ ④ ⑤
✈
✘ ✑ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✏ ✔
✧
✙ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✏
★
✙ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✚ ✘ ② ✎ ✥ ✏ ② ✘ ✣ ✘ ✗ ✣ ✍ ✙ ✓ ✔ ✥
★
✎
⑥ ⑦ ⑧
✈
✣ ✘ ✑ ✖ ✎
q
✎ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✥
✩ s
✑ ✙
q
✗ ✍ ✎ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✕ ✎ ✣
✦
✙ ✑ ✥ ✎ ✑ ✖ ✎
⑨ ⑨⑩
⑧
❶
✏ ✑ ✥
❷ ❸ ❹
♦ ❺
✗ ✘ ✣
✈
✍ ✙
q
✎
❣
✎ ✕
✈
✑ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✣ ✣ ✏ ✕
✩
✗ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✣ ✎ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✕ ✎ ✣
✦
✙ ✑ ✥ ✎ ✑ ✖ ✎ ✣ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✣ ✗ ✏
★
✔ ✘ ✣ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✙ ✑
✣ ✙ ✓ ✑ ✥ ✥
✩
✑ ✏
✧
✘ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✣ ✘ ✥ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✣
♦
✌ ✍ ✘ ✣ ✘ ✣
q
✍ ✏ ✗
q
✎ ✑ ✙
q
✗ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✙
♦
❻ ✎ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✎
q
✎
★
✎ ✒ ✘ ✑
✈ q
✎ ✑ ✙ ✗ ✎ ❼ ❽ ❾ ❿ ➀ ➁ ❾ ➂ ❾ ➃ ➄ ➅❾ ➆ ➇
➅
➈
➄ ➅ ➄
➉
❾ ❽
➊
❽ ❾ ➇ ➅
➈ ➊
➃ ➄ ❽
➊
➆ ➂
➉
➆ ➅➄ ➅❾ ➆ ➇ ➄ ➁ ❿ ➆ ➅ ❾ ➆ ➇
➄
➋
➆
➌
➅ ➄ ➂ ❾
➍ ➊ ➎
➄
➍
❾ ❽
➏ ➐
✘ ✑ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣ ✘ ✣ ✚ ✘ ② ✎ ✥
✈
✙ ✑ ✔
✩
✗ ✍ ✙ ✣ ✎ ✖ ✙
✧ ✦
✙ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✙ ✕
♣
✓ ✎ ✣
✈ q
✍ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✙ ✑ ✒
✗ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✘ ✕ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✚ ✘ ② ✎ ✥ ✏ ② ✘ ✣ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✥ ✗ ✙
★
✎
✖ ✙ ✑ ✣ ✘ ✥ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✥ ✘ ✑ ✙ ✓ ✕ ✥ ✘ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✣ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✑
♦ ➑
✑ ✔
✩
✗ ✍ ✎ ✣ ✎
✖ ✙
✧ ✦
✙ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✏ ✓ ✣ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✎
★
✙ ✥
✩
✗ ✙ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✏ ✗ ✎ ✏
★
✙ ✓ ✗
✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣
♦ ✉
✖ ✙
✧ ✦
✙ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✙ ✕
♣
✓ ✎
✦
✎ ✕
✦
✎ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑
q
✘ ✔ ✔ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✥
✗ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣ ✚ ✕ ✙
✧
✘ ✗ ✣
✦
✙ ✣ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑
♦ r
✎ ✣
✦
✎ ✖ ✘ ✚ ✘ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✔
✩
✏ ✣ ✣ ✓
✧
✎ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✎
q
✘ ✔ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✘ ✣ ✎ ✑ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✣ ✣ ✏ ✕
✩
✚ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✣ ✙ ✚
✖ ✙ ✑ ✣ ✗ ✕ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✗ ✙ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✚ ✚ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎
✦
✎ ✕
✦
✎ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✙
✧ ✦
✙ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎
✭
✎ ② ✗ ✎ ✕ ✑ ✏ ✔
✤
✗ ✙ ✕
♣
✓ ✎ ✣
✈
✣ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✚ ✘ ② ✎ ✥
✦
✙ ✣ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣
q
✘ ✔ ✔
★
✎
✧
✏ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✥
♦
✌ ✍ ✎
✦
✎ ✕
✦
✎ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕
✖ ✙
✧ ✦
✙ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✙ ✕
♣
✓ ✎ ✣
✈
✗ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✎ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✥ ✑ ✙ ✗
★
✎ ✗ ✏
s
✎ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✖ ✖ ✙ ✓ ✑ ✗
♦
✌ ✍ ✘ ✣
✧
✎ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✙ ✓ ✕
✖ ✏ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✙ ✕
♣
✓ ✎ ✣ ✙ ✑ ✏ ✕ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✥
★
✙ ✥
✩
➒
✭ ▲ ✤ r
✎ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✥ ✗ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✣ ✘ ✥ ✎ ✕ ✙ ✑ ✔
✩
✗ ✍ ✙ ✣ ✎ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✣ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✗
✔ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✑
✦
✔ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✣
✦
✎ ✕
✦
✎ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣
♦
① ✙ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✣
q
✍ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✎
✦
✏ ✕ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣
q
✘ ✔ ✔
✒ ✘
❣
✎ ✗ ✙ ✕
♣
✓ ✎ ✣
✦
✎ ✕
✦
✎ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣ ✏ ✑ ✥
✑ ✎ ✎ ✥ ✑ ✙ ✗
★
✎ ✗ ✏
s
✎ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✖ ✖ ✙ ✓ ✑ ✗
♦
✭ ◆ ✤ r
✎ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✥ ✗ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✣ ✘ ✥ ✎ ✕ ✙ ✑ ✔
✩
✗ ✍ ✙ ✣ ✎ ✖ ✙
✧ ✦
✙ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✣
✙ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎
✦
✙ ✣ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑
❣
✎ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✣
q
✍ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✎
✦
✎ ✕
✦
✎ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣
♦
➓✙
✧ ✦
✙ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✣ ✙ ✚
✦
✙ ✣ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑
❣
✎ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✣ ✏ ✔ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣
q
✘ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✘ ✑
✗ ✙ ✕
♣
✓ ✎ ✣
✦
✎ ✕
✦
✎ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣ ✏ ✑ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✥
✑ ✙ ✗
★
✎ ✗ ✏
s
✎ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✖ ✖ ✙ ✓ ✑ ✗
♦
➔
➆
➉ → ➎
➆ ➇
➊ ➋ ➣
➄ ➅ ➆
➉ ↔ ➌ ➊
↕ ➙ ➛ ➜ ➝➜ ➞➟ ➠ ➡➢ ➤ ➥ ➡ ➦ ➧ ➨ ➩ ➫ ➭ ➡➢ ➯ ➧ ➲
➳
➫ ➯ ➵➸ ➦ ➺ ➡ ➦ ➫ ➻ ➫ ➢ ➵➸ ➯ ➼ ➧
➡ ➭ ➫ ➨ ➡➥ ➩ ➢ ➡➵➫ ➵➸ ➦ ➺ ➫ ➨ ➡ ➽ ➵ ➫ ➭ ➸ ➾➧➥ ➫ ➾ ➸ ➚➪ ➵➶ ➧
➻ ➫ ➢ ➵ ➸ ➯ ➼ ➧ ➥ ➧ ➚ ➯ ➢ ➸ ➨ ➧ ➚ ➫ ➯ ➸ ➢ ➯ ➽ ➼ ➫ ➢ ➻ ➫ ➵ ➶
➹
➸ ➵ ➶
➯ ➧ ➦ ➵➢ ➧ ➘ ➡ ➦ ➵➶ ➧ ➫ ➾ ➸ ➚➪ ➫ ➢ ➯ ➴
➳
➴ ➷
➳
➬ ➮ ➚
➳
➱ ➺ ➸ ✃➧ ➚
➵➶ ➧ ➥ ➸ ➚➻ ➼ ➫ ➯ ➧❐➧ ➦ ➵ ➡ ➭ ➵ ➶ ➧ ➻ ➫ ➢ ➵➸ ➯ ➼ ➧ ❒
① ✘ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✎
♥ ♦
❮ ✹ ✣ ✍ ✙
q
✣ ✏ ✖ ✕ ✙ ✣ ✣ ❰ ✣ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✏ ✕ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✥
★
✙ ✥
✩
✕ ✙ ✗ ✏ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏
★
✙ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✚ ✘ ② ✎ ✥ ✏ ② ✘ ✣
✈ q
✍ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✘ ✣ ✗ ✏
s
✎ ✑
✏ ✣ ✗ ✍ ✎
Ï
❰ ✏ ② ✘ ✣
✭ ✦
✎ ✕
✦
✎ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✎
✦
✔ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎
✦
✏ ✒ ✎ Ð ✣ ✎ ✎ ① ✘ ✒
♦ ♥ ♦
❮ ❮
✤ ♦ ✉
✣ ✣ ✏ ✘ ✥ ✏
★
✙
❣
✎
q
✎ ✑ ✎ ✎ ✥ ✗ ✙
✖ ✙ ✑ ✣ ✘ ✥ ✎ ✕ ✙ ✑ ✔
✩
✗ ✍ ✙ ✣ ✎ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✣
q
✍ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✑
✦
✔ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✣
✦
✎ ✕
✦
✎ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣
♦ Ñ
✎ ✗ ❡
Ò
★
✎ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✣ ✓ ✖ ✍
✗
✩ ✦
✘ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✣ ✍ ✙
q
✑ ✙ ✑ ✏
✦
✏ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✎ ✙ ✚
✗ ✍ ✎
★
✙ ✥
✩
✏ ✗
✦
✙ ✘ ✑ ✗ Ó
Ò
q
✘ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✗ ✣ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✚ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✏
✦
✔ ✏ ✑ ✎
✦
✎ ✕
✦
✎ ✑ ✥ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣
♦
① ✙ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✑
❣
✎ ✑ ✘ ✎ ✑ ✖ ✎
q
✎ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✣ ✗ ✙
★
✎ ✗ ✍ ✎ ⑤
Ô Õ Ö Ô ✦
✔ ✏ ✑ ✎
✭
✖ ✙ ✘ ✑ ✖ ✘ ✥ ✎ ✑ ✗
q
✘ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✎
✦
✔ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎
✦
✏ ✒ ✎
✤ ♦
✌ ✍ ✎
✦
✏ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✗ Ó
Ò
✥ ✎ ✣ ✖ ✕ ✘
★
✎ ✣ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕
✦
✏ ✗ ✍ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✏ ✥ ✘ ✓ ✣ ×
Ò
q
✘ ✗ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✕ ✎
➓ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ② ✘ ✣ Ð ➓Ó
Ò
Ø
×
Ò
➏
❺
✑ ✗ ✘
✧
✎ Ù
t ✈
✗ ✍ ✎
✦
✙ ✘ ✑ ✗
✧
✙
❣
✎ ✣ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✎
✦
✙ ✣ ✘ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑
Ó
Ò
Ú ♦
✌ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✘ ✣
✦
✔ ✏ ✖ ✎
✧
✎ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎
✦
✏ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✎ ④ ❽
Ò
✈
✗ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✎
✈
✍ ✏ ✣
✧
✏ ✒ ✑ ✘ ✗ ✓ ✥ ✎ ✥ Û
Ò
✛ ×
Ò
✥ Ü ✏ ✑ ✥
✥ ✘ ✕ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✗ Ó
Ò
✗ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✖ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕
✦
✏ ✗ ✍
✏ ✣ ✣ ✍ ✙
q
✑
♦ Ý
✎ ✕ ✎ ✥ Ü ✘ ✣ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✥ ✘ ✣
✦
✔ ✏ ✖ ✎
✧
✎ ✑ ✗
✙ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✎
✦
✏ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✎
✈
✥ Ü ✛
Þ Þ
ß à ßá â
♦
✌ ✍ ✎
q
✙ ✕
s
✥ ✙ ✑ ✎
★ ✩
✗ ✍ ✎ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✎
✦
✏ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✎ ✘ ✣
✥ ã
Ò
Ø
❡
ä
➏
✥ ❽
Ò
✛ ③
Ò
✥ Û
Ò
✖ ✙ ✣ å
Ò
✛ ③
Ò
✭
×
Ò
✥ æ
✤
✣ ✘ ✑ ç
Ò
q
✍ ✎ ✕ ✎ å
Ò
✘ ✣ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✎
★
✎ ✗
q
✎ ✎ ✑ ❡
Ò
✏ ✑ ✥ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✗
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❛ ✞ ✟
✠ ✡
❛ ✥ ☛ ☞
✠
✌ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✏ ❛ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✞ ✔ ✏ ✏ ✥ ❋
✠
❛ ✥ ☛ ✞ ✎ ✏
r ❛ ☛ ✌ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✏ ✗ ✞ ✘ r ❖ ✙
✠
❀ ✚
✠
✛ ☞
✠
✜ ✢ ✣ ➦ ✳
❚ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✘ r q ✕ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✏ ✞ ✘ ❋
✠
❛ ✓ ✘ ✕ ✞ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✘ r ✌ ✑ ✌ ✥ ✌ ✍
❖ ✙
✠
× ❋
✠
✳ ✤ ✘ ✔ ❖ ✙
✠
✜ ❖ ✦ ✛ ❖ ✙
✠
✳ ✧ ❘ ✏ ★ ✏ r ✞ ✘
✩ ✌ ✑ ✳ ✪ ✳ ✫ ✪ ✬ ✓ ✭ ✳ ✮ ✯ ✌ ✥ ✗ ✏ ❖ ✦ ✌ ✍ ❛ ✒ ✘ ✥ ✑ ✞ ✎ ✏ ❛ ✰ ✌ ✍ ✱ ✞ ✎ ✏
✞ ✘ r q ✕ ✏ r ✏ ✍ ✕ ✒ ✞ ✌ ✥ ✑ ★ r ✘ ♦ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✰ ✗ ✒ ✕ ☛ ✏ ☛ ★ r ✘ ♦ ✘ ✕ r
✗ ✘ ✥ ✍ ✌ ☛ ✏ r ❛ ✞ ✌ ✘ ✥ ✳ ❚ ✎ ✏ ✏ ★ ★ ✏ ✗ ✞ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✞ ✘ r q ✕ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✏ ✞ ✘ ❋
✠
✌ ✍
✲ ✲
✠
✜ ✦ ✙ × ❋
✠
❀ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✌ r ✏ ✗ ✞ ✏ ☛ ❛ ✒ ✘ ✥ ✑ ✞ ✎ ✏ ❛ ✰ ✌ ✍ ✘ ★ r ✘ ✞ ❛ ✞ ✌ ✘ ✥
❛ ✥ ☛ ✎ ❛ ✍ ❛ ♦ ❛ ✑ ✥ ✌ ✞ ✕ ☛ ✏ ✴
✠
✜ ✵
✠
✷
✠
✍ ✌ ✥ ✸ ✱ ❚ ✎ ✏ r ✏ ★ ✘ r ✏ ✱
☛ ❲
✠
✹ ✴
✠
☛ ✺
■ ★ ✞ ✎ ✏ r ✏ ❛ r ✏ ♦ ✘ r ✏ ✞ ✎ ❛ ✥ ✘ ✥ ✏ ★ ✘ r ✗ ✏ ✍ ❛ ✗ ✞ ✌ ✥ ✑ ✘ ✥
✞ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✘ ☛ t ✱ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✘ r ✻ ☛ ✘ ✥ ✏ ✓ t ❛ ✒ ✒ ✘ ★ ✞ ✎ ✏ ♦ ✗ ❛ ✥ ✓ ✏
❛ ☛ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✞ ✘ ✑ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✘ ✞ ❛ ✒ ✔ ✘ r ✻ ☛ ✘ ✥ ✏ ✘ ✥ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✘ ☛ t ✳
❉ ✏ ✥ ✘ ✞ ✌ ✥ ✑ ✞ ✎ ✏ ♦ ❛ ✑ ✥ ✌ ✞ ✕ ☛ ✏ ✍ ✘ ★ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✘ r q ✕ ✏ ✍ ☛ ✕ ✏ ✞ ✘
✞ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✌ ★ ★ ✏ r ✏ ✥ ✞ ★ ✘ r ✗ ✏ ✍ ❛ ✍ ✴
✠
✼ ✴
✽
✱ ✾ ✏ ✞ ✗ ✱
✿ ❁
❞ ❂ ❃ ❃ ❃ ❄ ❞❅ ❆ ❆ ❇❈ ❊ ❊
❘ ✏ ♦ ✏ ♦ ✓ ✏ r ✱ ✞ ✎ ✏ ★ ✘ r ✗ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✖ ✌ ✥ ✑ r ✌ ✍ ✏ ✞ ✘ ✞ ✎ ✏
✞ ✘ r q ✕ ✏ ✍ ❛ ✗ ✞ ✘ ✥ ☛ ✌ ★ ★ ✏ r ✏ ✥ ✞ ❢ ❛ r ✞ ✌ ✗ ✒ ✏ ✍ ✱ ✓ ✕ ✞ ✞ ✎ ✏
❛ ✥ ✑ ✕ ✒ ❛ r ☛ ✌ ✍ ❢ ✒ ❛ ✗ ✏ ♦ ✏ ✥ ✞ ☛
●
✌ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✍ ❛ ♦ ✏ ★ ✘ r ❛ ✒ ✒
❢ ❛ r ✞ ✌ ✗ ✒ ✏ ✍ ✳ ✯ ✌ ✥ ✗ ✏ ❛ ✒ ✒ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✘ r q ✕ ✏ ✍ ✗ ✘ ✥ ✍ ✌ ☛ ✏ r ✏ ☛ ❛ r ✏
❢ ❛ r ❛ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✞ ✘ ✞ ✎ ✏ ★ ✌ ✰ ✏ ☛ ❛ ✰ ✌ ✍ ✱ ✞ ✎ ✏ ♦ ❛ ✑ ✥ ✌ ✞ ✕ ☛ ✏ ✴ ✘ ★ ✞ ✎ ✏
✞ ✘ ✞ ❛ ✒ ✞ ✘ r q ✕ ✏ ✌ ✍
❍
✕ ✍ ✞ ✞ ✎ ✏ ❛ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✓ r ❛ ✌ ✗ ✍ ✕ ♦ ✘ ★ ✞ ✎ ✏
♦ ❛ ✑ ✥ ✌ ✞ ✕ ☛ ✏ ✍ ✘ ★ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✘ r q ✕ ✏ ✍ ✱ ✌ ✳ ✏ ✳ ✱ ✴ ✜ ✴
❏
✛ ✴
❑
✛ ✳ ✳ ✳ ✳ ✳
▲
✏ ✱ ✞ ✎ ✏ r ✏ ★ ✘ r ✏ ✱ ✎ ❛ ✖ ✏
▼ ▼◆ ◗ ❙❯
✬ ✪ ✳
❱
✫ ✭
❚ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✰ ❢ r ✏ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✘ ✥ ✑ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✘ r ✻ ☛ ✘ ✥ ✏ ✓ t ✞ ✎ ✏
✞ ✘ ✞ ❛ ✒ ✬ ✏ ✰ ✞ ✏ r ✥ ❛ ✒ ✭ ✞ ✘ r q ✕ ✏
✲
✔ ✎ ✌ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✗ ✞ ✍ ✘ ✥ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✘ ☛ t
r ✘ ✞ ❛ ✞ ✌ ✥ ✑ ❛ ✓ ✘ ✕ ✞ ❛ ★ ✌ ✰ ✏ ☛ ❛ ✰ ✌ ✍ ✳ ■ ✞ ✍ ✍ ✌ ♦ ✌ ✒ ❛ r ✌ ✞ t ✔ ✌ ✞ ✎
✞ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✘ r r ✏ ✍ ❢ ✘ ✥ ☛ ✌ ✥ ✑ ✏ ✰ ❢ r ✏ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✘ ✥
☛ ❲ ✹ ✷ ☛ s
★ ✘ r ✒ ✌ ✥ ✏ ❛ r ✬ ✞ r ❛ ✥ ✍ ✒ ❛ ✞ ✌ ✘ ✥ ❛ ✒ ✭ ♦ ✘ ✞ ✌ ✘ ✥ ✌ ✍ ✘ ✓ ✖ ✌ ✘ ✕ ✍ ✳
❉ ✌ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✌ ✥ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✞ ✎ ✍ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✍ ✘ ★
❳
q ✳ ✬ ✪ ✳
❱
✫ ✭ ✓ t ☛
❨
✑ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✍
❞ ❞
❞ ❞
❅
❩
❬ ❬
❇
❆ ❆ ❭❈ ❈ ❈
✘ r
❩ ❆ ❭❈
✬ ✪ ✳
❱
❪ ✭
❚ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✞ ❛ ✥ ✞ ❛ ✥ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✍ ❢ ✘ ✔ ✏ r ✳ ❫ ✘ ♦ ❢ ❛ r ✏
✞ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✰ ❢ r ✏ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✘ ✥ ★ ✘ r ❢ ✘ ✔ ✏ r ✌ ✥ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✗ ❛ ✍ ✏ ✘ ★
r ✘ ✞ ❛ ✞ ✌ ✘ ✥ ❛ ✒ ♦ ✘ ✞ ✌ ✘ ✥ ❛ ✓ ✘ ✕ ✞ ❛ ★ ✌ ✰ ✏ ☛ ❛ ✰ ✌ ✍ ✔ ✌ ✞ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✏
✏ ✰ ❢ r ✏ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✘ ✥ ★ ✘ r ❢ ✘ ✔ ✏ r ✌ ✥ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✗ ❛ ✍ ✏ ✘ ★ ✒ ✌ ✥ ✏ ❛ r ♦ ✘ ✞ ✌ ✘ ✥ ✱
❴ ✹ ✷ ❵
■ ✥ ❛ ❢ ✏ r ★ ✏ ✗ ✞ ✒ t r ✌ ✑ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✘ ☛ t ✞ ✎ ✏ r ✏ ✌ ✍ ✥ ✘ ✌ ✥ ✞ ✏ r ✥ ❛ ✒
♦ ✘ ✞ ✌ ✘ ✥ ✳ ❚ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✘ r ✻ ☛ ✘ ✥ ✏ ✓ t ✏ ✰ ✞ ✏ r ✥ ❛ ✒ ✞ ✘ r q ✕ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✍
✞ ✎ ✏ r ✏ ★ ✘ r ✏ ✱ ✥ ✘ ✞ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✌ ❢ ❛ ✞ ✏ ☛ ❛ ✥ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✏ ✍ ✘ ✥ ✞ ✘ ✌ ✥ ✗ r ✏ ❛ ✍ ✏
✞ ✎ ✏ ✻ ✌ ✥ ✏ ✞ ✌ ✗ ✏ ✥ ✏ r ✑ t ✘ ★ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✘ ☛ t ✳ ❚ ✎ ✏ r ❛ ✞ ✏ ❛ ✞ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✗ ✎
✔ ✘ r ✻ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✘ ✥ ✏ ✘ ✥ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✘ ☛ t ✌ ✍ ✑ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✥ ✓ t
❳
q ✳ ✬ ✪ ✳
❱
❪ ✭ ✳
❚ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✏ q ✕ ❛ ✞ ✏ ☛ ✞ ✘ ✞ ✎ ✏ r ❛ ✞ ✏ ❛ ✞ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✗ ✎ ✻ ✌ ✥ ✏ ✞ ✌ ✗
✏ ✥ ✏ r ✑ t ✌ ✥ ✗ r ✏ ❛ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✳ ❚ ✎ ✏ r ❛ ✞ ✏ ✘ ★ ✌ ✥ ✗ r ✏ ❛ ✍ ✏ ✘ ★ ✻ ✌ ✥ ✏ ✞ ✌ ✗
✏ ✥ ✏ r ✑ t ✌ ✍
❁
❞ ❂
❜
❄ ❞
❞
❜ ❜
❞
❝
❝
❬ ❬
❭ ❭ ❭
❡ ❣
❈
❤ ✐
❥ ❦
▲
✏ ❛ ✍ ✍ ✕ ♦ ✏ ✞ ✎ ❛ ✞ ✞ ✎ ✏ ♦ ✘ ♦ ✏ ✥ ✞ ✘ ★ ✌ ✥ ✏ r ✞ ✌ ❛ ☛ ✘ ✏ ✍
✥ ✘ ✞ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✥ ✑ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✞ ✎ ✞ ✌ ♦ ✏ ✳ ❚ ✎ ✌ ✍ ♦ ✏ ❛ ✥ ✍ ✞ ✎ ❛ ✞ ✞ ✎ ✏ ♦ ❛ ✍ ✍
✘ ★ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✘ ☛ t ☛ ✘ ✏ ✍ ✥ ✘ ✞ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✥ ✑ ✏ ✱ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✘ ☛ t r ✏ ♦ ❛ ✌ ✥ ✍
r ✌ ✑ ✌ ☛ ❛ ✥ ☛ ❛ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✞ ✎ ✏ ❛ ✰ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✘ ✏ ✍ ✥ ✘ ✞ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✥ ✑ ✏ ✌ ✞ ✍
❢ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✘ ✥ ✔ ✌ ✞ ✎ r ✏ ✍ ❢ ✏ ✗ ✞ ✞ ✘ ✞ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✘ ☛ t ✳
✯ ✌ ✥ ✗ ✏
❧ ♠ ❧ ♥ ♣✉ ✈✇
✔ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✞
❁
❞
❞
❜
❝
❝
❬
❭
❭ ①
❡ ❣
❈
❤ ✐
❥ ❦
❳
q ✕ ❛ ✞ ✌ ✥ ✑ r ❛ ✞ ✏ ✍ ✘ ★ ✔ ✘ r ✻ ☛ ✘ ✥ ✏ ❛ ✥ ☛ ✘ ★ ✌ ✥ ✗ r ✏ ❛ ✍ ✏
✌ ✥ ✻ ✌ ✥ ✏ ✞ ✌ ✗ ✏ ✥ ✏ r ✑ t ✱
②③
✈ ✈ ✉✇
④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ⑤ ❻ ❼ ❽ ❸ ❾ ❸ ❿ ④ ❻ ⑤ ❾❽ ⑦⑤ ➀ ❼ ❸ ❾ ⑤ ⑦ ⑤ ❾➁ ➂ ❸ ➀ ⑤ ➀ ❼ ❸ ❾ ⑤ ⑦ ➃ ❸ ➀ ❼ ❸ ❾
➄ ➅ ➆ ➇ ➈ ➉ ➊ ➋ ➌ ➅ ➋ ➆ ➍ ➋ ➌ ➈ ➌ ➅ ➋ ➆ ➈ ➎ ➊ ➋ ➌ ➅ ➋ ➆ ➈ ➏ ➋ ➐ ➌ ➈ ❋ ➅ ➑ ➇ ➒ ➓ ➑ ➅ ➔
✫ ❉ ✌ ✍ ❢ ✒ ❛ ✗ ✏ ♦ ✏ ✥ ✞
→ ➣
✥ ✑ ✕ ✒ ❛ r ☛ ✌ ✍ ❢ ✒ ❛ ✗ ✏ ♦ ✏ ✥ ✞ ✺
❪
↔
✏ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✌ ✞ t ❵ ✜ ☛
→ ↕
☛
❨ ➣
✥ ✑ ✕ ✒ ❛ r ✖ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✌ ✞ t
➙
✜ ☛ ✺
↕
☛
❨
➛
➣
✗ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✏ r ❛ ✞ ✌ ✘ ✥ ➜ ✜ ☛ ❵
↕
☛
❨ ➣
✥ ✑ ✕ ✒ ❛ r ❛ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✏ r ❛ ✞ ✌ ✘ ✥ ➝ ✜ ☛
➙
➞ ☛
❨
❱ ➟
❛ ✍ ✍
➠ ➟
✘ ♦ ✏ ✥ ✞ ✘ ★ ✌ ✥ ✏ r ✞ ✌ ❛
➡
➢
✩ ✘ r ✗ ✏ ✷ ✜
➠
➜ ❚ ✘ r q ✕ ✏ ✴ ✜
➡
➝
➤
▲
✘ r ✻ ➥ ❲ ✜ ✷ ☛ s
▲
✘ r ✻ ❲ ✜ ✴ ➥ ✺
✪
➧
✌ ✥ ✏ ✞ ✌ ✗ ✏ ✥ ✏ r ✑ t
➨
✜
➠
❵
✽
↕
❪
➧
✌ ✥ ✏ ✞ ✌ ✗ ✏ ✥ ✏ r ✑ t
➨
✜
➡ ➙
✽
↕
❪
➩
✟ ✘ ✔ ✏ r ❴ ✜ ✷ ❵ ✟ ✘ ✔ ✏ r ❴ ✜ ✴
➙
✢
➫
✌ ✥ ✏ ❛ r ♦ ✘ ♦ ✏ ✥ ✞ ✕ ♦
➭
✜
➠
❵
➣
✥ ✑ ✕ ✒ ❛ r ♦ ✘ ♦ ✏ ✥ ✞ ✕ ♦
➯
✜
➡ ➙
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✼ ✶
✌
■✍ ✎❂
✭ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔
❊ ✕ ✑ ✭ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✘ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣✤ ✥ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✗ ✤ ★ ✢ ✦ ✩ ✙ ✚ ✥
❢ ✢ ✛ ✙ ✖ ✦ ✤ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✢ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✤ ✪ ✫ ✛ ✤ ✗ ✗ ✤ ✩ ✗ ❡ ✘ ✬ ✢ ✙ ✖ ★ ✚ ✙ ✙ ❡ ✚ ✗
❋ ✮ ✯ ✰
❏ ✱ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✗ ❢ ✢ ✛ ★ ✤ ✫ ✛ ✢ ✩ ✱ ★ ✤ ✗ ✚ ★ ★ ✤ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦ ♦ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✕ ✱ ✤
✫ ✛ ✢ ✩ ✱ ★ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✦ ✲ ✱ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ★ ★ ✤ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✖ ✦ ✚ ✬ ✢ ✩ ❡ ✑ ✳ ✴ ✤
✚ ✦ ✲ ✱ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ★ ★ ✤ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✖ ✗ ✩ ✖ ✛ ✤ ★ ✜ ✙ ❡ ✫ ✛ ✢ ✫ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✢
✜ ✴ ✤ ✚ ✫ ✫ ✙ ✖ ✤ ✩ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✕ ✱ ✤ ✚ ✦ ✩ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✦ q ✤ ✛ ✗ ✤ ✙ ❡ ✫ ✛ ✢ ✫ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✚ ✙
✜ ✢ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✘ ✢ ✘ ✤ ✦ ✜ ✢ ❢ ✖ ✦ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✢ ❢ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✬ ✢ ✩ ❡ ✑ ❊ ✕ ✑ ✭ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔
★ ✚ ✦ ✬ ✤ ★ ✚ ✙ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✗ ✤ ★ ✢ ✦ ✩ ✙ ✚ ✥ ❢ ✢ ✛ ✛ ✢ ✜ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦
✚ ✬ ✢ ✱ ✜ ✚ ❢ ✖ ✪ ✤ ✩ ✚ ✪ ✖ ✗ ✑
✵ ✷ ✸ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✽ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❃
★ ✢ ✛ ✩ ✢ ❢ ✦ ✤ ✲ ✙ ✖ ✲ ✖ ✬ ✙ ✤ ✘ ✚ ✗ ✗
✖ ✗ ✥ ✢ ✱ ✦ ✩ ✛ ✢ ✱ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✛ ✖ ✘ ✢ ❢ ✚ ❢ ✙ ❡ ✥ ✴ ✤ ✤ ✙ ✢ ❢
✘ ✚ ✗ ✗ ♠ ❄ ❅ ✲ ✚ ✦ ✩ ✛ ✚ ✩ ✖ ✱ ✗ ♠ ❄ ★ ✘ ✑
❃
✗ ✜ ✤ ✚ ✩ ❡
✫ ✱ ✙ ✙ ✢ ❢ ♠ ♣ ✣ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✫ ✫ ✙ ✖ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✴ ✤ ★ ✢ ✛ ✩ ✚ ✗ ✗ ✴ ✢ ✥ ✦
✖ ✦ ✐ ✖ ✲ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✓ ♣ ✑ ✳ ✴ ✤ ❢ ✙ ❡ ✥ ✴ ✤ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✢ ✱ ✦ ✜ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✦ ✚
✴ ✢ ✛ ✖ ❤ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✪ ✙ ✤ ✥ ✖ ✜ ✴ ❢ ✛ ✖ ★ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✗ ✬ ✤ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✦ ✲ ✗ ✑
✭ ✚ ✔
❈
✢ ✘ ✫ ✱ ✜ ✤ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✚ ✦ ✲ ✱ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ★ ★ ✤ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✢ ❢
✜ ✴ ✤ ✥ ✴ ✤ ✤ ✙ ✑
✭ ✬ ✔ ✐ ✖ ✦ ✩ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✥ ✢ ✛ ❅ ✩ ✢ ✦ ✤ ✬ ❡ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✫ ✱ ✙ ✙ ♦ ✥ ✴ ✤ ✦
♠ ✘ ✢ ❢ ✜ ✴ ✤ ★ ✢ ✛ ✩ ✖ ✗ ✱ ✦ ✥ ✢ ✱ ✦ ✩ ✑
✭ ★ ✔ ✐ ✖ ✦ ✩ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✜ ✴ ✤ ❅ ✖ ✦ ✤ ✜ ✖ ★ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✛ ✲ ❡ ✢ ❢ ✜ ✴ ✤
✥ ✴ ✤ ✤ ✙ ✚ ✜ ✜ ✴ ✖ ✗ ✫ ✢ ✖ ✦ ✜ ✑
❃
✗ ✗ ✱ ✘ ✤ ✜ ✴ ✚ ✜ ✜ ✴ ✤
✥ ✴ ✤ ✤ ✙ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✗ ❢ ✛ ✢ ✘ ✛ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✑
✭ ✩ ✔
❈
✢ ✘ ✫ ✚ ✛ ✤ ✚ ✦ ✗ ✥ ✤ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✢ ✫ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✭ ✬ ✔ ✚ ✦ ✩ ✭ ★ ✔ ✑
❆ ❇ ❉ ● ✽ ❍
❑ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖◆P ◗
✭ ✚ ✔ ❲ ✤ ✱ ✗ ✤ ❘ ❯ ✮ ❱
✜ ✴ ✤ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✕ ✱ ✤ ❱ ✮ ❋
❳
❨ ♠ ♣ × ❄ ✑ ♠ ❄ ✣✘ ✭ ✚ ✗
❳
❨ ❄ ✑ ♠ ❄ ✘ ✔
❨ ♣ ✑ ❄ ✣✘
❘ ❨
❩
✑
❬
✑ ✢ ❢ ❢ ✙ ❡ ✥ ✴ ✤ ✤ ✙ ✚ ✬ ✢ ✱ ✜ ✖ ✜ ✗ ✚ ✪ ✖ ✗
❭
❪
❫ ❴
❵
❨
❭
❪ ❛ ❜ ❛ ❝ ❛ ❜ ❪ ❞
❪
❣
❨ ❄ ✑ ✒ ❅ ✲ ✘
❥
❦
❨ ✚ ✦ ✲ ✱ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ★ ★ ✤ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦
❨ ♣ ✑ ❄ ✣ ✘
❧
❄ ✑ ✒ ❅ ✲ ✘
❥
❨
♥
♠ ✑ ✓ ♣ ✗
➊
❥
✭ ✬ ✔ ❲ ✢ ✛ ❅ ✩ ✢ ✦ ✤ ✬ ❡ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✫ ✱ ✙ ✙ ✱ ✦ ✥ ✖ ✦ ✩ ✖ ✦ ✲ ♠ ✘ ✢ ❢ ✜ ✴ ✤
★ ✢ ✛ ✩
❨ ♠ ♣ ✣ × ♠ ✘ ❨ ♣ ❄ ❏
✭ ★ ✔
r
✤ ✜
s
✬ ✤ ✜ ✴ ✤ ❢ ✖ ✦ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✦ ✲ ✱ ✙ ✚ ✛ q ✤ ✙ ✢ ★ ✖ ✜ ❡ ✑ ✳ ✴ ✤
❅ ✖ ✦ ✤ ✜ ✖ ★ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✛ ✲ ❡ ✲ ✚ ✖ ✦ ✤ ✩ ❨
t
✉
✈
✇ ①
♦
✗ ✖ ✦ ★ ✤ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✥ ✴ ✤ ✤ ✙ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✗ ❢ ✛ ✢ ✘ ✛ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✑ ✣ ✢ ✥ ♦
② ②
③ ③
④ ⑤ ⑥⑦ ⑦ ⑧⑨ ⑦⑩ ❶ ⑩
✳ ✴ ✤ ✚ ✦ ✲ ✱ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✩ ✖ ✗ ✫ ✙ ✚ ★ ✤ ✘ ✤ ✦ ✜ ❷ ❨ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✲ ✜ ✴ ✢ ❢
✱ ✦ ✥ ✢ ✱ ✦ ✩ ✗ ✜ ✛ ✖ ✦ ✲
❧
✛ ✚ ✩ ✖ ✱ ✗ ✢ ❢ ✥ ✴ ✤ ✤ ✙
❨ ♠ ✘
❧
❄ ✑ ♠ ✘ ❨
♥
❄ ✛ ✚ ✩
② ②
④ ❸ ④ ❹ ❺ ❸ ⑥ ❹ ⑥ ④ ❺ ⑥ ❻ ❼ ❽❾ ❿ ➀ ➁⑦ ⑩ ➂ ➂ ⑩
J
➃
➄ ➄ ➅ ➆ ➇ ➈ ➉ ➋ ➌ ➄ ➍ ➎ ➏ ➌ ➏ ➌
➎
➐ ➑➒ ❂ ➓ ➓ ❂
✭ ✩ ✔ ✳ ✴ ✤ ✚ ✦ ✗ ✥ ✤ ✛ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✤ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✘ ✤ ♦ ✖ ✑ ✤ ✑ ✜ ✴ ✤ ❅ ✖ ✦ ✤ ✜ ✖ ★
✤ ✦ ✤ ✛ ✲ ❡ ✲ ✚ ✖ ✦ ✤ ✩ ✬ ❡ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✥ ✴ ✤ ✤ ✙ ❨ ✥ ✢ ✛ ❅ ✩ ✢ ✦ ✤
✬ ❡ ✜ ✴ ✤ ❢ ✢ ✛ ★ ✤ ✑ ✳ ✴ ✤ ✛ ✤ ✖ ✗ ✦ ✢ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✗ ✢ ❢ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✛ ✲ ❡ ✩ ✱ ✤
✜ ✢ ❢ ✛ ✖ ★ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✑
➔
→ ➣ ↔ ↕ ➙ ➛ ➜ ➝ ➞ ➙ ➟ ➠ ➡ ➠ ➢ ➛ ➤ ➝➠ ➥ ➛ ➦ ➙ ➧ ➢ ➡ ➨
➟ ➡ ➤ ➙ ➤ ➥ ➡ ➛ ➙ ➩ ➡ ➝➤ ➙ ➨ ➥ ➫ ➢ ➭ ➙ ➫ ➥ ➧
❲ ✤ ✴ ✚ q ✤ ✗ ✜ ✱ ✩ ✖ ✤ ✩ ✖ ✦ ✗ ✤ ★ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✏ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✚ ✦ ✲ ✱ ✙ ✚ ✛
✘ ✢ ✘ ✤ ✦ ✜ ✱ ✘ ✢ ❢ ✚ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✘ ✢ ❢ ✫ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✖ ★ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✑ ❲ ✤ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✤ ✚ ✩ ❡
❅ ✦ ✢ ✥ ❢ ✛ ✢ ✘ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✛ ✤ ✜ ✴ ✚ ✜ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✜ ✖ ✘ ✤ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✤ ✢ ❢ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✚ ✙
✚ ✦ ✲ ✱ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✢ ✘ ✤ ✦ ✜ ✱ ✘ ✢ ❢ ✚ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✘ ✢ ❢ ✫ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✖ ★ ✙ ✤ ✗
✚ ✬ ✢ ✱ ✜ ✚ ✫ ✢ ✖ ✦ ✜ ✖ ✗ ✤ ✕ ✱ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✚ ✙ ✤ ✪ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✦ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✕ ✱ ✤
✢ ✦ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✘ ✜ ✚ ❅ ✤ ✦ ✚ ✬ ✢ ✱ ✜ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✗ ✚ ✘ ✤ ✫ ✢ ✖ ✦ ✜ ✑
❲ ✴ ✤ ✦ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✚ ✙ ✤ ✪ ✜ ✤ ✛ ✦ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✕ ✱ ✤ ✖ ✗ ❤ ✤ ✛ ✢ ♦ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✚ ✙
✚ ✦ ✲ ✱ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✢ ✘ ✤ ✦ ✜ ✱ ✘ ✢ ❢ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✘ ✖ ✗ ★ ✢ ✦ ✗ ✤ ✛ q ✤ ✩ ✑
❲ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✥ ✥ ✖ ✗ ✴ ✜ ✢ ✗ ✜ ✱ ✩ ❡ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✚ ✦ ✲ ✱ ✙ ✚ ✛
✘ ✢ ✘ ✤ ✦ ✜ ✱ ✘ ✖ ✦ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✗ ✫ ✤ ★ ✖ ✚ ✙ ★ ✚ ✗ ✤ ✢ ❢ ✛ ✢ ✜ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✚ ✬ ✢ ✱ ✜
✚ ❢ ✖ ✪ ✤ ✩ ✚ ✪ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✳ ✴ ✤ ✲ ✤ ✦ ✤ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✤ ✪ ✫ ✛ ✤ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✢ ✦ ❢ ✢ ✛ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✚ ✙
✚ ✦ ✲ ✱ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✢ ✘ ✤ ✦ ✜ ✱ ✘ ✢ ❢ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✘ ✖ ✗
➯
➲
➳ ➳
➳ ➵
➸ ➺
➻
➼ ➽ ➾
✭ ✏ ✑ ♠ ♣ ✬ ✔
❲ ✤ ❢ ✖ ✛ ✗ ✜ ★ ✢ ✦ ✗ ✖ ✩ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✚ ✦ ✲ ✱ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✘ ✢ ✘ ✤ ✦ ✜ ✱ ✘ ✢ ❢
✚ ✜ ❡ ✫ ✖ ★ ✚ ✙ ✫ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✖ ★ ✙ ✤ ✢ ❢ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✛ ✢ ✜ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✦ ✲ ✛ ✖ ✲ ✖ ✩ ✬ ✢ ✩ ❡ ✑ ❲ ✤
✜ ✴ ✤ ✦ ✗ ✱ ✘ ✱ ✫ ✜ ✴ ✤ ★ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✛ ✖ ✬ ✱ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦ ✗ ✢ ❢ ✖ ✦ ✩ ✖ q ✖ ✩ ✱ ✚ ✙
✫ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✖ ★ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✢ ✲ ✤ ✜ ➞ ✢ ❢ ✜ ✴ ✤ ✥ ✴ ✢ ✙ ✤ ✬ ✢ ✩ ❡ ✑
✐ ✢ ✛ ✚ ✜ ❡ ✫ ✖ ★ ✚ ✙ ✫ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✖ ★ ✙ ✤
➚
❨
➪ ➶ ➹
✑
❃
✗ ✗ ✤ ✤ ✦ ✖ ✦
✜ ✴ ✤ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✤ ★ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✦
➪
❨ ➡
➘
❨ ➡ ➦
➴
➦
➘ ➷
✐ ✖ ✲ ✑ ✏ ✑
♥
✏ ✭ ✬ ✔
➬
✑
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❲ ✐ ✞ ✟ ♣ ✥ ✠ ✈ ✡
✭
✮
✭
✮
♠ ♠❂ ☛ ✰ ☛❧ ☞ ❈ ✌ ❈ ✍ ✌
❚
✟
✎
✠
✏ ✑ ✒
✐ ✞
✓ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✖
✞ ✟
✎ ✗
✐
✒ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✕ ✚
✐ ✞
✛
✈
✕ ✖
✞ ✟
✎
✜
✏ ✘
✞ ✐
✚ ✗ ✎ ✏
✞ ✢ ✐ ✣
✑
✐
✙ ✎ ✒
✤
✛
✦ ✥ ✧ r
★
✩ ✟
✎ ✘ ✎
r
★
✐ ✣ ✞ ✟
✎
✗ ✎ ✒ ✑
✞ ✟
✕ ✖
✪✢
✕ ✘
✞ ✟
✎
✜
✎ ✘
✜
✎ ✒ ✔
✐
✚ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✘ ✔
✐ ✣ ✞
✏ ✒ ✚ ✎ ✕ ✖
✢
✖ ✘ ✕
✠ ✞ ✟
✎ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✕ ✖ ✘ ✕
✞
✏
✞ ✐
✕ ✒ ✫ ✬ ✓ ✘
✞ ✟
✎ ✘
✡ ✈ ✐ ✣ ✞
✏ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✒
✞ ✐
✏ ✗
✏
✞ ✢ ✞
✕
✞ ✟
✎ ✚
✐
✘ ✚ ✗ ✎
✩ ✟ ✐
✚
✟ ✞ ✟
✎
✜
✏ ✘
✞ ✐
✚ ✗ ✎ ✔ ✎
✣
✚ ✘
✐ ✤
✎
✣
✫
❯ ✣ ✐
✒ ✑
✞ ✟
✎ ✘
✐
✑
✟ ✞ ✯ ✟
✏ ✒ ✔ ✘ ✓ ✗ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✚ ✏ ✒ ✚
✟
✎ ✚
✱ ✞ ✟
✏
✞
✲✳ ✴ ✈ ✐ ✣ ✜
✏ ✘ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✎ ✗
✞
✕
✞ ✟
✎ ✖
✐
♦ ✎ ✔ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✫ ❚
✟
✎ ✓ ✒
✐ ✞
✙ ✎ ✚
✞
✕ ✘ ✏ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✑
✞ ✟
✎ ✖
✐
♦ ✎ ✔ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✵ ✚
✟
✕
✣
✎ ✒ ✏
✣ ✞ ✟
✎ ③
✯
✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✷
✐ ✣
µ
❦
✫ ✸ ✎ ✒ ✚ ✎
✹
✺
µ
♠
✻
♠
✼
✽
☛ ❂❈ ✍ ✌
✾
✥
µ
✿
❀ ❁ ❃
❄
❅
✵
✣ ✐
✒ ✚ ✎ ❆ ❇ ❁
❄
❉ ✷
❙
✐ ✠ ✐
✗ ✏ ✘ ✗ ✛
✡ ✩
✎ ✚ ✏ ✒ ✚
✟
✎ ✚
✱ ✞ ✟
✏
✞
❖
✲ ✴ ✈ ✐ ✣
✜
✎ ✘
✜
✎ ✒ ✔
✐
✚ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✘
✞
✕
✞ ✟
✎ ✖
✐
♦ ✎ ✔ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✫ ❊ ✎
✞
✓
✣
✔ ✎ ✒ ✕
✞
✎
✞ ✟
✎
✜
✏ ✘
✞
✕ ✖ ❋ ✏ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✑
✞ ✟
✎ ✖
✐
♦ ✎ ✔ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✵
✐
✫ ✎ ✫
✞ ✟
✎ ③
✯
✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✷
✤
✛ ❋
●
✡ ✞ ✟
✎ ✒
❍
❀❉ ■❏ ❑ ▲ ▼
✥
µ
◆
◗ ❘ ❱
❳
❨
✏ ✒ ✔
❩
❀❉
❬
■❏ ❏
❭
❑ ▼
❲
✎ ✒ ✕
✞
✎
✞ ✟
✏
✞
❋
●
✐ ✣ ✜
✏ ✘ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✎ ✗
✞
✕
✞ ✟
✎ ✖
✐
♦ ✎ ✔ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣ ✡
✤
✓
✞
❋
✐ ✣
✒ ✕
✞
✫ ❪ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✗
✡
✖ ✕ ✘ ✏
✜
✏ ✘
✞ ✐
✚ ✗ ✎
✡ ✞ ✟
✎ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✘
✠
✕
✠
✎ ✒
✞
✓
✠
❋
✐ ✣
✒ ✕
✞
✏ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✑
✞ ✟
✎ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✕ ✖ ✘ ✕
✞
✏
✞ ✐
✕ ✒
✡
✐
✫ ✎ ✫ ✖ ✕ ✘ ✏
✜
✏ ✘
✞ ✐
✚ ✗ ✎
✡
❋ ✏ ✒ ✔
❫
✏ ✘ ✎ ✒ ✕
✞
✒ ✎ ✚ ✎
✣ ✣
✏ ✘
✐
✗ ✛
✜
✏ ✘ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✫
✪
✕
✠ ✜
✏ ✘ ✎
✞ ✟ ✐ ✣ ✩ ✐ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✟
✎ ✚ ✕ ✘ ✘ ✎
✣ ✜
✕ ✒ ✔
✐
✒ ✑
✖ ✏ ✚
✞ ✐
✒
✞
✘ ✏ ✒
✣
✗ ✏
✞ ✐
✕ ✒ ✫ ✬ ✕ ✘ ✏
✜
✏ ✘
✞ ✐
✚ ✗ ✎
✡ ♣
✏ ✒ ✔
✈
✏ ✘ ✎
✏ ✗
✩
✏ ✛
✣ ✜
✏ ✘ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✎ ✗
✞
✕ ✎ ✏ ✚
✟
✕
✞ ✟
✎ ✘ ✫
✬ ✕ ✘ ✚ ✕
✠ ✜
✓
✞ ✐
✒ ✑
✞ ✟
✎
✞
✕
✞
✏ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✘
✠
✕
✠
✎ ✒
✞
✓
✠
✕ ✖
✞ ✟
✎
✩ ✟
✕ ✗ ✎ ✘
✐
✑
✐
✔
✤
✕ ✔ ✛
✡ ✩
✎ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✓
✜ ✞ ✟
✎
✚ ✕ ✒
✞
✘
✐ ✤
✓
✞ ✐
✕ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✚
✟ ✜
✏ ✘
✞ ✐
✚ ✗ ✎ ✕ ✖
✞ ✟
✎
✤
✕ ✔ ✛ ✫
❚
✟
✓
✣
❴ ❴ ❵ ❴ ❴
❴
❛ ❜❝ ❝ ❞ ×
❡ ❡ ❡
❢ ❣ ❤ ❥ ♥
❲
✎ ✔ ✎ ✒ ✕
✞
✎
✤
✛
❄
q ✏ ✒ ✔
❩
q
✞ ✟
✎ ✚ ✕
✠ ✜
✕ ✒ ✎ ✒
✞ ✣
✕ ✖
s
✘ ✎
✣ ✜
✎ ✚
✞ ✐
✙ ✎ ✗ ✛
✜
✎ ✘
✜
✎ ✒ ✔
✐
✚ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✘
✞
✕
✞ ✟
✎ ③
✯
✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✏ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✑
✞ ✟
✎ ③
✯
✏ ♦
✐ ✣
t
✉ ✉ ✉
❀
❄
❉ ■
✇
q
❭
❑ ▼ ✵
①
✫
② ②
✏ ✷
✩ ✟
✎ ✘ ✎
④
⑤
✏ ✒ ✔
✈
⑥
✏ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✎
✣ ✜
✎ ✚
✞ ✐
✙ ✎ ✗ ✛
✞ ✟
✎
✠
✏
✣ ✣
✏ ✒ ✔
✞ ✟
✎ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✕ ✚
✐ ✞
✛ ✕ ✖
✞ ✟
✎
⑦
⑧ ⑨
✜
✏ ✘
✞ ✐
✚ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✔
✪
⑥
✐ ✣ ✞ ✟
✎ ✚ ✎ ✒
✞
✘ ✎
✕ ✖
✞ ✟
✎ ✚
✐
✘ ✚ ✗ ✎ ✔ ✎
✣
✚ ✘
✐ ✤
✎ ✔
✤
✛
✞ ✟
✎
✜
✏ ✘
✞ ✐
✚ ✗ ✎ t
✏ ✒ ✔
µ
⑩
❶ ❷ ❶ ❷ ❷
❷
❸ ❹ ❺
❻ ❼
❽ ❽
❾ ❿
➀ ➁
➂ ➂
➃ ➄ ➅
✕ ✘
µ
➆
➇ ➈
❂
➉ ✾
✵
①
✫
② ② ✤
✷
❚
✟
✎ ✗ ✏
✣ ✞ ✣ ✞
✎
✜
✖ ✕ ✗ ✗ ✕
✩ ✣ ✣ ✐
✒ ✚ ✎
✞ ✟
✎
✜
✎ ✘
✜
✎ ✒ ✔
✐
✚ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✘
✔
✐ ✣ ✞
✏ ✒ ✚ ✎ ✕ ✖
✞ ✟
✎
⑦
⑧ ⑨
✜
✏ ✘
✞ ✐
✚ ✗ ✎ ✖ ✘ ✕
✠ ✞ ✟
✎ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣ ✐ ✣ r
⑥
t
✏ ✒ ✔
✤
✛ ✔ ✎ ✖
✐
✒
✐ ✞ ✐
✕ ✒
✞ ✟
✎
✠
✕
✠
✎ ✒
✞
✕ ✖
✐
✒ ✎ ✘
✞ ✐
✏ ✕ ✖
✞ ✟
✎
✤
✕ ✔ ✛ ✏
✤
✕ ✓
✞ ✞ ✟
✎ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✕ ✖ ✘ ✕
✞
✏
✞ ✐
✕ ✒
✐ ✣
✿
✉ ✉
➊ ❀ ❁❉
✇
✫
➋✕
✞
✎
❩
❄
❉
❬
q q q ✵
①
✫
② ②
✚ ✷
❚
✟
✎ ✘
✐
✑
✐
✔
✤
✕ ✔
✐
✎
✣ ✩ ✟ ✐
✚
✟ ✩
✎
✟
✏ ✙ ✎
✠
✏
✐
✒ ✗ ✛
✚ ✕ ✒
✣ ✐
✔ ✎ ✘ ✎ ✔
✐
✒
✞ ✟ ✐ ✣
✚
✟
✏
✜ ✞
✎ ✘ ✏ ✘ ✎
✣
✛
✠ ✠
✎
✞
✘
✐
✚ ✏
✤
✕ ✓
✞
✞ ✟
✎ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✕ ✖ ✘ ✕
✞
✏
✞ ✐
✕ ✒
✡ ✐
✫ ✎ ✫
✞ ✟
✎ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✕ ✖ ✘ ✕
✞
✏
✞ ✐
✕ ✒
✐ ✣
✕ ✒ ✎ ✕ ✖
✞ ✟
✎
✐
✘
✣
✛
✠ ✠
✎
✞
✘ ✛ ✏ ♦ ✎
✣
✫ ✬ ✕ ✘
✣
✓ ✚
✟ ✤
✕ ✔
✐
✎
✣ ✡
✖ ✕ ✘ ✏ ✑
✐
✙ ✎ ✒ ❖
✲
⑤
✡
✖ ✕ ✘ ✎ ✙ ✎ ✘ ✛
✜
✏ ✘
✞ ✐
✚ ✗ ✎
✩ ✟ ✐
✚
✟ ✟
✏
✣
✏
✙ ✎ ✗ ✕ ✚
✐ ✞
✛
✈
⑤
✡ ✞ ✟
✎ ✘ ✎
✐ ✣
✏ ✒ ✕
✞ ✟
✎ ✘
✜
✏ ✘
✞ ✐
✚ ✗ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✕ ✚
✐ ✞
✛
➌
✈
⑤
✗ ✕ ✚ ✏
✞
✎ ✔ ✔
✐
✏
✠
✎
✞
✘
✐
✚ ✏ ✗ ✗ ✛ ✕
✜ ✜
✕
✣ ✐ ✞
✎ ✕ ✒
✞ ✟
✎ ✚
✐
✘ ✚ ✗ ✎
✩ ✐ ✞ ✟
✚ ✎ ✒
✞
✘ ✎
✪
⑤
✔ ✎
✣
✚ ✘
✐ ✤
✎ ✔
✤
✛
✞ ✟
✎
✜
✏ ✘
✞ ✐
✚ ✗ ✎ ✫ ❚ ✕ ✑ ✎
✞ ✟
✎ ✘
✣
✓ ✚
✟ ✜
✏
✐
✘
✣ ✩ ✐
✗ ✗ ✚ ✕ ✒
✞
✘
✐ ✤
✓
✞
✎
➍
✎ ✘ ✕
✞
✕
❄
q ✏ ✒ ✔ ✏
✣
✏
✘ ✎
✣
✓ ✗
✞
✖ ✕ ✘
✣
✛
✠ ✠
✎
✞
✘
✐
✚
✤
✕ ✔
✐
✎
✣
❄
q
✐ ✣ ➍
✎ ✘ ✕
✡
✏ ✒ ✔
✟
✎ ✒ ✚ ✎
µ
➆
➇ ➈
❂ ❂
➉ ➉ ✾
✵
①
✫
② ②
✔ ✷
✬ ✕ ✘
✤
✕ ✔
✐
✎
✣ ✡ ✩ ✟ ✐
✚
✟
✏ ✘ ✎ ✒ ✕
✞ ✣
✛
✠ ✠
✎
✞
✘
✐
✚ ✏
✤
✕ ✓
✞
✞ ✟
✎ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✕ ✖ ✘ ✕
✞
✏
✞ ✐
✕ ✒
✡ ➎ ✐ ✣
✒ ✕
✞
✎
➏
✓ ✏ ✗
✞
✕
➎
●
✏ ✒ ✔
✟
✎ ✒ ✚ ✎
➎
✔ ✕ ✎
✣
✒ ✕
✞
✗
✐
✎ ✏ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✑
✞ ✟
✎ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✕ ✖ ✘ ✕
✞
✏
✞ ✐
✕ ✒ ✫
➐
✎ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✘
✐
✒ ✑
✞
✕
✞
✏
✤
✗ ✎
①
✫
➑ ✡
✚ ✏ ✒ ✛ ✕ ✓
✞
✎ ✗ ✗
✐
✒
✩ ✟ ✐
✚
✟
✚ ✏
✣
✎
✣ ➎ ✥ ➎
●
✩ ✐
✗ ✗ ✒ ✕
✞
✏
✜ ✜
✗ ✛
➒
❊ ✎
✞
✓
✣
✔
✐
✖ ✖ ✎ ✘ ✎ ✒
✞ ✐
✏
✞
✎
➓ ➏
✫ ✵
①
✫
② ② ✤
✷ ✫ ❙
✐
✒ ✚ ✎
µ
➔
✐ ✣
✏
✖
✐
♦ ✎ ✔ ✵ ✚ ✕ ✒
✣ ✞
✏ ✒
✞
✷ ✙ ✎ ✚
✞
✕ ✘
✡ ✩
✎ ✑ ✎
✞
→ ➣ → ➣
µ
↔ ↔
↔ ↔
↕
➙
➛ ➛
➜
➝ ➞
➟
➠ ➡
➢ ➤
➥ ➦
➋ ✕
✩ ✡ ➓ ➏
✫ ✵
①
✫ ➧ ➨
✤
✷
✣ ✞
✏
✞
✎
✣
➩
➩ ➫
❉
q
➭
✣ ✩
✎
✟
✏ ✙ ✎
✣
✎ ✎ ✒
✐
✒
✞ ✟
✎ ✗ ✏
✣ ✞ ✣
✎ ✚
✞ ✐
✕ ✒
✡
✕ ✒ ✗ ✛
✞ ✟
✕
✣
✎ ✚ ✕
✠ ✜
✕ ✒ ✎ ✒
✞ ✣
✕ ✖
✞ ✟
✎ ✎ ♦
✞
✎ ✘ ✒ ✏ ✗
✞
✕ ✘
➏
✓ ✎
✣ ✩ ✟ ✐
✚
✟
✏ ✘ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✑
✞ ✟
✎ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✕ ✖ ✘ ✕
✞
✏
✞ ✐
✕ ✒
✡
✒ ✎ ✎ ✔
✞
✕
✤
✎
✞
✏
✱
✎ ✒
✐
✒
✞
✕ ✏ ✚ ✚ ✕ ✓ ✒
✞ ✡ ✩ ✟
✎ ✒
✩
✎ ✔
✐ ✣
✚ ✓
✣ ✣
✘ ✕
✞
✏
✞ ✐
✕ ✒ ✏
✤
✕ ✓
✞
✏
✖
✐
♦ ✎ ✔ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣
✫ ❚
✟ ✐ ✣ ✠
✎ ✏ ✒
✣ ✩
✎ ✚ ✏ ✒
✞
✏
✱
✎
µ
➯ ❂
✾
✫
❙
✐
✒ ✚ ✎
❩
❄
➲ ➳
q q q ✏ ✒ ✔
✞ ✟
✎ ✔
✐
✘ ✎ ✚
✞ ✐
✕ ✒ ✕ ✖
➎
●
✵ ✙ ✎ ✚
✞
✕ ✘
µ
➔
✷
✐ ✣
✖
✐
♦ ✎ ✔
✡ ✐ ✞
✖ ✕ ✗ ✗ ✕
✩ ✣ ✞ ✟
✏
✞
✖ ✕ ✘ ✘ ✕
✞
✏
✞ ✐
✕ ✒ ✏
✤
✕ ✓
✞
✏
✖
✐
♦ ✎ ✔ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣ ✡
µ
➩
➩
❩
➫
➵ ➲
q
❅
✵
①
✫
② ➸
✏ ✷
✏ ✒ ✔
➩
➺
➩ ➫
❄
➲
q
✵
①
✫
② ➸ ✤
✷
❚
✟
✓
✣ ✡
✖ ✕ ✘ ✘ ✕
✞
✏
✞ ✐
✕ ✒ ✏
✤
✕ ✓
✞
✏ ✖
✐
♦ ✎ ✔ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣ ✡ ✞ ✟
✎
✚ ✕
✠ ✜
✕ ✒ ✎ ✒
✞
✕ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✘
✠
✕
✠
✎ ✒
✞
✓
✠
✜
✎ ✘
✜
✎ ✒ ✔
✐
✚ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✘
✞
✕
✞ ✟
✎ ✖
✐
♦ ✎ ✔ ✏ ♦
✐ ✣ ✐ ✣
✚ ✕ ✒
✣ ✞
✏ ✒
✞
✫ ➭
✣
µ
➻
➼ ❱➽➾ ❨
✡ ✩
✎ ✑ ✎
✞
✖ ✘ ✕
✠ ➓ ➏
✫ ✵
①
✫
② ➸
✏ ✷
✡
➚ ➪
➩
➩
➊
➫
❃
➵ ➲
✵
①
✫
② ➸
✚ ✷
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✼ ✸
■ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✕ ✍ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✙ ✎ ✖ ✓ ✚ ✏ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✎
✍ ✔ ✑ ✏ t
✭
✮
❞ ❞
❞ ❞
✜ ✜ ✜
✢ ✢
✣
✣
✤❂ ❂
✖ ✓ ✥ ✛ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✕ ✒ ✑ ♦ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✧ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✬ t
✜✯ ✤❂
★ ✩ ✧ ✪
✰
✬
❲
✏ ✎ ✖
❡
✏ ✖
✱
✕ ✏ ✖ ✥
✲
✥ ✏ ✕ ✔
❡
✏ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✘ ✏ ✦
✳
✖ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓
✳
✘ ✔ ✓ ✚
✍ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✒ ✕
✴ ✵ ✴
✔ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✔ ✙ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✕ ✚
✲
✕ ✒
✳
✍ ✏ ✧
✷ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✹ ✺ ✽✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❃❄ ❅ ❆❇ ✾ ✿ ✾ ❈ ❅ ✿ ❉ ❊ ❋ ❅ ❃ ● ✾ ● ❁ ✿ ❆ ❊ ●
❲
✏ ✖ ✕ ✏ ✓ ✒ ✛ ✔ ✓ ✖ ❍ ✒ ✘ ✔ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✒ ✕ ✏
❡
✔ ✘ ✔ ✍ ✍ ✎ ✏ ❍ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✙ ✔ ❍
✱
✏
✒ ✌ ✙ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✏ ✕
❡
✖ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✌ ✖ ✓ ✚
✳ ✱
✖ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✍
✳
✑ ✔ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✏
✙ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✏ ❝ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✖ ❏ ✒
✳
✍ ✖ ✌ ✔ ❝ ✏ ✥ ✖ ❝ ✔ ✘ ✧ ❑ ✕ ✒ ✑ ♦ ✦ ✧
★ ✩ ✧ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✬ t ✔ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✏ ❝ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✓ ✖
✱
✍ ✒ ✕ ✦
✳
✏ ✔ ✘ q ✏ ✕ ✒ t
▲
③
▼ ✗ ◆ ▼ ✙ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✍ ✖ ✓ ✍ ★ ✩ ✧ ✪ ❖ ✬
❑ ✒ ✕ ✘
✲
✑ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✕ ✔ ✙ ❏ ✒ ✥ ✔ ✏ ✘ t ✌ ✕ ✒ ✑ ♦ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✧ ✪ ✪ ✥ ✬ t ▲
P
✑ ✖
✲
❏ ✏ ✕ ✏ ❍
✱
✖ ✙ ✏ ✥ ❏
✲
▲ ◗ ★ ▲ ✖ ✓ ✥ ▲
P
✖ ✕ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✘ ❍ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✔
❡
✏
✱ ✲
✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✍
✳
✥ ✏ ✘ ✒ ✌ ❘ ✖ ✓ ✥ ❘
P
✧ ✬
❯ ✎ ✔ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✦
✳
✔ ✕ ✏ ✥ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✑ t ✌ ✒ ✕ ✌ ✔ ❝ ✏ ✥ ✖ ❝ ✔ ✘
✕ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ t ✒ ✌ ♦ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✧ ❱ ❳ ✖ ✬ t ✛ ✎ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ❝ ❍ ✕ ✏ ✘ ✘ ✏ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✏
✚ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✕ ✖
✱ ✱
✖ ✛ ✒ ✌ ✙ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✏ ✕
❡
✖ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✌ ✖ ✓ ✚
✳ ✱
✖ ✕
✑ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✍
✳
✑ ✒ ✌ ✖ ✘
✲
✘ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✌ ❍ ✖ ✕ ✍ ✔ ✙
✱
✏ ✘ ✧ ♦ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✧ ✪ ❖ ✬
✖ ❍ ❍
✱
✔ ✏ ✘ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✖ ✓
✲
✘ ✔ ✍
✳
✖ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✛ ✏ ✙ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✘ ✘
✔ ✓ ✥ ✖ ✔
✱ ✲ ✱
✔ ✌ ✏ ✧
✐
✒
✳
✑ ✖
✲
✥ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✘ ✏ ❝ ❍ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✎
✲
✒
✳
✕ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✥ ✧
②
✔ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✘ ✛ ✔
❡
✏
✱
✙ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✎
✲
✒
✳
✕
✖ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✒
✱
✥ ✏ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✥ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✘ ✍ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✒ ✓ t ✔ ✧ ✏ ✧ t ✖ ✛ ✖
✲
✌ ✕ ✒ ✑ t ✍ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✕ ✒
✳
✓ ✥ ✧ ❨ ✘
✴ ✲
✒
✳
✕ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✥ ✍ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✏
✙ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✕ ✖ ❍ ✔ ✥
✱ ✲
✧
❲
✎ ✔
✱
✏ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✘ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✎
✙ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✔ ✥ ✏ ✕ ✖ ❏
✱
✏ ✖ ✓ ✚
✳ ✱
✖ ✕ ✘ ❍ ✏ ✏ ✥ ✘ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✙ ✎
✲
✒
✳
✕ ✖ ✕ ✑ ✘
✎ ✒ ✕ ✔ q ✒ ✓ ✍ ✖
✱ ✱ ✲
✧
❲
✎ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✖ ❍ ❍ ✏ ✓ ✘
❤ ✐
✒
✳
✕ ✖ ✓ ✚
✳ ✱
✖ ✕
✘ ❍ ✏ ✏ ✥ ✔ ✘ ✕ ✏ ✥
✳
✙ ✏ ✥ ✧ ■ ✌
✲
✒
✳
❏ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✚ ❏ ✖ ✙
✴ ✲
✒
✳
✕ ✖ ✕ ✑ ✘
✙
✱
✒ ✘ ✏ ✕ ✍ ✒
✲
✒
✳
✕ ❏ ✒ ✥
✲
t ✍ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✓ ✚
✳ ✱
✖ ✕ ✘ ❍ ✏ ✏ ✥ ✔ ✓ ✙ ✕ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✏ ✘
✖ ✚ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✧ ❯ ✎ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✘ ✔ ✍
✳
✖ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✛ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✏ ❍ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✙ ✔ ❍
✱
✏
✒ ✌ ✙ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✏ ✕
❡
✖ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✌ ✖ ✓ ✚
✳ ✱
✖ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✍
✳
✑ ✔ ✘
✖ ❍ ❍
✱
✔ ✙ ✖ ❏
✱
✏ ✧ ■ ✌ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✖
✱
✑ ✏ ✙ ✎ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✚
✱
✏ ✙ ✍ ✏ ✥ t ✍ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✔ ✘ ✓ ✒ ✏ ❝ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✓ ✖
✱
✍ ✒ ✕ ✦
✳
✏ ✖ ❏ ✒
✳
✍ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✖ ❝ ✔ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✎ ✖ ✔ ✕
✖ ✓ ✥ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✙ ✏ ✗
❩
✔ ✘ ✙ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✍ ✖ ✓ ✍ ✧
②
✍ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✙ ✎ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✕ ✑ ✘
✔ ✓ ✙ ✕ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✏ ✘ ✗ ✖ ❏ ✒
✳
✍ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✖ ❝ ✔ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ t ✕ ✏ ✘
✳ ✱
✍ ✔ ✓ ✚
✔ ✓ ✥ ✏ ✙ ✕ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✓ ✚
✳ ✱
✖ ✕ ✘ ❍ ✏ ✏ ✥
❩
✧ ❬✕ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✔ ✓ ✚
✍ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✕ ✑ ✘ ✙
✱
✒ ✘ ✏ ✕ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✏ ❏ ✒ ✥
✲
✎ ✖ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✒ ❍ ❍ ✒ ✘ ✔ ✍ ✏
✏ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✧
❨ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✙
✳
✘ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✒ ❏ ✖ ✍ ✖ ✓ ✥ ✖ ✥ ✔
❡
✏ ✕ ✍ ✖
✴
✏ ✖ ✥
❡
✖ ✓ ✍ ✖ ✚ ✏
✒ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✘ ❍ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✙ ✔ ❍
✱
✏ ✧ ❨
✱
✘ ✒ t ✘
✴
✖ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✥ ✙
✱
✖ ✘ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✖
✱
t
■ ✓ ✥ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✒ ✕ ✛ ✏ ✘ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✓ t ✥ ✖ ✓ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✘ ❍ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✖
❍ ✔ ✕ ✒
✳
✏ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✍ ✥ ✔ ✘ ❍
✱
✖
✲ ❭
✑ ✖ ✘ ✍ ✏ ✕
✲ ❪
✒
❡
✏ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✘ ❍ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✙ ✔ ❍
✱
✏ ✧
❫
✖ ✓
✲
✒
✳
✏ ❝ ❍
✱
✖ ✔ ✓
❤
✷ ✹ ✺
❴ ❵ ❛ ❘ ❘ ❜ ❢❣ ❥ ❛ ❦ ❜ ❛ ❢
❧
✓ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✍ ✙ ✒ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✒ ❏ ✘ ✏ ✕
❡
✏ ✥ ✔ ✓
✥ ✖ ✔
✱ ✲ ✱
✔ ✌ ✏ ✔ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✒
✱ ✱
✔ ✓ ✚ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✧ ❨
✱ ✱
✛ ✎ ✏ ✏
✱
✘
✳
✘ ✏ ✥
✔ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✘ ❍ ✒ ✕ ✍ ✖ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✖
❡
✏ ✕ ✒
✱ ✱
✔ ✓ ✚ ✑ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✧ ❑ ✒ ✕
✘ ❍ ✏ ✙ ✔ ✌ ✔ ✙ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✘ ✛ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✖
✱ ✱
❏ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✓ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✖ ✘ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✖
✥ ✔ ✘ ✙ t ❏
✳
✍ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✘
✳ ✱
✍ ✛ ✔
✱ ✱
✖ ❍ ❍
✱ ✲
✍ ✒ ✖ ✓
✲
✕ ✒
✱ ✱
✔ ✓ ✚ ❏ ✒ ✥
✲
✕ ✒
✱ ✱
✔ ✓ ✚ ✒ ✓ ✖
✱
✏
❡
✏
✱
✘
✳
✕ ✌ ✖ ✙ ✏ ✧
❲
✏ ✘ ✎ ✖
✱ ✱
✖ ✘ ✘
✳
✑ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✖ ✍
✍ ✎ ✏ ✥ ✔ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✒
✱ ✱
✘ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✒
✳
✍ ✘
✱
✔ ❍ ❍ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✧ ❯ ✎ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✏ ✖ ✓ ✘ ✍ ✎ ✖ ✍
✖ ✍ ✖ ✓
✲
✔ ✓ ✘ ✍ ✖ ✓ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✔ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✏ ❏ ✒ ✍ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✥ ✔ ✘ ✙
✛ ✎ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✓ ✙ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✖ ✙ ✍ ✛ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✘
✳
✕ ✌ ✖ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✘ ✍
✒ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✘
✳
✕ ✌ ✖ ✙ ✏ ✧
♠ ♥ ♣ r s✉✈ ✇ ①④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❷ ❺ ⑨ ⑩ ⑨ ❻ ❼ ⑨ ⑩ ❶⑦ ❸ ❽ ❹ ❷ ❺ ⑨ ⑩ ⑨ ❻
❹ ⑩
❾ ❿ ➀
❹ ❸ ⑧⑨ ⑧ ⑦ ⑩ ❷
❿
⑧
➁
⑤
❾
❺ ❸
➀
❶❺ ❷ ❶ ⑨ ⑩ ❹
❶
➂
❺ ❽ ⑦
➀
❼
➃
❹ ❺ ❸ ❹ ⑩ ⑥ ❶ ❷❸ ⑦ ❷❼
➃
⑦ ❶
➃
⑦ ❸ ❹ ❸ ⑧❶
➄
➅ ❸ ❺ ⑩
❾
❶
➃
⑦ ❸ ❹ ❸ ⑧❶ ❼
➀
⑨ ❶ ⑦❸ ❷ ⑨ ❷
➃
⑦ ➅ ⑨⑥ ➆
➁
♠ ♥ ♣ r s ✉ ✈ ✇
➇
④ ⑤ ⑩ ❹ ❼ ❸ ⑨➅ ❹ ❷ ⑦ ⑧
➈ ➀
⑨➆ ❺ ⑩
❾
❷
➃
⑦
➈
❸ ❺ ⑩ ❼ ❺
➈ ➀
⑦ ⑨❻
❼ ⑨⑩ ❶⑦❸ ❽❹ ❷ ❺ ⑨ ⑩ ⑨❻ ❹ ⑩
❾ ❿ ➀
❹ ❸ ⑧ ⑨⑧ ⑦ ⑩ ❷
❿
⑧ ❺ ⑩
➃
⑦❸
➈
⑦❸ ❻⑨❸ ⑧ ❹ ⑩ ❼ ⑦
➁
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❲ ❡ ✥ ✞ ✟ ❡ ✠ ❡ ✡ ✞ ✠ ☛ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✞ ✠ ✌ ✍ ❡ ✠ ✎ ✥ ✞ ✎ ✠ ♦ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✡ ♦ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏
✍ ✐ ✞ ✒ ♦ ✡ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✠ ♦ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✞ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✐ ✌ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✕
❲ ❡ ☛ ✏ ♦ ✖ ✎ ✥ ✞ ✎ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✐ ✌ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✞ ✌ ✡ ♦ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✞
✐ s ✐ ✎ ❡ ✡ ♦ ✔ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✌ ❡ ✐ ✍ ✐ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✡ ♦ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✐ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✎ ✠ ❡ ♦ ✔
✡ ✞ ✐ ✐ ✕
❋ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛✚✜ ✛ ❚ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✦✧ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✫✦✬ ★ ✦ ✩ ✭ ✮★ ✬ ✢ ✦✯ ✬ ✰ ✧ ★ ✱ ✱ ★ ✩ ✪ ✲ ✦ ✳ ✴
❞
★ ✰
✵
✦ ✩ ✴ ✧ ✣
✷
✣ ✧ ✰ ✯ ✤ ✳✴
✵
✣
❢ ✸
✦✬✣ ✴ ✬ ✴ ✩
✹
★ ✩ ✰ ✬ ✴ ✩ ✬
✺
✬ ✢ ✣ ✱ ✦ ★ ✩ ✬ ✦ ✳
✵
✦ ✩ ✬ ✴
✵
✬ t
✻
✦ ✳ ✬ ✢ ✣
❞
★ ✰
✵
✮★ ✬ ✢ ✬✢ ✣
✰ ✯ ✤ ✳✴
✵
✣ ★ ✰ ✴ ✬ ✤ ✣✰ ✬✼ ✬ ✢ ✣
✵
✣ ✩ ✬ ✤ ✣ ✦ ✳ ✫ ✴ ✰✰ ✦ ✳
✬ ✢ ✣
❞
★ ✰
✵
✫✦
✷
✣✰ ✮★ ✬ ✢
✷
✣ ✧ ✦
✵
★ ✬
✹ ✺ ✷
❝ ✽
❢
❚ ✢ ✣
❞
★ ✰
✵
✤ ✦✬ ✴ ✬ ✣✰ ✮★ ✬ ✢ ✴ ✩ ✪ ✯ ✧ ✴ ✤
✷
✣ ✧ ✦
✵
★ ✬
✹
✴ ❛ ✦✯ ✬ ★ ✬ ✰
✴ ✾ ★ ✰ ✮ ✢ ★
✵
✢ ✱ ✴ ✰ ✰✣ ✰ ✬ ✢ ✤ ✦ ✯ ✪ ✢ ✿ ✼
✷
❝ ✽
❀ ❁ ❂
✺
✮✢ ✣✤ ✣ ❁ ★ ✰ ✬✢ ✣ ✤ ✴
❞
★ ✯ ✰ ✦ ✳ ✬ ✢ ✣
❞
★ ✰
✵ ❢
▲ ❡ ✎ ✈
❃ ❄
✓ ❡ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✟ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✎ s ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✎ ✠ ❡ ♦ ✔ ✡ ✞ ✐ ✐
✞ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✠ ❡ ✔ ♦ ✠ ❡ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✐ ✌ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✞ ✌ ✟ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✎ s ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡
☞ ✍ ✐ ✒ ✕ ❅ ✍ ✏ ✒ ❡ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✎ ✠ ❡ ♦ ✔ ✡ ✞ ✐ ✐ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✠ ♦ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✑ ☞ ✍ ✐ ✒
✍ ✐ ✞ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✐ ✑ ❡ ♦ ✡ ❡ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✒ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✎ ✠ ❡ ❆ ❇ ❈ ✍ ✑ ✕ ❉ ✕ ❊ ❉ ● ❍ ✈
❃ ❄
✍ ✐
✎ ✥ ❡ ✟ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✎ s ♦ ✔ ❆✕
■
✎ ✍ ✐ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✌ ✌ ❡ ✌ ✎ ♦ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✌ ❡ ✟ ❡ ✌
✐ ❏ ✠ ✔ ✞ ✒ ❡ ✕ ❑ ✥ ❡ ✠ ♦ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✞ ✌ ✡ ♦ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ☞ ✍ ✐ ✒ ✍ ✐
✞ ✓ ♦ ❏ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✐ ✐ s ✡ ✡ ❡ ✎ ✠ s ✞ ▼ ✍ ✐ ❍ ✖ ✥ ✍ ✒ ✥ ✗ ✞ ✐ ✐ ❡ ✐ ✎ ✥ ✠ ♦ ❏ ✑ ✥
❆✕ ❑ ✥ ❏ ✐ ❍ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✟ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✎ s ♦ ✔ ✞ ✏ s ✗ ♦ ✍ ✏ ✎ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ☞ ✍ ✐ ✒ ❍
✌ ✍ ☛ ❡ ❧
◆
❍ ❧
❖
♦ ✠ ❧
◗
❍ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✐ ✍ ✐ ✎ ✐ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✖ ♦ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✎ ✐ ❍ ♦ ✏ ❡ ✍ ✐ ✎ ✥ ❡
✎ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✐ ✌ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✞ ✌ ✟ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✎ s ✈
❃ ❄
✞ ✏ ☞ ✎ ✥ ❡ ♦ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✠ ✍ ✐ ✎ ✥ ❡
✌ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✞ ✠ ✟ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✎ s ✈
r
♦ ✏ ✞ ✒ ✒ ♦ ❏ ✏ ✎ ♦ ✔ ✠ ♦ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✕ ❑ ✥ ❡
✡ ✞ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✎ ❏ ☞ ❡ ♦ ✔ ✈
r
✍ ✐ ❘
r
❙ ❯ ❱ ❍ ✖ ✥ ❡ ✠ ❡ ❳ ✍ ✐ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✞ ✏ ✑ ❏ ✌ ✞ ✠
✟ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✎ s ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✠ ♦ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ☞ ✍ ✐ ✒ ✞ ✓ ♦ ❏ ✎ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✞ ▼ ✍ ✐
✞ ✏ ☞ ❯ ✍ ✐ ✎ ✥ ❡ ☞ ✍ ✐ ✎ ✞ ✏ ✒ ❡ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✗ ♦ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✠ ♦ ✡ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✞ ▼ ✍ ✐
❇ ✍ ✕ ❡ ✕ ✔ ✠ ♦ ✡ ❆ ● ✕ ❑ ✥ ❡ ✟ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✎ s ✈
r
✍ ✐ ☞ ✍ ✠ ❡ ✒ ✎ ❡ ☞
✗ ❡ ✠ ✗ ❡ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✒ ❏ ✌ ✞ ✠ ✎ ♦ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✍ ❏ ✐ ✟ ❡ ✒ ✎ ♦ ✠ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✑ ✍ ✟ ❡ ✏
✗ ♦ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✠ ❡ ✐ ✗ ❡ ✒ ✎ ✎ ♦ ❆ ✕
■
✏ ❈ ✍ ✑ ✕ ❉ ✕ ❊ ❉ ❍ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✟ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✎ s
♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✗ ♦ ✍ ✏ ✎ ❧
◗
❇ ✈
◗
● ✞ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✐ ✒ ♦ ✡ ✗ ♦ ✏ ❡ ✏ ✎ ✐ ✈
r
✞ ✏ ☞
✈
❃ ❄
✞ ✠ ❡ ✐ ✥ ♦ ✖ ✏ ❨ ✈
r
✥ ❡ ✠ ❡ ✍ ✐ ✗ ❡ ✠ ✗ ❡ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✒ ❏ ✌ ✞ ✠ ✎ ♦ ❆❧
◗
✕
■
✎ ✍ ✐ ❡ ✞ ✐ s ✎ ♦ ✐ ✥ ♦ ✖ ✎ ✥ ✞ ✎ ✈
③
✍ ✐ ✗ ❡ ✠ ✗ ❡ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✒ ❏ ✌ ✞ ✠ ✎ ♦ ✎ ✥ ❡
✌ ✍ ✏ ❡ ❧
❩
❧
◗
✕ ❑ ✥ ❡ ✠ ❡ ✔ ♦ ✠ ❡ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✗ ✞ ✐ ✐ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✥ ✠ ♦ ❏ ✑ ✥ ❧
❩
✞ ✏ ☞ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✌ ✌ ❡ ✌ ✎ ♦ ❳ ✍ ✐ ✒ ✞ ✌ ✌ ❡ ☞ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✍ ✏ ✐ ✎ ✞ ✏ ✎ ✞ ✏ ❡ ♦ ❏ ✐
✞ ▼ ✍ ✐ ♦ ✔ ✠ ♦ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✕
❬ ✎ ❧
❭
❍ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✞ ✠ ✟ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✎ s ❍ ✈
r
❍ ☞ ❏ ❡ ✎ ♦ ✠ ♦ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏
✍ ✐ ☞ ✍ ✠ ❡ ✒ ✎ ❡ ☞ ❡ ▼ ✞ ✒ ✎ ✌ s ♦ ✗ ✗ ♦ ✐ ✍ ✎ ❡ ✎ ♦ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✐ ✌ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✞ ✌
✟ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✎ s ✈
❃ ❄
✕ ❈ ❏ ✠ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✠ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✡ ✞ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✎ ❏ ☞ ❡ ♦ ✔ ✈
r
✥ ❡ ✠ ❡ ✍ ✐
❪ ❱ ❍ ✖ ✥ ❡ ✠ ❡ ❪ ✍ ✐ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✍ ❏ ✐ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ☞ ✍ ✐ ✒ ✕ ❑ ✥ ❡
✒ ♦ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✎ ✥ ✞ ✎ ❧
❭
✍ ✐ ✍ ✏ ✐ ✎ ✞ ✏ ✎ ✞ ✏ ❡ ♦ ❏ ✐ ✌ s ✞ ✎ ✠ ❡ ✐ ✎
✠ ❡ ❫ ❏ ✍ ✠ ❡ ✐ ❘
❃ ❄
❙ ❪ ❱ ✕ ❑ ✥ ❏ ✐ ✔ ♦ ✠ ✎ ✥ ❡ ☞ ✍ ✐ ✒ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✒ ♦ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏
✔ ♦ ✠ ✠ ♦ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✥ ♦ ❏ ✎ ✐ ✌ ✍ ✗ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✐
❇ ❉ ✕ ❴ ❉ ●
■
✏ ✒ ✍ ☞ ❡ ✏ ✎ ✞ ✌ ✌ s ❍ ✎ ✥ ✍ ✐ ✡ ❡ ✞ ✏ ✐ ✎ ✥ ✞ ✎ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✟ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✎ s ♦ ✔
✗ ♦ ✍ ✏ ✎ ❧
❖
✞ ✎ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✎ ♦ ✗ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ☞ ✍ ✐ ✒ ❇ ✈
❖
● ✥ ✞ ✐ ✞
✡ ✞ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✎ ❏ ☞ ❡ ❘
❃ ❄
❵ ❪ ❱ ♦ ✠ ❜ ❘
❃ ❄
✞ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✐ ☞ ✍ ✠ ❡ ✒ ✎ ❡ ☞
✗ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✌ ✌ ❡ ✌ ✎ ♦ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✌ ❡ ✟ ❡ ✌ ✐ ❏ ✠ ✔ ✞ ✒ ❡ ✕ ❑ ✥ ❡ ✒ ♦ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ❇ ❉ ✕ ❴ ❉ ●
✞ ✗ ✗ ✌ ✍ ❡ ✐ ✎ ♦ ✞ ✌ ✌ ✠ ♦ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✓ ♦ ☞ ✍ ❡ ✐ ✕
❣ ❤ ❥ ❦ ❤ ❥ ♠ ♥ ♣ q ✉♥ ✇ ① ♣ q ②④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑥ ⑨ ⑨ ♥ ♣ ④ ⑩ ⑥ ✉♥ ⑥ ♣
❶ ❏ ✠ ✏ ❡ ▼ ✎ ✎ ✞ ✐ ☛ ✖ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✓ ❡ ✎ ♦ ♦ ✓ ✎ ✞ ✍ ✏ ✞ ✏ ❡ ▼ ✗ ✠ ❡ ✐ ✐ ✍ ♦ ✏
✔ ♦ ✠ ✎ ✥ ❡ ☛ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✒ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✑ s ♦ ✔ ✞ ✠ ♦ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✓ ♦ ☞ s ✕ ❑ ✥ ❡
☛ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✒ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✑ s ♦ ✔ ✞ ✠ ♦ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✓ ♦ ☞ s ✒ ✞ ✏ ✓ ❡ ✐ ❡ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✎ ❡ ☞
✍ ✏ ✎ ♦ ☛ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✒ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✑ s ♦ ✔ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✐ ✌ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✞ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✒
❡ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✑ s ♦ ✔ ✠ ♦ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✕ ❑ ✥ ✍ ✐ ✍ ✐ ✞ ✐ ✗ ❡ ✒ ✍ ✞ ✌ ✒ ✞ ✐ ❡ ♦ ✔ ✞
✑ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✞ ✌ ✠ ❡ ✐ ❏ ✌ ✎ ✔ ♦ ✠ ✞ ✐ s ✐ ✎ ❡ ✡ ♦ ✔ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✌ ❡ ✐ ❍
✞ ✒ ✒ ♦ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✎ ♦ ✖ ✥ ✍ ✒ ✥ ✎ ✥ ❡ ☛ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✒ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✑ s ♦ ✔ ✞
✐ s ✐ ✎ ❡ ✡ ♦ ✔ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✌ ❡ ✐ ❇ ❷ ● ✒ ✞ ✏ ✓ ❡ ✐ ❡ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✞ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✍ ✏ ✎ ♦
✎ ✥ ❡ ☛ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✒ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✑ s ♦ ✔ ✡ ♦ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✎ ✠ ❡ ♦ ✔
✡ ✞ ✐ ✐ ❇ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✐ ✌ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ● ❇ ❸ ❹
◗
❺ ❜ ● ✞ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✒ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✑ s
♦ ✔ ✠ ♦ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✞ ✌ ✡ ♦ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✞ ✓ ♦ ❏ ✎ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✎ ✠ ❡ ♦ ✔ ✡ ✞ ✐ ✐
♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✐ s ✐ ✎ ❡ ✡ ♦ ✔ ✗ ✞ ✠ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✌ ❡ ✐ ❇ ❷ ❻ ● ✕ ❑ ✥ ❏ ✐ ❍
❼
❽ ❾❿ ❿ ➀ ➁➂ ➃ ➄
❇ ❉ ✕ ❴ ➅ ●
❲ ❡ ✞ ✐ ✐ ❏ ✡ ❡ ✎ ✥ ✍ ✐ ✑ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✞ ✌ ✠ ❡ ✐ ❏ ✌ ✎ ❇ ✐ ❡ ❡
➆
▼ ❡ ✠ ✒ ✍ ✐ ❡
❉ ✕ ❊ ➇ ● ❍ ✞ ✏ ☞ ✞ ✗ ✗ ✌ s ✍ ✎ ✎ ♦ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✒ ✞ ✐ ❡ ♦ ✔ ✠ ♦ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✡ ♦ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✕
■
✏ ♦ ❏ ✠ ✏ ♦ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ❍ ✎ ✥ ❡ ☛ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✒ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✑ s ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✎ ✠ ❡
♦ ✔ ✡ ✞ ✐ ✐ ❍ ✍ ✕ ❡ ✕ ❍ ✎ ✥ ❡ ☛ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✒ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✑ s ♦ ✔ ✎ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✐ ✌ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ❍
♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✠ ♦ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✓ ♦ ☞ s ✍ ✐
➈
❘
◗
❃ ❄
❺ ❜ ❍ ✖ ✥ ❡ ✠ ❡
➈
✍ ✐ ✎ ✥ ❡
✡ ✞ ✐ ✐ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✓ ♦ ☞ s ✞ ✏ ☞ ❘
❃ ❄
✍ ✐ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✎ ✠ ❡ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡
✡ ✞ ✐ ✐ ✟ ❡ ✌ ♦ ✒ ✍ ✎ s ✕ ❅ ✍ ✏ ✒ ❡ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✡ ♦ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✠ ♦ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✑
✓ ♦ ☞ s ✞ ✓ ♦ ❏ ✎ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✎ ✠ ❡ ♦ ✔ ✡ ✞ ✐ ✐ ✍ ✐ ✠ ♦ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ❍ ❷ ❻
✠ ❡ ✗ ✠ ❡ ✐ ❡ ✏ ✎ ✐ ✎ ✥ ❡ ☛ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✒ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✑ s ♦ ✔ ✠ ♦ ✎ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡
✓ ♦ ☞ s ❨
➉
➊➋ ➌ ➍
➎
➏
❍ ✖ ✥ ❡ ✠ ❡
➐
✍ ✐ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✡ ♦ ✡ ❡ ✏ ✎ ♦ ✔
✍ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✎ ✍ ✞ ✞ ✓ ♦ ❏ ✎ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✞ ✗ ✗ ✠ ♦ ✗ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✎ ❡ ✞ ▼ ✍ ✐ ❍ ✖ ✥ ✍ ✒ ✥ ✍ ✐ ✎ ✥ ❡
✐ s ✡ ✡ ❡ ✎ ✠ s ✞ ▼ ✍ ✐ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✠ ♦ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✓ ♦ ☞ s ✕ ❑ ✥ ❡ ☛ ✍ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✒
❡ ✏ ❡ ✠ ✑ s ♦ ✔ ✞ ✠ ♦ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✓ ♦ ☞ s ❍ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✠ ❡ ✔ ♦ ✠ ❡ ❍ ✍ ✐ ✑ ✍ ✟ ❡ ✏ ✓ s
➑ ➑
➒ ➒
➓ ➓
➔ →
➣ ↔ ↕➙ ➛➜ ➝
❇ ❉ ✕ ❴ ➞ ✞ ●
❅ ❏ ✓ ✐ ✎ ✍ ✎ ❏ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✑
➐ ➟ ➈ ➠
◗
✖ ✥ ❡ ✠ ❡
➠ ➟
✎ ✥ ❡
✒ ♦ ✠ ✠ ❡ ✐ ✗ ♦ ✏ ☞ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✠ ✞ ☞ ✍ ❏ ✐ ♦ ✔ ✑ s ✠ ✞ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✏ ♦ ✔ ✎ ✥ ❡ ✓ ♦ ☞ s
✞ ✏ ☞ ❘
❃ ❄
➟
❪ ❳
➡
✖ ❡ ✑ ❡ ✎
➢ ➢
➢
➢
➤ ➤
➥ ➥
➦ ➧
➦ ➧
➨ ➩
➫ ➨
➭
➯
➯➲ ➳
♦ ✠
➵
➵
➵
➸
➸
➺
➻ ➼
➽
➾ ➚
➪
➶
➹ ➘
➴ ➷
➬ ➮
➱ ✃
❇ ❉ ✕ ❴ ➞ ✓ ●
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✼ ✺
✌
❊ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✏ ✜ ✜ ✢ ✒ ✣ ✤ ✑ ✓ ✏ ✔ ✥ ✦ ✓ ✢ ✢ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✓ ✧ ✥ ★
✏ ✧ ✒ ✤ ❛ ✩ ✏ ❛ ✥ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✧ ✣ ✦ ✩ ✏ ✦ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✓ ✦ ✏ ✤ ✜ ✱ ✣ ✦ ✣ ✗
✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✲ ✳ ✴ ✵ ✷ ✱ ✦ ✣ ✣ ✚ ✓ ✧ ✒ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✏ ✦ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✩ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✢ ✒ ✧
❛ ✥ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✧ ✣ ✦ ✏ ✔ ✧ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✢ ✒ ✧ ✤ ✜ ✱ ✣ ✦ ✣ ✦ ✓ ✢ ✢ ✧ ✓ ✸ ✔ ✑ ✱ ✣
✤ ✏ s ✣ ✒ ✔ ❛ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✧ ✜ ✢ ✏ ✔ ✣ ✸ ✒ ✑ ✱ ✓ ✎ ✑ ✤ ✢ ✒ ✜ ✜ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✗ ✷ ✱ ✣ ✥
✤ ✑ ✏ ✦ ✑ ✹ ✦ ✓ s ✦ ✣ ✤ ✑ ✗ ✷ ✱ ✣ ✦ ✏ ✧ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✹ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✚ ✓ ✧ ✒ ✣ ✤ ✏ ✦ ✣
✒ ✧ ✣ ✔ ✑ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✢ ✗ ✐ ✱ ✒ ❛ ✱ ✓ ✹ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✚ ✓ ✧ ✒ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✣ ✏ ❛ ✱ ✣ ✤ ✑ ✱ ✣
♦ ✦ ✓ ✎ ✔ ✧ ✸ ✒ ✑ ✱ s ✏ ✻ ✒ s ✎ s ✽ ✣ ✢ ✓ ❛ ✒ ✑ ✥ ✾
❆ ✿ ❀ ❁ ✰ ❂ ✐ ✣ ✏ ✤ ✤ ✎ s ✣ ❛ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✣ ✦ ✽ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✹ ✣ ✔ ✣ ✦ ♦ ✥ ✓ ✹
✑ ✱ ✣ ✦ ✓ ✢ ✢ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✓ ✧ ✥ ✩ ✒ ✗ ✣ ✗ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✦ ✣ ✒ ✤ ✔ ✓ ✢ ✓ ✤ ✤ ✓ ✹ ✣ ✔ ✣ ✦ ♦ ✥
✧ ✎ ✣ ✑ ✓ ✹ ✦ ✒ ❛ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✑ ❛ ✗ ✷ ✱ ✣ ✜ ✓ ✑ ✣ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✢ ✣ ✔ ✣ ✦ ♦ ✥ ✢ ✓ ✤ ✑ ✚ ✥
✑ ✱ ✣ ✚ ✓ ✧ ✥ ✒ ✔ ✦ ✓ ✢ ✢ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✧ ✓ ✸ ✔ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✒ ✔ ❛ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✧ ✜ ✢ ✏ ✔ ✣
✕ ❃ ♠ ❄ ❅ ✛ s ✎ ✤ ✑ ✩ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✦ ✣ ✹ ✓ ✦ ✣ ✩ ✚ ✣ ✣ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✢ ✑ ✓ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✑ ✒ ❛
✣ ✔ ✣ ✦ ♦ ✥ ♦ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✧ ✗ ✕
❇
✣ ✣
❈
✒ ♦ ✗ ✖ ✗
❉ ❋
✛
❇
✒ ✔ ❛ ✣ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✚ ✓ ✧ ✒ ✣ ✤
✤ ✑ ✏ ✦ ✑ ✹ ✦ ✓ s ✦ ✣ ✤ ✑ ✑ ✱ ✣ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✑ ✒ ❛ ✣ ✔ ✣ ✦ ♦ ✥ ♦ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✧ ✒ ✤ ✣ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✢
✑ ✓ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✹ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✢ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✑ ✒ ❛ ✣ ✔ ✣ ✦ ♦ ✥ ✓ ✹ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✚ ✓ ✧ ✒ ✣ ✤ ✗
❈
✦ ✓ s
❊ ✍ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✩
●
●
●
❍
❍
■
❦
❑ ❏
❘
▲
▼ ◆
❖ P
◗ ❯
❱ ❲
✩ ✸ ✱ ✣ ✦ ✣ ✈ ✒ ✤ ✑ ✱ ✣
✹ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✢ ✽ ✣ ✢ ✓ ❛ ✒ ✑ ✥ ✓ ✹ ✕ ✑ ✱ ✣ ❛ ✣ ✔ ✑ ✦ ✣ ✓ ✹ s ✏ ✤ ✤ ✓ ✹ ✛ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✚ ✓ ✧ ✥ ✗
❊ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✔ ♦
❳
✏ ✔ ✧ ♠ ❄ ❅ ✩
❨ ❩ ❬ ❭❪ ❭❫❴
●
●
●
❍
❍
■
❦
❏
❵ ❜
❏
❘
▲
▼ ◆
❖ P
◗ ❯
❱ ❲
✓ ✦
●
● ●
■
❍
❵ ❜
❦ ❘
▲
▼ ◆
❖
◗ ❯
P
❱ ❲
❝✓ ✑ ✣ ✒ ✤ ✒ ✔ ✧ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✔ ✧ ✣ ✔ ✑ ✓ ✹ ✑ ✱ ✣ s ✏ ✤ ✤ ✓ ✹ ✑ ✱ ✣
✦ ✓ ✢ ✢ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✚ ✓ ✧ ✥ ❞
❈
✓ ✦ ✏ ✦ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✩
❢
❣
❃
❤
❣
■
❍ ❍
r ❥ ♥❧
❵ ❜
▲ ❖
P
✩
❃
♣ q
❈
✓ ✦ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✢ ✒ ✧ ❛ ✥ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✧ ✣ ✦
❢
❣
❃
❤
❣
t ✉
■
❍ ❍ ■
✇ ❥ ① ②
❵ ❜
▲ ❖
P
❃
③
④
❵ ❜
❈
✓ ✦ ✏ ✤ ✓ ✢ ✒ ✧ ✤ ✜ ✱ ✣ ✦ ✣
❢
❣
❃ ✉
❤
❣
t ⑤
■
❍ ■ ⑥
① ⑦ ⑧⑨ r ⑨
❵ ❜
▲ ❖
P
❃
❍
⑩
❶
❵ ❜
❈
✦ ✓ s ✑ ✱ ✣ ✦ ✣ ✤ ✎ ✢ ✑ ✤ ✓ ✚ ✑ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✧ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✤ ❛ ✢ ✣ ✏ ✦ ✑ ✱ ✏ ✑ ✏ s ✓ ✔ ♦
✑ ✱ ✣ ✑ ✱ ✦ ✣ ✣ ✚ ✓ ✧ ✒ ✣ ✤ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✤ ✜ ✱ ✣ ✦ ✣ ✱ ✏ ✤ ✑ ✱ ✣ ♦ ✦ ✣ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✤ ✑ ✏ ✔ ✧
✑ ✱ ✣ ✦ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✱ ✏ ✤ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✏ ✤ ✑ ✽ ✣ ✢ ✓ ❛ ✒ ✑ ✥ ✓ ✹ ✑ ✱ ✣ ❛ ✣ ✔ ✑ ✦ ✣ ✓ ✹ s ✏ ✤ ✤
✏ ✑ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✚ ✓ ✑ ✑ ✓ s ✓ ✹ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✒ ✔ ❛ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✧ ✜ ✢ ✏ ✔ ✣ ✗
❇
✎ ✜ ✜ ✓ ✤ ✣ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✚ ✓ ✧ ✒ ✣ ✤ ✱ ✏ ✽ ✣ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✤ ✏ s ✣ s ✏ ✤ ✤ ✗ ✐ ✱ ✒ ❛ ✱
✚ ✓ ✧ ✥ ✱ ✏ ✤ ✑ ✱ ✣ ♦ ✦ ✣ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✤ ✑ ✦ ✓ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✢ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✑ ✒ ❛ ✣ ✔ ✣ ✦ ♦ ✥ ✸ ✱ ✒ ✢ ✣
✦ ✣ ✏ ❛ ✱ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✚ ✓ ✑ ✑ ✓ s ✓ ✹ ✑ ✱ ✣ ✒ ✔ ❛ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✣ ✧ ✜ ✢ ✏ ✔ ✣ ✾
❷
❸ ❹ ❺ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❽
❾ ❿ ➀➁ ➂ ➃ ➄ ➄ ➅➆ ➃ ➇ ➈ ➉ ➈ ➁ ➊ ➋ ➁ ➅ ➈ ➌ ➋ ➍ ➂ ➎ ➋ ➇ ➏ ➐ ➈ ➑ ➐ ➒ ➐ ➂ ➁ ➈ ➌ ➒ ➃ ➍ ➑ ➂ ➌ ➊ ➂ ➒ ➏ ➂ ➂ ➍ ➁ ➈ ➎ ➎ ➂ ➇ ➂ ➍ ➒ ➓ ➃ ➇ ➒ ➈ ➑ ➄ ➂ ➌ ➋ ➎ ➒ ➐ ➂
➊ ➋ ➁ ➅ ➁ ➋ ➍ ➋ ➒ ➑ ➐ ➃ ➍ ➉➂ ➆ ➂ ➔ ➂ ➍ ➒ ➐ ➋ →➉ ➐ ➒ ➐ ➂ ➇ ➂ ➃ ➇ ➂ ➎ ➋ ➇ ➑ ➂ ➌ ➋ ➍ ➒ ➐ ➂ ➣ ❿
↔
❿
↕
➇ ➈ ➉➈ ➁ ➊ ➋ ➁ ➅ ➎ ➈
➙
➂ ➁ ➃ ➒ ➋ ➍ ➂ ➓ ➋ ➈ ➍ ➒ ➋ ➇ ➃ ➄ ➋ ➍ ➉ ➃ ➄ ➈ ➍ ➂ ➑ ➃ ➍ ➐ ➃ ➔ ➂ ➋ ➍ ➄ ➅ ➇ ➋ ➒ ➃ ➒ ➈ ➋ ➍ ➃ ➄ ➣ ➋ ➒ ➈ ➋ ➍ ❿
↕
➇ ➈ ➉➈ ➁
➊ ➋ ➁ ➅ ➍ ➋ ➒ ➎ ➈
➙
➂ ➁ ➈ ➍ ➌ ➋ ➣ ➂ ➏ ➃ ➅ ➑ ➃ ➍ ➐ ➃ ➔ ➂ ➂ ➈ ➒ ➐ ➂ ➇ ➓ →➇ ➂ ➒ ➇ ➃ ➍ ➌ ➄ ➃ ➒ ➈ ➋ ➍ ➋ ➇ ➃ ➑ ➋ ➣ ➊ ➈ ➍ ➃ ➒ ➈ ➋ ➍ ➋ ➎
➒ ➇ ➃ ➍ ➌ ➄ ➃ ➒ ➈ ➋ ➍ ➃ ➍ ➁ ➇ ➋ ➒ ➃ ➒ ➈ ➋ ➍ ❿
➛
❿ ➀➍ ➇ ➋ ➒ ➃ ➒ ➈ ➋ ➍ ➃ ➊ ➋ →➒ ➃ ➎ ➈
➙
➂ ➁ ➃
➙
➈ ➌ ➆ ➂ ➔ ➂ ➇ ➅ ➓ ➃ ➇ ➒ ➈ ➑ ➄ ➂ ➋ ➎ ➒ ➐ ➂ ➇ ➈ ➉➈ ➁ ➊ ➋ ➁ ➅ ➣ ➋ ➔ ➂ ➌ ➈ ➍ ➃ ➑ ➈ ➇ ➑ ➄ ➂ ➏ ➐ ➈ ➑ ➐
➄ ➈ ➂ ➌ ➈ ➍ ➃ ➓ ➄ ➃ ➍ ➂ ➓ ➂ ➇ ➓ ➂ ➍ ➁ ➈ ➑ → ➄ ➃ ➇ ➒ ➋ ➒ ➐ ➂ ➃
➙
➈ ➌ ➃ ➍ ➁ ➐ ➃ ➌ ➈ ➒ ➌ ➑ ➂ ➍ ➒ ➇ ➂ ➋ ➍ ➒ ➐ ➂ ➃
➙
➈ ➌ ❿ ➜ ➔ ➂ ➇ ➅ ➝ ➋ ➈ ➍ ➒ ➈ ➍
➒ ➐ ➂ ➇ ➋ ➒ ➃ ➒ ➈ ➍ ➉ ➇ ➈ ➉➈ ➁ ➊ ➋ ➁ ➅ ➐ ➃ ➌ ➒ ➐ ➂ ➌ ➃ ➣ ➂ ➃ ➍ ➉→ ➄ ➃ ➇ ➔ ➂ ➄ ➋ ➑ ➈ ➒ ➅ ➃ ➒ ➃ ➍ ➅ ➈ ➍ ➌ ➒ ➃ ➍ ➒ ➋ ➎ ➒ ➈ ➣ ➂ ❿
➞
❿ ➀➍ ➓ → ➇ ➂ ➒ ➇ ➃ ➍ ➌ ➄ ➃ ➒ ➈ ➋ ➍ ➆ ➂ ➔ ➂ ➇ ➅ ➓ ➃ ➇ ➒ ➈ ➑ ➄ ➂ ➋ ➎ ➒ ➐ ➂ ➊ ➋ ➁ ➅ ➣ ➋ ➔ ➂ ➌ ➏ ➈ ➒ ➐ ➒ ➐ ➂ ➌ ➃ ➣ ➂ ➔ ➂ ➄ ➋ ➑ ➈ ➒ ➅ ➃ ➒ ➃ ➍ ➅
➈ ➍ ➌ ➒ ➃ ➍ ➒ ➋ ➎ ➒ ➈ ➣ ➂ ❿
➟ ❿
↕
➍ ➉ →➄ ➃ ➇ ➔ ➂ ➄ ➋ ➑ ➈ ➒ ➅ ➈ ➌ ➃ ➔ ➂ ➑ ➒ ➋ ➇ ❿ ➀➒ ➌ ➣ ➃ ➉ ➍ ➈ ➒ → ➁ ➂ ➈ ➌ ➠ ➡ ➢ ➤ ➥ ➢ ➦ ➃ ➍ ➁ ➈ ➒ ➈ ➌ ➁ ➈ ➇ ➂ ➑ ➒ ➂ ➁ ➃ ➄ ➋ ➍ ➉ ➒ ➐ ➂ ➃
➙
➈ ➌
➋ ➎ ➇ ➋ ➒ ➃ ➒ ➈ ➋ ➍ ❿
➧
➋ ➇ ➇ ➋ ➒ ➃ ➒ ➈ ➋ ➍ ➃ ➊ ➋ →➒ ➃ ➎ ➈
➙
➂ ➁ ➃
➙
➈ ➌ ➆ ➒ ➐ ➈ ➌ ➔ ➂ ➑ ➒ ➋ ➇ ➨ ➨ ➐ ➃ ➌ ➃ ➎ ➈
➙
➂ ➁ ➁ ➈ ➇ ➂ ➑ ➒ ➈ ➋ ➍ ❿

❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✼ ✼
✌ ✺ ✳ ❘ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✘ ✑ ✚ ✗ ❡ ✎ ✛ ✜ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✍ ✢ ✍ ✔✙ ✎ ✍ ✛ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✏ ✚ ✣ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✚ ✗ ✙ ✤ ✗ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✣ ✏ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✙
✏ ✒ ✘ ✘ ✜ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✑ ❡ ✙ ✳
✌ ✻ ✳ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✔ ✛ ✏ ✚ ✏ ❡ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✚ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✚ ✑ ✢ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✜ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✢ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✢ ✑ ★ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✜ ■ ✩ ✪ ✫ ✳ ✬✕
✎ ✧ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✎ ✍ ✚ q ✔✗ ✭ ✑ ✙ ✮ ✗ ✚ ✍ ✯ ✎ ✧ ✗ ❡ ✍ ✣ ✤ ✍ ✒ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✔ ✛ ✏ ✚ ✣ ✍ ✣ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✔ ✎ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✑ ✙
■
✰
✍ ✕ ✙ ✔ ❡ ✧ ✏ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✢ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✜ ✑ ✙ ❡ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✎ ✳
✌ ✱ ✳ ❋ ✍ ✚ ✚ ✍ ✛ ✛ ✑ ✒ ✢ ✣ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ♦ ✑ ✎ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✎ ✙ ✛ ✑ ✤ ✤ ✑ ✒ ✢ ✈
❝ ✲
✪ ✴
✰
✯ ♦ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✗ ✈
❝ ✲
✑ ✙ ✎ ✧ ✗ ★ ✗ ✛ ✍ ❡ ✑ ✎ ✜ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✚ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✛ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✵ ✑ ✳ ✗ ✳
✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✣ ✏ ✙ ✙ ✷ ✯ ✴ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✔✙ ✏ ✒ ✘ ♠ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✣ ✏ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✜ ✳ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✜
✍ ✕ ✙ ✔❡ ✧ ✏ ✚ ✍ ✛ ✛ ✑ ✒ ✢ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✜ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✔✣ ✍ ✕ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✚ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✛ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒
✸
✹ ✹
✽ ✽
✾ ✾
✿ ❀
❑ ❁ ❂ ❃ ❄❅ ❆
✳
P ❇ ❈ ❉ ❊ ● ❊ ❇ P ❇ ❉ ❍ ❏ ▲
✌ ✳ ✦ ✍ ✘ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✣ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✣ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✣ ✏ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✒ ✍ ✥ ✒ ✍ ♦ ✛ ✗ ✘ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✏ ✛
✕ ✍ ✚ ❡ ✗ ✙ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✑ ✙ ✚ ✗ q ✔✑ ✚ ✗ ✘ ✳ ❋ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✧ ✑ ✙ ✤ ✔✚ ✤ ✍ ✙ ✗ ♦ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✍ ✥ ✒ ✍ ♦ ✍ ✒ ✛ ✜ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✏ ✛
✕ ✍ ✚ ❡ ✗ ✙ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✜ ✳
▼
✳
◆
✗ ✤ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✣ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✙ ✜✙ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✍ ✕ ✤ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✙ ✯ ✑ ✳ ✗ ✳ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✣ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✣ ✏ ✙ ✙
✎ ✚ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✣ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✜✙ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✣ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✔✎ ✵ ✑ ✳ ✗ ✳ ✚ ✗ ✛ ✏ ✎ ✑ ★ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✷ ✎ ✧ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✕
✣ ✏ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✜✙ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✑ ✙ ✏ ✔✙ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✎ ✗ ❡ ✧ ✒ ✑ q ✔ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✜ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✑ ❡ ✙ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✍ ✕ ✤ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✳ ❖ ✒ ✗
✗ ✖ ✏ ✣ ✤ ✛ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✗ ❡ ✧ ✒ ✑ q ✔ ✗ ✑ ✙ ✙ ✗ ✤ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✍ ✕ ✤ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✙
❣
✏ ✙
✎ ✧ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✔✎ ✑ ✎ ✙ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✣ ✏ ✙ ✙
❣ ◗
✏ ✒ ✘ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✍ ✕
✎ ✧ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✣ ✏ ✙ ✙ ❯ ❱
❲
❳
▼
✯
❨ ✪ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❯ ❱
❲
❳
▼
❭
✳
❪
✗ ♦ ✎ ✍ ✒
❫
✙
◆
✗ ❡ ✍ ✒ ✘
❴
✏ ♦ ✕ ✍ ✚ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✮ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✵ ✍ ✚ ✙ ✜✙ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✙ ✍ ✕ ✤ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✷ ✑ ✙ ✓ ✏ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✒
❪
✗ ♦ ✎ ✍ ✒
❫
✙
◆
✗ ❡ ✍ ✒ ✘
❴
✏ ♦ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✏ ✛ ✙ ✍
❪
✗ ♦ ✎ ✍ ✒
❫
✙ ✦ ✧ ✑ ✚ ✘
❴
✏ ♦ ✕ ✍ ✚ ✤ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✳
❵ ✳ ✦ ✍ ✗ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✛ ✑ ✙ ✧ ✎ ✧ ✏ ✎ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✎ ✑ ✣ ✗ ✚ ✏ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✕ ❡ ✧ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✔✛ ✏ ✚ ✣ ✍ ✣ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✔✣ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✍ ✕
✤ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✎ ✍ ✚ q ✔✗ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✜✙ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✯ ♦ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✘ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✛ ✜
❪
✗ ♦ ✎ ✍ ✒
❫
✙ ✙ ✗ ❡ ✍ ✒ ✘
✛ ✏ ♦ ✕ ✍ ✚ ✤ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✯ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✙ ✍
❪
✗ ♦ ✎ ✍ ✒
❫
✙ ✎ ✧ ✑ ✚ ✘ ✛ ✏ ♦ ♦ ✑ ✎ ✧ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✤ ✚ ✍ ★ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✧ ✏ ✎ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✕ ✍ ✚ ❡ ✗ ✙ ✓ ✗ ✎ ♦ ✗ ✗ ✒
✏ ✒ ✜ ✎ ♦ ✍ ✤ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✏ ❡ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✍ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✛ ✑ ✒ ✗ ❛ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✤ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✑ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✳
✺ ✳ ✦ ✧ ✗ ★ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✙ ✧ ✑ ✒ ✢ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✍ ✚ ❡ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✎ ✧ ✗ ★ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✙ ✧ ✑ ✒ ✢ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✎ ✍ ✚ q ✔✗
✏ ✚ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✤ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✎ ❡ ✍ ✒ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✳ ❜ ✗ ❡ ✏ ✒ ✧ ✏ ★ ✗ ✍ ✒ ✗ ♦ ✑ ✎ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✎ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✳ ✬ ✒ ✏ ❡ ✍ ✔✤ ✛ ✗ ✯ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✛
✗ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✍ ✚ ❡ ✗ ✑ ✙ ✮ ✗ ✚ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✎ ✍ ✚ q ✔✗ ✑ ✙ ✒ ✍ ✒ ❞ ✮ ✗ ✚ ✍ ✳
✻ ✳ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✎ ✍ ✚ q ✔✗ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✜✙ ✎ ✗ ✣ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✤ ✗ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✍ ✚ ✑ ✢ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✚ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✕ ✍ ✚ ❡ ✗ ✑ ✙
✮ ✗ ✚ ✍ ✳
✱ ✳ ✦ ✧ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✢ ✚ ✏ ★ ✑ ✎ ✜ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✜ ❡ ✍ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✑ ✘ ✗ ✙ ♦ ✑ ✎ ✧ ✑ ✎ ✙ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✚ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✣ ✏ ✙ ✙ ✍ ✒ ✛ ✜ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✢ ✚ ✏ ★ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✛
✕ ✑ ✗ ✛ ✘ ✘ ✍ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✍ ✎ ★ ✏ ✚ ✜ ✕ ✚ ✍ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✗ ✤ ✏ ✚ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✜ ✎ ✍ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✳
❢ ✳ ✦ ✧ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✔✛ ✏ ✚ ✣ ✍ ✣ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✣ ❤ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✔✛ ✏ ✚ ★ ✗ ✛ ✍ ❡ ✑ ✎ ✜ ✐
✐
✏ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✚ ✑ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✏ ✚ ✏ ✛ ✛ ✗ ✛ ★ ✗ ❡ ✎ ✍ ✚ ✙ ✳
❥ ✍ ♦ ✗ ★ ✗ ✚ ✯ ✕ ✍ ✚ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✣ ✤ ✛ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✔✏ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✙ ✘ ✑ ✙ ❡ ✔ ✙ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✧ ✑ ✙ ❡ ✧ ✏ ✤ ✎ ✗ ✚ ♦ ✧ ✗ ✒ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✙ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✔✎ ✏
✕ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✑ ✙ ♦ ✧ ✑ ❡ ✧ ✑ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✖ ✑ ✙ ✍ ✕ ✙ ✜✣ ✣ ✗ ✎ ✚ ✜ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✑ ✢ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✜ ✯ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✗ ✛ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ❤
❦
■
✐
✧ ✍ ✛ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✍ ✍ ✘ ✯
♦ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✗ ■ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✣ ✍ ✣ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✜ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✔ ✎ ✎ ✧ ✗ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✖ ✑ ✙ ✳
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❊ ✞ ❊ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ❊ ☛
✼ ☞ ✌ ● ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✘ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✛ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✜ ✍ ✢ ✛ ✣ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✏ ❡ ✜ ✍ ✍ ✢ ✕ ✤ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✥ ✏ ✙ ❡ ✜ ✍ ✍ ✍ ✢ ✙ ✍ ✗ ✱❡ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✢
✕
❝✦
✏ ❡ ✏ ✖ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✘
❝
✗ ✍ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✚ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✛ ✥ ✏ ✗ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✤
♠ ✧
✔ ✏ ✛ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✘ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✛ ✔ ✘ ✖
✦
✔ ✥ ✤ ✗ ✏ ✕ ✏ ✛ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✍ ✓ ✤
✓ ✍ ✏ ✍ ✗ ✛ ✍ ✥ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏
✦
✔ ✥ ✤ ❧
✼ ☞
★ ■
✗ ✑ ✒ ✏
✩ ✪ ✫
✚ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✕
❝
✓ ✏ ❡ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✏ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✗
✦
✏ ✑
✬
✏ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✗
❝
✕ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✑
✬
✔ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✛ ✍ ✛ ✖
✦
✔
❝
✑
✫ ♠
✭ ✮ ✯ ✜
✫
✯ ✰
✫
✲
✳
✫
✲
✚ ✢
♠
✴ ✍ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✙ ✔ ♦ ✍ ✚ ✖ ✑ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏
✪
✵ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✕
❝
✓ ✏ ❡
✱ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✑ ✖ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✍ ✛ ✖
✦
✔
❝
✑
❣ ✷ ♠ ✷
✑ ✍ ✚ ✏ ✛ ✖ ✛ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✛ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✒ ✤ ✥ ✙ ✔ ✱✏ ✗ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✥
✗ ✏ ✖ ✙ ✓ ✤ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✛ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✚ ✍ ✛ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✕ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✙ ✖ ✑ ✏ ✥ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✛ ✗
❝
✕ ✓ ✏
❝
✛
♠
✼ ☞ ✸ ❆ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✥ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✛ ✛ ✑ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✗ ✥ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✱ ✑ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✓ ✏ ✤ ✚ ✔ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✱
❝
✗ ✍ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✚ ✓ ✤
✬
✍ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✛ ✣ ✏ ✏ ✥ ❱
✔ ✗ ✖ ✛ ✚ ✔ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✔ ✙ ✍
✹
✔ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✙
♠ ■
✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✥ ✱✏ ✑ ✛
❝
✣ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✙
❝
✗ ✛ ✖
✦
✔
❝
✑ ✔ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✓ ✏ ✤ ✍ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✤
✚ ✖ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✙ ❡
✬
✒ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✛ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✣ ✏ ✏ ✥ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏
✪
✵ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✑ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✓ ✏ ✤
✺
✕ ✒ ✍ ✓ ✥ ✢ ✛ ✤ ✛ ✑ ✏ ✚ ❧
✼ ☞ ✻ ❙ ✒ ✔
✬
✑ ✒ ✖ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✖ ✙ ✏ ✖ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✍ ✖ ✗ ✱ ✓ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✥
✦
✏ ✑
✬
✏ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✛ ❛ ✖ ✗ ✥ ❜ ✍ ✛ ✔ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✘
✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✖ ✱ ✗ ✍ ✑
❝
✥ ✏ ✔ ✘ ❛
✽
❜
♠
✼ ☞
✾
❙ ✒ ✔
✬
✑ ✒ ✖ ✑ ❛
☞
✜ ❜
✽ ✿
✢ ✍ ✛ ✏
❀ ❝
✖ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✚ ✖ ✱ ✗ ✍ ✑
❝
✥ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✓
❝
✚ ✏ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✏ ✣ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✥ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✚ ✏ ✥
✔ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✛ ❡ ❛ ❡ ❜ ✖ ✗ ✥
✿ ♠
✼ ☞ ❁ ✴ ✍ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✚ ✣ ✔ ✗ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✛ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✱ ✑ ✒ ✏ ① ❂ ❃ ❂ ❄ ✖ ♦ ✏ ✛ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✱
❝
✓ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✗ ✑
❝
✚ ❅ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✏ ❡
✬
✒ ✔ ✛ ✏ ✣ ✔ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✍ ✛
r ✬
✍ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✚ ✣ ✔ ✗ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✛ ① ❡ ❃ ❡ ❄ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✚ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✗ ✑
❝
✚ ✍ ✛
♣ ✬
✍ ✑ ✒
✕ ✔ ✚ ✣ ✔ ✗ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✛ ❇
❈
❡ ❇
②
✖ ✗ ✥ ❇
③
♠
❙ ✒ ✔
✬
✑ ✒ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✤ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✏ ① ✳ ❃ ✣ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏
✖ ✗ ✱
❝
✓ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✗ ✑
❝
✚ ✒ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✤ ✖ ❄ ✳ ✕ ✔ ✚ ✣ ✔ ✗ ✏ ✗ ✑
♠
✼ ☞✼
❚ ✬
✔ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✛ ❡ ✏ ✖ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✘ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✛
❉
✖ ✗ ✥ ✛ ✣ ✏ ✏ ✥
✈
❡ ✑ ✙ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✗ ✔ ✣ ✣ ✔ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✏ ✥ ✍ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✗ ✛ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✱ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✏ ✓
✓ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✛ ✛ ✏ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✑ ✏ ✥
✦
✤ ✖ ✥ ✍ ✛ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✏ ❞
♠
❙ ✒ ✔
✬
✑ ✒ ✖ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✱
❝
✓ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✗ ✑
❝
✚ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✑
✬
✔
✣ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✛ ✤ ✛ ✑ ✏ ✚ ✍ ✛ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✖ ✚ ✏
✬
✒ ✖ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✙
✦
✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✔ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✖
✦
✔
❝
✑
✬
✒ ✍ ✕ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✱
❝
✓ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✗ ✑
❝
✚
✍ ✛ ✑ ✖
✐
✏ ✗
♠
✼ ☞ ❋ ❆ ✗ ✔ ✗ ✳
❝
✗ ✍ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✚
✦
✖ ✙ ✔ ✘
✬
✏ ✍ ✱ ✒ ✑ ❲ ✍ ✛ ✛
❝
✛ ✣ ✏ ✗ ✥ ✏ ✥ ✖ ✑ ✙ ✏ ✛ ✑
✦
✤ ✑
✬
✔ ✛ ✑ ✙ ✍ ✗ ✱ ✛ ✔ ✘ ✗ ✏ ✱ ✓ ✍ ✱ ✍
✦
✓ ✏
✬
✏ ✍ ✱ ✒ ✑ ✖ ✛ ✛ ✒ ✔
✬
✗ ✍ ✗ ✴ ✍ ✱
♠
✮
♠ ❣
✇
♠ ❚
✒ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✱ ✓ ✏ ✛ ✚ ✖ ✥ ✏
✦
✤ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✑ ✙ ✍ ✗ ✱ ✛
✬
✍ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✖ ✙ ✏
❣ ❍ ♠
✇
➦
✖ ✗ ✥
✷ ❣ ♠ ✫ ➦
✙ ✏ ✛ ✣ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✤
♠ ❚
✒ ✏
✦
✖ ✙ ✍ ✛ ✭ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✱
♠ ✪
✖ ✓ ✕
❝
✓ ✖ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✥ ✍ ✛ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✏ ❞ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏
✕ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✘ ✱ ✙ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✤ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏
✦
✖ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✚ ✍ ✑ ✛ ✓ ✏ ✘ ✑ ✏ ✗ ✥
♠
❏ ❑ ▲ ▼ ◆ ▼❖◗
✼ ☞
❘
❆ ✕ ✖ ✙
✬
✏ ✍ ✱ ✒ ✛
✫ ❯
✲ ✲
✐
✱
♠ ❚
✒ ✏ ✥ ✍ ✛ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✏
✦
✏ ✑
✬
✏ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✛ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✥
✦
✖ ✕
✐
✖ ♦ ✓ ✏ ✛ ✍ ✛
✫ ♠ ❯
✚
♠ ■
✑ ✛
✕ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✘ ✱ ✙ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✤ ✍ ✛
✫ ♠
✲
✷
✚
✦
✏ ✒ ✍ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✗ ✑ ✖ ♦ ✓ ✏
♠ ✧
✏ ✑ ✏ ✙ ✚ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✕ ✏ ✏ ♦ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✏ ✥
✦
✤ ✑ ✒ ✏
✓ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✱ ✙ ✔
❝
✗ ✥ ✔ ✗ ✏ ✖ ✕ ✒ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✗ ✑
✬
✒ ✏ ✏ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✏ ✖ ✕ ✒
✦
✖ ✕
✐ ✬
✒ ✏ ✏ ✓
♠
✼ ☞ ✌ ❳ ✜ ✖ ✢ ✴ ✍ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✔ ✘ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✖ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✛ ✣ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✖
✦
✔
❝
✑ ✖ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✱✏ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✣ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✏ ❡ ✱ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✏
✚ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✔ ✘ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✖ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✣ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✖
✦
✔
❝
✑ ✖ ✗ ✤ ✔ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✛ ✥ ✍ ✖ ✚ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✙ ✛ ✑ ✔
✦
✏ ✭
❨ ❩
❬
❭ ✷
❡
✬
✒ ✏ ✙ ✏
❨
✍ ✛ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✛ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✣ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✥
❩
✍ ✛ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✖ ✥ ✍
❝
✛ ✔ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✛ ✣ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✏
♠
✜
✦
✢ ● ✍ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✔ ✘ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✖ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✥ ✍ ✛ ✕ ✔ ✘ ✚ ✖ ✛ ✛
❨
✖ ✗ ✥ ✙ ✖ ✥ ✍
❝
✛
❩
✖
✦
✔
❝
✑ ✖ ✗ ✤ ✔ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✛
✥ ✍ ✖ ✚ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✙ ✛ ✑ ✔
✦
✏
❨ ❩
❬
❭ ❪
❡ ✘ ✍ ✗ ✥ ✍ ✑ ✛ ✚ ✔ ✚ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✔ ✘ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✍ ✖ ✖
✦
✔
❝
✑ ✖ ✗ ✖ ♦ ✍ ✛ ✗ ✔ ✙ ✚ ✖ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✏
✥ ✍ ✛ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✣ ✖ ✛ ✛ ✍ ✗ ✱ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✔
❝
✱ ✒ ✖ ✣ ✔ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✛ ✏ ✥ ✱✏
♠
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✼ ✾
✌ ✍✎ ✎ ✏ ♦ r ✑ ✒✓ ✔ ♦ ✕ ✓ ✑ ✒✖ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✒✢ ✓ ✖ r ✓ ✖ ❡ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✓ ✢ ✜ ♦ ✖ ✣ ♦ ✗ ✗ ♦ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✓ r ✖ ✚ ✢ ✖ ✔ ♦ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✔ ❡ ✣ ✓ r ✓ ✧ ★ ♦ ✜ ✣
✣ ✖
❤
✛ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✘ ✓ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✔ ✖ ✚ ✢ r ✖ ✢ ✛ ✒✔
✩
✏ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✦✗ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✓ r ✛ ✔ ✕ r ✓ ✓ ✜ ♦ r ♦ ✜ ✖ ✜ ✓ ✖ ★ ♦ ✒✜ ✛ ✜ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✢ ✖ r ✢
✖
❛
✛ ✔ ♦ ✕ ✔ ✦ ✘ ✘ ✓ ✜ r ✦ ✧ ✖ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✣ ✓ r ✓ ✛ ✔ ✕ r ✓ ✓ ✜ ♦ r ♦ ✜ ✖ ✜ ✓ ✖ ★ ♦ ✒ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✖
❛
✛ ✔ ❡ ✖ ✔ ✔ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✣ r ♦ ✒✙✣ ✛ ✜ ✔
✥ ✓ ✚ ✜ r ✓
✩
❝ ✣ ✛ ✥ ✣ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✜ ✤ ♦ ✤ ✛ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✛ r ✓ ✖ ✙r ✓ ✖ ✜ ✓ r ✖ ✚ ✙ ✒✗ ✖ r ✔ ❡ ✓ ✓ ✢ ✖ ✕ ✜ ✓ r ✖ ✙✛
❤
✓ ✚ ✜ ✛ ✘ ✓
✩
✌ ✍✎
✪ ❆
✔ ♦ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✥ ✦✗ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✓ r ♦ ✕ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✔
✫ ✬ ✭
✙ r ♦ ✜ ✖ ✜ ✓ ✔ ✖ ★ ♦ ✒ ✜ ✛ ✜ ✔ ✖
❛
✛ ✔ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✒✗ ✖ r ✔ ❡ ✓ ✓ ✢
✮ ✬ ✬
r ✖ ✢ ✔
✲ ✮
✩
✏ ✣ ✓ r ✖ ✢ ✛ ✒ ✔ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✓ r ✛ ✔
✬ ✩ ✫ ✯
✘
✩
❝ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✣ ✓
✭
✛ ✚ ✓ ✜ ✛ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✓ r ✙ ✦ ✖ ✔ ✔ ♦ ✥ ✛ ✖ ✜ ✓ ✢ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✓
r ♦ ✜ ✖ ✜ ✛ ♦ ✚ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✦✗ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✓ r ✰ ❝ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✘ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✒✢ ✓ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✒✗ ✖ r ✘ ♦ ✘ ✓ ✚ ✜ ✒✘ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✓ r
✖ ★ ♦ ✒ ✜ ✛ ✜ ✔ ✖
❛
✛ ✔ ✰
✌ ✍✎ ✱ ✳ ✖ ✴
❆
✥ ✣ ✛ ✗ ✢ ✔ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✢ ✔ ✖ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✜ r ✓ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✒ r ✚ ✜ ✖ ★ ✗ ✓ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✣ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✤ ♦ ✖ r ✘ ✔ ♦ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✜ r ✓ ✜ ✥ ✣ ✓ ✢
✩
✏ ✣ ✓
✜ ✒r ✚ ✜ ✖ ★ ✗ ✓ ✛ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✜ r ♦ ✜ ✖ ✜ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✖ ✚ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✒✗ ✖ r ✔ ❡ ✓ ✓ ✢ ♦ ✕
♥ ✬
r ✓
❤ ✵
✘ ✛ ✚
✩ ✷
♦ ✤ ✘ ✒ ✥ ✣ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✣ ✓
✖ ✚ ✙ ✒ ✗ ✖ r ✔ ❡ ✓ ✓ ✢ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✣ ✛ ✗ ✢ ✛ ✕ ✣ ✓ ✕ ♦ ✗ ✢ ✔ ✣ ✛ ✔ ✣ ✖ ✚ ✢ ✔ ★ ✖ ✥
✭
✖ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✓ r ✓ ★ ✦ r ✓ ✢ ✒ ✥ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✛ ✔
✘ ♦ ✘ ✓ ✚ ✜ ♦ ✕ ✛ ✚ ✓ r ✜ ✛ ✖ ✜ ♦
✫ ✵ ✯
✜ ✛ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✛ ✖ ✗
❤
✖ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✰
❆
✔ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✜ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✜ ✒ r ✚ ✜ ✖ ★ ✗ ✓
r ♦ ✜ ✖ ✜ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✣ ♦ ✒ ✜ ✕ r ✛ ✥ ✜ ✛ ♦ ✚
✩
✳ ★ ✴
✸
✣ ♦ ✤ ✜ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✣ ✛ ✗ ✢
✹
✔ ✚ ✓ ✤
✭
✛ ✚ ✓ ✜ ✛ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✓ r ✙ ✦ ♦ ✕ r ♦ ✜ ✖ ✜ ✛ ♦ ✚ ✛ ✔ ✘ ♦ r ✓ ✜ ✣ ✖ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✛ ✖ ✗
✭
✛ ✚ ✓ ✜ ✛ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✓ r ✙ ✦ ♦ ✕ r ♦ ✜ ✖ ✜ ✛ ♦ ✚
✩ ✷
♦ ✤ ✢ ♦ ✦♦ ✒ ✖ ✥ ✥ ♦ ✒✚ ✜ ✕ ♦ r ✜ ✣ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✚ ✥ r ✓ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✛ ✚
✭
✛ ✚ ✓ ✜ ✛ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✓ r ✙ ✦ ✰
✌ ✍✎ ✺
❆
r ♦ ❡ ✓ ♦ ✕ ✚ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✛ ✙✛ ★ ✗ ✓ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✔ ✛ ✔ ✤ ♦ ✒ ✚ ✢ r ♦ ✒✚ ✢ ✖ ✣ ♦ ✗ ✗ ♦ ✤ ✥ ✦✗ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✓ r ♦ ✕ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✔ ✻
✭
✙ ✖ ✚ ✢ r ✖ ✢ ✛ ✒✔
♥ ✬
✥ ✘
✩
❝ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✒✗ ✖ r ✖ ✥ ✥ ✓ ✗ ✓ r ✖ ✜ ✛ ♦ ✚ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✦✗ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✓ r ✛ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ r ♦ ❡ ✓ ✛ ✔ ❡ ✒ ✗ ✗ ✓ ✢ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✖
✕ ♦ r ✥ ✓ ♦ ✕ ✻
✬ ❢
✰ ❝ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✓ ✖ r ✖ ✥ ✥ ✓ ✗ ✓ r ✖ ✜ ✛ ♦ ✚ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ r ♦ ❡ ✓ ✰
❆
✔ ✔ ✒✘ ✓ ✜ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✓ r ✓ ✛ ✔ ✚ ♦
✔ ✗ ✛ ❡ ❡ ✛ ✚ ✙
✩
✌ ✍✎
✽
✏ ♦ ✘ ✖ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✛ ✚ ✖ r ♦ ✜ ♦ r ✖ ✜ ✖ ✒ ✚ ✛ ✕ ♦ r ✘ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✒✗ ✖ r ✔ ❡ ✓ ✓ ✢ ♦ r
✫ ✬ ✬
r ✖ ✢ ✔
✲ ✮
✧ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✓ ✚ ✓ ✓ ✢ ✔ ✜ ♦
✜ r ✖ ✚ ✔ ✘ ✛ ✜ ✖ ✜ ♦ r ✑ ✒✓ ♦ ✕
✮ q ✬ ❢
✘
✩
❝ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✣ ✓ ❡ ♦ ✤ ✓ r r ✓ ✑ ✒✛ r ✓ ✢ ★ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✓ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✓ ✰
✳
❢
♦ ✜ ✓ ✿ ✒✚ ✛ ✕ ♦ r ✘ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✒✗ ✖ r
❤
✓ ✗ ♦ ✥ ✛ ✜ ✦ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✖ ★ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✥ ✓ ♦ ✕ ✕ r ✛ ✥ ✜ ✛ ♦ ✚ ✛ ✘ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✓ ✔ ♠ ✓ r ♦ ✜ ♦ r ✑ ✒✓
✩
❀ ✚
❡ r ✖ ✥ ✜ ✛ ✥ ✓ ✧ ✖ ❡ ❡ ✗ ✛ ✓ ✢ ✜ ♦ r ✑ ✒ ✓ ✛ ✔ ✚ ✓ ✓ ✢ ✓ ✢ ✜ ♦ ✥ ♦ ✒✚ ✜ ✓ r ✕ r ✛ ✥ ✜ ✛ ♦ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✜ ♦ r ✑ ✒✓ ✴
✩ ❆
✔ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✜ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✓
✓ ✚ ✙✛ ✚ ✓ ✛ ✔
✮ ✬ ✬ ❁
✓ ✕ ✕ ✛ ✥ ✛ ✓ ✚ ✜
✩
✌ ✍✎ ❂ ❋ r ♦ ✘ ✖ ✒✚ ✛ ✕ ♦ r ✘ ✢ ✛ ✔
✭
♦ ✕ r ✖ ✢ ✛ ✒✔ ❘ ✧ ✖ ✥ ✛ r ✥ ✒✗ ✖ r ✣ ♦ ✗ ✓ ♦ ✕ r ✖ ✢ ✛ ✒✔ ❘
✵ ✫
✛ ✔ ✥ ✒✜ ♦ ✒ ✜
✩
✏ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✜ r ✓
♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✣ ♦ ✗ ✓ ✛ ✔ ✖ ✜ ❘
✵ ✫
✕ r ♦ ✘ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✜ r ✓ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ♦ r ✛ ✙✛ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✢ ✛ ✔ ✥
✩
❃ ♦ ✥ ✖ ✜ ✓ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✜ r ✓ ♦ ✕ ✙ r ✖
❤
✛ ✜ ✦
♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ r ✓ ✔ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✜ ★ ♦ ✢ ✦
✩
✌ ✍✎ ✌
❆
✘ ✓ ✜ r ✓ ✔ ✜ ✛ ✥
✭
✛ ✔ ★ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✥ ✓ ✢ ♦ ✚ ✖
✭
✚ ✛ ✕ ✓ ✓ ✢ ✙✓ ✖ ✜ ✛ ✜ ✔ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✜ r ✓
✩
❝ ✣ ✓ ✚ ✜ ✤ ♦ ✥ ♦ ✛ ✚ ✔ ✧ ✓ ✖ ✥ ✣ ♦ ✕ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✔
✯
✙ ✖ r ✓ ❡ ✒ ✜ ♦ ✚ ✓ ♦ ✚ ✜ ♦ ❡ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ♦ ✜ ✣ ✓ r ✖ ✜ ✜ ✣ ✓
✮ ✫ ✩ ✬
✥ ✘ ✘ ✖ r
✭
✧ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✛ ✥
✭
✛ ✔ ✕ ♦ ✒ ✚ ✢ ✜ ♦ ★ ✓
★ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✥ ✓ ✢ ✖ ✜
♥ ✯ ✩ ✬
✥ ✘
✩
❝ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✔ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✘ ✓ ✜ r ✓ ✔ ✜ ✛ ✥
✭
✰
✌ ✍✎ ❄
❆
✔ ♦ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✔ ❡ ✣ ✓ r ✓ r ♦ ✗ ✗ ✔ ✢ ♦ ✤ ✚ ✜ ✤ ♦ ✢ ✛ ✕ ✕ ✓ r ✓ ✚ ✜ ✛ ✚ ✥ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✓ ✢ ❡ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✔ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✘ ✓ ✣ ✓ ✛ ✙ ✣ ✜ ✔ ★ ✒ ✜
✢ ✛ ✕ ✕ ✓ r ✓ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✔ ♦ ✕ ✛ ✚ ✥ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✖ ✜ ✛ ♦ ✚
✩
✳ ✖ ✴ ❝ ✛ ✗ ✗ ✛ ✜ r ✓ ✖ ✥ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✓ ★ ♦ ✜ ✜ ♦ ✘ ✤ ✛ ✜ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✘ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✓ ✓ ✢ ✛ ✚
✓ ✖ ✥ ✣ ✥ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✰ ✳ ★ ✴ ❝ ✛ ✗ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✖
✭
✓ ✗ ♦ ✚ ✙✓ r ✜ ♦ r ♦ ✗ ✗ ✢ ♦ ✤ ✚ ♦ ✚ ✓ ❡ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✜ ✣ ✖ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✓ ♦ ✜ ✣ ✓ r ✰ ✳ ✥ ✴ ❀ ✕ ✔ ♦ ✧
✤ ✣ ✛ ✥ ✣ ♦ ✚ ✓ ✖ ✚ ✢ ✤ ✣ ✦ ✰
✌ ✍✎
❅ ❆
✣ ♦ ♦ ❡ ♦ ✕ r ✖ ✢ ✛ ✒ ✔
✫
✘ ✤ ✓ ✛ ✙ ✣ ✔
✮ ✬ ✬ ✭
✙
✩
❀ ✜ r ♦ ✗ ✗ ✔ ✖ ✗ ♦ ✚ ✙ ✖ ✣ ♦ r ✛ ♠ ♦ ✚ ✜ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✗ ♦ ♦ r ✔ ♦ ✜ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✛ ✜ ✔ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✜ r ✓
♦ ✕ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✔ ✣ ✖ ✔ ✖ ✔ ❡ ✓ ✓ ✢ ♦ ✕
✫ ✬
✥ ✘
✵
✔
✩ ✷
♦ ✤ ✘ ✒ ✥ ✣ ✤ ♦ r
✭
✣ ✖ ✔ ✜ ♦ ★ ✓ ✢ ♦ ✚ ✓ ✜ ♦ ✔ ✜ ♦ ❡ ✛ ✜ ✰
✌ ✍
✪
❇ ✏ ✣ ✓ ♦
❛
✦✙✓ ✚ ✘ ♦ ✗ ✓ ✥ ✒✗ ✓ ✣ ✖ ✔ ✖ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✔ ♦ ✕
✯ ✩
✻
✬
❈
✮ ✬
❉ ❊ ●
✭
✙ ✖ ✚ ✢ ✖ ✘ ♦ ✘ ✓ ✚ ✜ ♦ ✕ ✛ ✚ ✓ r ✜ ✛ ✖ ♦ ✕
✮ ✩ ❍ ♥
❈
✮ ✬
❉
■
●
✭
✙ ✘
❊
✖ ★ ♦ ✒ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✖
❛
✛ ✔ ✜ ✣ r ♦ ✒ ✙✣ ✛ ✜ ✔ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✜ r ✓ ❡ ✓ r ❡ ✓ ✚ ✢ ✛ ✥ ✒✗ ✖ r ✜ ♦ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✓ ✔
❏
♦ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✙
✜ ✣ ✓ ✜ ✤ ♦ ✖ ✜ ♦ ✘ ✔
✩ ✸
✒❡ ❡ ♦ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✘ ✓ ✖ ✚ ✔ ❡ ✓ ✓ ✢ ♦ ✕ ✔ ✒✥ ✣ ✖ ✘ ♦ ✗ ✓ ✥ ✒ ✗ ✓ ✛ ✚ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✔ ✛ ✔
✯ ✬ ✬
✘
✵
✔ ✖ ✚ ✢
✜ ✣ ✖ ✜ ✛ ✜ ✔
✭
✛ ✚ ✓ ✜ ✛ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✓ r ✙ ✦ ♦ ✕ r ♦ ✜ ✖ ✜ ✛ ♦ ✚ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✤ ♦ ✜ ✣ ✛ r ✢ ✔ ♦ ✕ ✛ ✜ ✔
✭
✛ ✚ ✓ ✜ ✛ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✓ r ✙ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✜ r ✖ ✚ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✜ ✛ ♦ ✚
✩
❋ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✖
❤
✓ r ✖ ✙✓ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✒✗ ✖ r
❤
✓ ✗ ♦ ✥ ✛ ✜ ✦ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✘ ♦ ✗ ✓ ✥ ✒✗ ✓
✩
✌ ✍
✪
✎
❆
✔ ♦ ✗ ✛ ✢ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✓ r r ♦ ✗ ✗ ✔ ✒ ❡ ✖ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✥ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✓ ✢ ❡ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✓ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✓ ♦ ✕ ✛ ✚ ✥ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✖ ✜ ✛ ♦ ✚ ✻
✬
➦
✩ ❆
✜ ✜ ✣ ✓ ★ ♦ ✜ ✜ ♦ ✘
♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✛ ✚ ✥ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✓ ✢ ❡ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✚ ✜ r ✓ ♦ ✕ ✘ ✖ ✔ ✔ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✦✗ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✓ r ✣ ✖ ✔ ✖ ✔ ❡ ✓ ✓ ✢ ♦ ✕
✯
✘
✵
✔
✩
✳ ✖ ✴
✷
♦ ✤ ✕ ✖ r ✤ ✛ ✗ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✓ r ✙♦ ✒❡ ✜ ✣ ✓ ❡ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✰
✳ ★ ✴
✷
♦ ✤ ✗ ♦ ✚ ✙ ✤ ✛ ✗ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✜ ✖
✭
✓ ✜ ♦ r ✓ ✜ ✒r ✚ ✜ ♦ ✜ ✣ ✓ ★ ♦ ✜ ✜ ♦ ✘ ✰
❑ ▲ ▲ ▼ ◆ ▼ ❖ P◗ ❯ ❱ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ▼ ❬ ❳ ❬
✌ ✍
✪ ✪ ❆
✔ ✔ ✣ ♦ ✤ ✚ ✛ ✚ ❋ ✛ ✙
✩
❭
✩ ♥ ✬
✧ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✜ ✤ ♦ ✔ ✛ ✢ ✓ ✔ ♦ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✜ ✓ ❡ ✗ ✖ ✢ ✢ ✓ r ❪
❆
✖ ✚ ✢ ❫
❆
✖ r ✓
✮ ✩
❴ ✘ ✗ ♦ ✚ ✙ ✖ ✚ ✢
✣ ✛ ✚ ✙✓ ✢ ✖ ✜
❆✩ ❆
r ♦ ❡ ✓
❵ ❜
✧
✬ ✩ ✯
✘ ✛ ✔ ✜ ✛ ✓ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✤ ✖ ✦ ✒ ❡
✩ ❆
✤ ✓ ✛ ✙✣ ✜
♥ ✬ ✭
✙ ✛ ✔ ✔ ✒✔ ❡ ✓ ✚ ✢ ✓ ✢ ✕ r ♦ ✘
✖ ❡ ♦ ✛ ✚ ✜ ❋ ✧
✮ ✩ ✫
✘ ✕ r ♦ ✘ ❪ ✖ ✗ ♦ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✗ ✖ ✢ ✢ ✓ r ❪
❆✩ ❆
✔ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✗ ♦ ♦ r ✜ ♦ ★ ✓ ✕ r ✛ ✥ ✜ ✛ ♦ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✔
✖ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✓ ✥ ✜ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✤ ✓ ✛ ✙✣ ✜ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✗ ✖ ✢ ✢ ✓ r ✧ ✕ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✜ ✓ ✚ ✔ ✛ ♦ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✓ r ♦ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✚ ✢ ✕ ♦ r ✥ ✓ ✔
✓
❛
✓ r ✜ ✓ ✢ ★ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✕ ✗ ♦ ♦ r ♦ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✗ ✖ ✢ ✢ ✓ r
✩
✳ ✏ ✖
✭
✓
❣ ❞ ❍ ✩ q
✘
✵
✔
❊
✴
✳
✷
✛ ✚ ✜ ✿ ❫ ♦ ✚ ✔ ✛ ✢ ✓ r ✜ ✣ ✓ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✛ ✗ ✛ ★ r ✛ ✒ ✘ ♦ ✕ ✓ ✖ ✥ ✣ ✔ ✛ ✢ ✓ ♦ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✓ ✗ ✖ ✢ ✢ ✓ r ✔ ✓ ❡ ✖ r ✖ ✜ ✓ ✗ ✦
✩
✴
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❋ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☛ ☞
✼ ✌ ✍ ✎ ❆ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✔ ♦ ✒ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✑ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✏ ♠ ✜ ♦ ✔ ✢ ✢ ♦ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✗ ❡ ✔ ✣ ✢ ❡ ✕ ✢ ✖ ✗ ♦ ✤ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✚ ✚ ✥ ✢ ✖ ✚ ✕ ♦ ✒ ✘ ✑
✺ ✦
✘ ✜ ❡ ♦ ✘✢ ✔ ♦ ✒ ❡ ✑ ✣ ✢ ✢ ✑ ✒ ✕
✧ ★
✢ ❡ ✑ ✒ ✘
✩
✚ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✙ ❡ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✑ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✏ ♦ ✓
✪ ✫
✗ ❡
✬
✖ ✚
✩
✔ ♦ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✙ ❡ ✗
✏ ♦ ✒
✩
✔ ❡
✧ ★
✢ ❡ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✒
✭
✗ ♦ ✒ ✘✓ ✢ ♦ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✓ ✣ ✚ ✖ ✓ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✢ ♦ ✓
✭
✖ ✕ ✥ ✜ ♦ ✔ ✢ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✕ ♦ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✣ ❡ ✖ ✛ ❡ ✑ ✣ ✢
✜ ❡ ♦ ✘✢ ✔ ✛ ✗ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✑ ✮ ♦ ✓ ✣ ✢ ✑ ✒ ✘ ♦ ✒ ✘ ✛ ✗ ✖ ✏ ✯
✫
✣ ✏ ✔ ✖ ✰
✫
✣ ✏
✧ ★
✢ ❡ ✏ ✖ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✛ ♦ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✔ ♦ ✑ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡
✏ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✘❡ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✗ ✜ ♦ ✔ ✢ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✑ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✑ ✥
✭
❡ ✔ ✑
✦
❡ ✒ ✔ ✖
✭
❡ ✣ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✕ ❡ ✱
✩
✑ ✚ ✔ ✖ ✲
✧
✳
✦
✘ ✏
✷
✧
✴
✑
✵ ✸
✢ ✑ ✔ ♦ ✓ ✢ ♦ ✓ ✒ ❡ ✜ ✑ ✒ ✘
✩
✚ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✙ ❡ ❡ ✕
✹ ✴ ✻
❡ ✘✚ ❡ ✣ ✔ ✛ ✗ ♦ ✣ ✔ ♦ ✖ ✒
✧ ✵
✴ ✭ ✵
✽✓
✦
♦ ✒ ❡ ✔ ♦ ✣ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✘✥ ✣ ✖ ✒ ✓ ❡ ✗
✬
❡ ✕ ♦ ✒ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✙ ✗ ✖ ✣ ❡ ✓ ✓
✹
✽✛ ✒ ✖ ✔ ♠ ✛ ✗ ✖ ✏ ✜ ✢ ❡ ✗ ❡ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✓ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✣ ✢ ✑ ✒ ✘ ❡
✣ ✖ ✏ ❡ ✑
✭
✖
✩
✔
✹
✼ ✌✍
✾
❆
✭ ✩
✚ ✚ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✛ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✓
✿ ✫
✘ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✙ ❡ ❡ ✕
✺ ✫ ✫
✏
❀
✓ ♦ ✓ ✛ ♦ ✗ ❡ ✕ ♦ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✘ ❡ ✔ ✓ ❡ ✏
✭
❡ ✕ ✕ ❡ ✕
❡ ✮ ✑ ✣ ✔ ✚ ✥ ✑ ✔ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✣ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✗ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✗
✧ ★
✢ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✗ ♦ ✓
✿ ✧ ✫
✏ ✜ ♦ ✕ ❡ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✜ ❡ ♦ ✘ ✢ ✓
✿
✰
✦
✘
✧
✽ ✔ ♦ ✓
✢ ♦ ✒ ✘ ❡ ✕ ✑ ✔ ✖ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✔ ❡ ✓ ✑
✭
✖
✩
✔ ✑
✬
❡ ✗ ✔ ♦ ✣ ✑ ✚ ✑ ✮ ♦ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✑ ✣ ✔ ♦ ✣ ✑ ✚ ✚ ✥ ✜ ♦ ✔ ✢ ✖
✩
✔ ✛ ✗ ♦ ✣ ✔ ♦ ✖ ✒
✧
❁ ♦ ✒ ✕
✔ ✢ ❡ ✑ ✒ ✘
✩
✚ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✙ ❡ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✗
t ✩
✓ ✔ ✑ ✛ ✔ ❡ ✗ ✔ ✢ ❡
✭ ✩
✚ ✚ ❡ ✔ ❡ ✏
✭
❡ ✕ ✓ ♦ ✒ ✔ ✖ ♦ ✔
✧
✴
❂ ♦ ✒ ✔ ❃
★
✢ ❡ ✏ ✖ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✛ ♦ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✔ ♦ ✑ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✖ ✗ ✑
✭
✖
✩
✔ ✔ ✢ ❡
✬
❡ ✗ ✔ ♦ ✣ ✑ ✚ ✑ ✮ ♦ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✖ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✒ ✕ ♦ ✓ ▼ ❄
✷
❀ ✪ ✧ ✵
✼ ✌ ✍
❅ ★
✜ ✖ ✕ ♦ ✓ ✣ ✓ ✖ ✛ ✏ ✖ ✏ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✓ ✖ ✛ ♦ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✔ ♦ ✑
■
✿
✑ ✒ ✕
■
✰
✑
✭
✖
✩
✔ ✔ ✢ ❡ ♦ ✗ ✗ ❡ ✓ ✙ ❡ ✣ ✔ ♦
✬
❡ ✑ ✮ ❡ ✓
✴
✒ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✑ ✚ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✢ ❡
✕ ♦ ✓ ✣ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✑ ✓ ✓ ♦ ✒ ✘ ✔ ✢ ✗ ✖
✩
✘✢ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✣ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✗ ❡
✵
♠ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✔ ♦ ✒ ✘ ✜ ♦ ✔ ✢ ✑ ✒ ✘
✩
✚ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✙ ❡ ❡ ✕ ✓
❇
✿
✑ ✒ ✕
❇
✰
✑ ✗ ❡
✭
✗ ✖
✩
✘✢ ✔ ♦ ✒ ✔ ✖ ✣ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✣ ✔ ✛ ✑ ✣ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✣ ❡ ✜ ♦ ✔ ✢ ✔ ✢ ❡ ♦ ✗ ✑ ✮ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✛ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✔ ♦ ✖ ✒ ✣ ✖ ♦ ✒ ✣ ♦ ✕ ❡ ✒ ✔
✧ ✴
✑
✵ ✸
✢ ✑ ✔
♦ ✓ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✑ ✒ ✘
✩
✚ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✙ ❡ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✔ ✜ ✖ ✐ ✕ ♦ ✓ ✣ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✏
✹ ✴ ✭ ✵
❈ ✢ ✖ ✜ ✔ ✢ ✑ ✔ ✔ ✢ ❡
✦
♦ ✒ ❡ ✔ ♦ ✣ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✘✥ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡
✣ ✖ ✏
✭
♦ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✓ ✥ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✏ ♦ ✓ ✚ ❡ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✢ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✓
✩
✏ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡ ♦ ✒ ♦ ✔ ♦ ✑ ✚
✦
♦ ✒ ❡ ✔ ♦ ✣ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✘♦ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✔ ✜ ✖ ✕ ♦ ✓ ✣ ✓
✧
❂ ✖ ✜ ✕ ✖ ✥ ✖
✩
✑ ✣ ✣ ✖
✩
✒ ✔ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✢ ♦ ✓ ✚ ✖ ✓ ✓ ♦ ✒ ❡ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✘✥
✹ ★
✑
✦
❡
❇
✿
❉
❇
✰
✧
✼ ✌ ✍ ❊
✴
✑
✵
● ✗ ✖
✬
❡ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✖ ✗ ❡ ✏ ✖ ✛ ✙ ❡ ✗ ✙ ❡ ✒ ✕ ♦ ✣
✩
✚ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✮ ❡ ✓
✧
✴
❂ ♦ ✒ ✔ ❃ ❈ ✱
✩
✑ ✗ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✕ ♦ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✣ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✙ ✖ ♦ ✒ ✔
✴
①❍ ❏
✵
♦ ✒ ✔ ✢ ❡ ① ❑ ❏ ✙ ✚ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✮ ♦ ✓ ✔ ✢ ✗ ✖
✩
✘✢
✔ ✢ ❡ ✖ ✗ ♦ ✘ ♦ ✒ ✙ ❡ ✗ ✙ ❡ ✒ ✕ ♦ ✣
✩
✚ ✑ ✗ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✑ ✒ ❡ ♦ ✓ ①
▲
◆
❏
▲
✵ ✧
✴ ✭ ✵
● ✗ ✖
✬
❡ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✖ ✗ ❡ ✏ ✖ ✛ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✚ ✚ ❡ ✚ ✑ ✮ ❡ ✓
✧
✴
❂ ♦ ✒ ✔ ❃ ✽✛ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✣ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✗ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✓ ♦ ✓ ✣ ✢ ✖ ✓ ❡ ✒ ✔ ✖
✭
❡ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✖ ✗ ♦ ✘♦ ✒
❖
◗ ◗
❘ ❙
❚
r ).
✼ ✌ ✍ ✼ ● ✗ ✖
✬
❡ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✗ ❡ ✓
✩
✚ ✔ ✔ ✢ ✑ ✔ ✔ ✢ ❡
✬
❡ ✚ ✖ ✣ ♦ ✔ ✥
✈
✖ ✛ ✔ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✑ ✔ ♦ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✚ ♦ ✒ ✘
✭
✖ ✕ ✥
✴
✚ ♦
✦
❡ ✑ ✗ ♦ ✒ ✘♠ ✕ ♦ ✓ ✣ ♠
✣ ✥✚ ♦ ✒ ✕ ❡ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✢ ❡ ✗ ❡
✵
✑ ✔ ✔ ✢ ❡
✭
✖ ✔ ✔ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✒ ♦ ✒ ✣ ✚ ♦ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✢ ❡ ♦ ✘✢ ✔ ❤ ♦ ✓ ✘♦
✬
❡ ✒
✭
✥
❯ ❱
❲
❲ ❲
❳
❨ ❩
❣ ❬
❭
❦ ❪
❙
❫
✩
✓ ♦ ✒ ✘ ✕ ✥✒ ✑ ✏ ♦ ✣ ✑ ✚ ✣ ✖ ✒ ✓ ♦ ✕ ❡ ✗ ✑ ✔ ♦ ✖ ✒
✴
♦
✧
❡
✧ ✭
✥ ✣ ✖ ✒ ✓ ♦ ✕ ❡ ✗ ✑ ✔ ♦ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✛ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✣ ❡ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✱
✩
❡ ✓
✵ ✧ ✻
✖ ✔ ❡
❴
♦ ✓
✔ ✢ ❡ ✗ ✑ ✕ ♦
✩
✓ ✖ ✛ ✘✥ ✗ ✑ ✔ ♦ ✖ ✒ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡
✭
✖ ✕ ✥ ✑
✭
✖
✩
✔ ♦ ✔ ✓ ✓ ✥✏ ✏ ❡ ✔ ✗ ✥ ✑ ✮ ♦ ✓ ♠ ✑ ✒ ✕
❵
♦ ✓ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✗ ✑ ✕ ♦
✩
✓ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡
✭
✖ ✕ ✥
✧ ★
✢ ❡
✭
✖ ✕ ✥ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✗ ✔ ✓ ✛ ✗ ✖ ✏ ✗ ❡ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✔ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✔ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✑ ✒ ❡
✧
✼ ✌ ✍
❛
❆ ✕ ♦ ✓ ✣ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✔ ♦ ✒ ✘ ✑
✭
✖
✩
✔ ♦ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✮ ♦ ✓ ✜ ♦ ✔ ✢ ✑ ✒ ✘
✩
✚ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✙ ❡ ❡ ✕
❇
❜
♦ ✓ ✙ ✚ ✑ ✣ ❡ ✕ ✚ ♦ ✘✢ ✔ ✚ ✥
✴
✜ ♦ ✔ ✢ ✖
✩
✔ ✑ ✒ ✥
✔ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✑ ✔ ♦ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✚ ✙
✩
✓ ✢
✵
✖ ✒ ✑ ✙ ❡ ✗ ✛ ❡ ✣ ✔ ✚ ✥ ✛ ✗ ♦ ✣ ✔ ♦ ✖ ✒ ✚ ❡ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✑
✭
✚ ❡
✧ ★
✢ ❡ ✗ ✑ ✕ ♦
✩
✓ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✕ ♦ ✓ ✣ ♦ ✓
❝ ✧ ✸
✢ ✑ ✔
✑ ✗ ❡ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✚ ♦ ✒ ❡ ✑ ✗
✬
❡ ✚ ✖ ✣ ♦ ✔ ♦ ❡ ✓ ✖ ✛ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✙ ✖ ♦ ✒ ✔ ✓ ❆ ♠ ❞ ✑ ✒ ✕ ❢ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✕ ♦ ✓ ✣ ✓ ✢ ✖ ✜ ✒ ♦ ✒
❁ ♦ ✘
✧
✲
✧ ❥ ✿ ✹ ✸
♦ ✚ ✚ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✕ ♦ ✓ ✣ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✚ ♦ ✒ ✔ ✢ ❡ ✕ ♦ ✗ ❡ ✣ ✔ ♦ ✖ ✒ ♦ ✒ ✕ ♦ ✣ ✑ ✔ ❡ ✕
✹
❙   ❙ ✁ ✂ ✄ ❙ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✁ ❚ ✠ ✡ ✂ ❙ ✞ ☛ ☞ ✟ ☎ ✁ ✞ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✞ ✡ ✄ ☎ ✁ ❚ ☎ ☛ ✶ ✽ ✶
❋ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏✎ ✑✒
✼ ✓✔ ✕ ❊ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✚ ✩ ✛ ✪ ✦ ✪ ✩ ✩ ✙ ✥ ✣ ✧ ★ ✫ ✙ ✬ ✪ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✭ ✚ ✩ ✦ ✚ ✛ ✮ ✚ ✯✰ ✱ ✰ ✲ ✳ ✥ ★ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✭ ✚ ✥ ✪ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✭ ✚ ✦ ✙ ✧ ✪ ✭ ✰
✴
✙
✵ ●
✚
✷
✪ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✭ ✚ ✥ ✪ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ★ ✤ ✤ ✥ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✙ ✘ ✤ ★ ✥ ✦ ✪ ✙ ✧
✸ ✹
✙ ✛ ✭ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✩ ✪ ✛ ✩ ✪ ★ ✤ ✤ ✥ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✙ ✘ ✧ ★ ✥
q ✺
✪
✹ ✻
✪ ✤ ★ ✥ ✪ ✗ ✪ ✥ ✤ ✪ ✦ ✧ ✥ ★ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✯
✻
✪ ✯ ✚ ✛ ✩ ✰
✴ ✻ ✵
❲ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✤ ★ ✥ ✦ ✪ ★ ✤ ✤ ✥ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✧ ✪ ✥ ✗ ✪ ✥ ✤ ✪ ✦ ✧ ✥ ★ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✯
✻
✪ ✯✚ ✛ ✩ ❢
✼ ✓
✾ ✿ ❆
✩ ★ ✘ ✚ ✭ ✭ ✚ ✩ ✦ ✙ ✛ ✭ ✙ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✯
✹ ✻
★ ✧ ✢ ★ ✤ ✥ ✙ ✭ ✚
✺
✩ ✳
❀
✦ ✫ ✙ ✥ ✪ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✦ ✪ ✭ ★ ✛ ✙ ✢ ★ ✥ ✚
❁
★ ✛ ✧ ✙ ✘ ✧ ✙
✻
✘ ✪
✩ ✚ ✫
✺
✘ ✧ ✙ ✛ ✪ ★
✺
✩ ✘ ✣
✹
✜ ✚ ✧ ✢ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✧ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✯
✺
✘ ✙ ✥ ✩ ✗ ✪ ✪ ✭ ✪
q ✺
✙ ✘ ✧ ★ ✳
❀ ❂
✥ ✙ ✭ ✩
❃
✳
✰ ❲ ✢ ✚ ✦ ✢ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✧ ✜ ★ ✜ ✚ ✘ ✘ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✥ ✧ ✧ ★ ✥ ★ ✘ ✘
✪ ✙ ✥ ✘ ✚ ✪ ✥ ❢ ❡ ✢ ✪ ✦ ★
❃
✪ ✤ ✤ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✪ ✛ ✧ ★ ✤ ✬ ✚ ✛ ✪ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✤ ✥ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✚ ✩ ➭
❦
❄
❀
✰ ❅ ✰
✼ ✓
✾
❇
❆
✦ ✣✘ ✚ ✛ ✭ ✪ ✥ ★ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✩ ✳
❀
✬ ✯ ✙ ✛ ✭ ✥ ✙ ✭ ✚
✺
✩ ✳ ❈ ✦ ✫ ✚ ✩ ✥ ★ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✯ ✗ ✪ ✥ ✤ ✪ ✦ ✧ ✘ ✣ ★ ✛ ✙ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✪ ★ ✤ ✚ ✛ ✦ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ❉
❀
★
✰ ❡ ✢ ✪ ✦ ★
❃
✪ ✤ ✤ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✪ ✛ ✧ ★ ✤ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✤ ✥ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ➭
✩
❄
❀
✰ ❅ ❈ ✰
✴
✙
✵ ❍
★ ✜ ✫
✺
✦ ✢ ✚ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✤ ★ ✥ ✦ ✪ ★ ✤ ✤ ✥ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✙ ✦ ✧ ✚ ✛ ✯ ★ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✦ ✣✘ ✚ ✛ ✭ ✪ ✥ ❢
✴ ✻ ✵
❲ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✜ ★ ✥ ✬ ✭ ★ ✛ ✪ ✙ ✯ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✩ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✭
✺
✥ ✚ ✛ ✯ ✥ ★ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✯ ❢
✴
✦
✵ ■
✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✚ ✛ ✦ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛
❏
★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✪ ✚ ✩ ✚ ✛ ✦ ✥ ✪ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✭
✹
✙ ✧ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✧
✷
✙ ✘
✺
✪ ★ ✤
❏
✭ ★ ✪ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✦ ✣✘ ✚ ✛ ✭ ✪ ✥
✻
✪ ✯✚ ✛ ✧ ★ ✩ ✬ ✚ ✭
✹
✙ ✛ ✭ ✛ ★ ✧ ✥ ★ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✪ ✥ ✤ ✪ ✦ ✧ ✘ ✣ ❢
✼ ✓
✾
✔
❘
✪ ✙ ✭ ✪ ✙ ✦ ✢ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✧ ✪ ✫ ✪ ✛ ✧
✻
✪ ✘ ★ ✜ ✦ ✙ ✥ ✪ ✤
✺
✘ ✘ ✣
✹
✙ ✛ ✭ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✧ ✪
✹
✜ ✚ ✧ ✢ ✥ ✪ ✙ ✩ ★ ✛ ✩
✹
✚ ✤ ✚ ✧ ✚ ✩ ✧ ✥
✺
✪ ★ ✥ ✤ ✙ ✘ ✩ ✪
❑
✴
✙
✵ ▲ ✺
✥ ✚ ✛ ✯ ✥ ★ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✯
✹
✧ ✢ ✪ ✤ ★ ✥ ✦ ✪ ★ ✤ ✤ ✥ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✙ ✦ ✧ ✩ ✚ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✩ ✙ ✫ ✪ ✭ ✚ ✥ ✪ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✙ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✭ ✚ ✥ ✪ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ★ ✤ ✫ ★ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪
▼ ◆
★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪
✻
★ ✭ ✣ ✰
✴ ✻ ✵
❡ ✢ ✪ ✚ ✛ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✛ ✧ ✙ ✛ ✪ ★
✺
✩ ✩ ✗ ✪ ✪ ✭ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✗ ★ ✚ ✛ ✧ ★ ✤ ✦ ★ ✛ ✧ ✙ ✦ ✧ ✭
✺
✥ ✚ ✛ ✯ ✥ ★ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✯ ✚ ✩
❁
✪ ✥ ★ ✰
✴
✦
✵
❡ ✢ ✪ ✚ ✛ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✛ ✧ ✙ ✛ ✪ ★
✺
✩ ✙ ✦ ✦ ✪ ✘ ✪ ✥ ✙ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✗ ★ ✚ ✛ ✧ ★ ✤ ✦ ★ ✛ ✧ ✙ ✦ ✧ ✭
✺
✥ ✚ ✛ ✯ ✥ ★ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✯ ✚ ✩
❁
✪ ✥ ★ ✰
✴
✭
✵
✮ ★ ✥ ✗ ✪ ✥ ✤ ✪ ✦ ✧ ✥ ★ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✯ ✫ ★ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛
✹
✜ ★ ✥ ✬ ✭ ★ ✛ ✪ ✙ ✯✙ ✚ ✛ ✩ ✧ ✤ ✥ ✚ ✦ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✚ ✩
❁
✪ ✥ ★ ✰
✴
✪
✵ ❆
✜ ✢ ✪ ✪ ✘ ✫ ★
✷
✚ ✛ ✯ ✭ ★ ✜ ✛ ✙ ✗ ✪ ✥ ✤ ✪ ✦ ✧ ✘ ✣
❖ P ◗ ❯ ❱ ◗ ❳❨ ❩ ❬❭❭
✚ ✛ ✦ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✪ ✭ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✪ ✜ ✚ ✘ ✘
✺
✛ ✭ ✪ ✥ ✯★ ✩ ✘ ✚ ✗ ✗ ✚ ✛ ✯
✴
✛ ★ ✧ ✥ ★ ✘ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✯
✵
✫ ★ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✰
✼ ✓
✾ ✾
❪ ✪ ✗ ✙ ✥ ✙ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ★ ✤
◆
★ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ★ ✤ ✙ ✩ ✣ ✩ ✧ ✪ ✫ ★ ✤ ✗ ✙ ✥ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✘ ✪ ✩ ✚ ✛ ✧ ★ ✫ ★ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✦ ✪ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✪ ★ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✩ ✙ ✛ ✭ ✫ ★ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✙
✻
★
✺
✧ ✧ ✢ ✪
✦ ✪ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✪ ★ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✩ ❝
✴
✙
✵
❪ ✢ ★ ✜
✐ ✐
♠
❫
❴ ❵♣ ♣ ❛
✜ ✢ ✪ ✥ ✪ ❜
❞
✚ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✫ ★ ✫ ✪ ✛ ✧
✺
✫ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪
◗
✧ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✥ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✘ ✪
✴
★ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✩ ❣
❞
✵
✙ ✛ ✭ ❜ ❤
❞
❥ ❣
❞
✈ ❤
❞
✰ ❧ ★ ✧ ✪ ✈ ❤ ❤
❞
✚ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✪
✷
✪ ✘ ★ ✦ ✚ ✧ ✣ ★ ✤
✧ ✢ ✪
◗
✧ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✥ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✘ ✪ ✥ ✪ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✚
✷
✪ ✧ ★ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✦ ✪ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✪ ★ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✩ ✰
❆
✘ ✩ ★
✹
✗ ✥ ★
✷
✪
✺
✩ ✚ ✛ ✯ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✭ ✪ ✤ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✦ ✪ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✪ ★ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✩
♥
♦
r
s
t
✉
✴ ✻ ✵
❪ ✢ ★ ✜
✇
➼① ① ② ③
④
⑤ ⑥
✜ ✢ ✪ ✥ ✪ ⑦ ✚ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✧ ★ ✧ ✙ ✘ ✬ ✚ ✛ ✪ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✪ ✛ ✪ ✥ ✯✣ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✩ ✣✩ ✧ ✪ ✫ ★ ✤ ✗ ✙ ✥ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✘ ✪ ✩
✹
⑧
⑨
✚ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✧ ★ ✧ ✙ ✘ ✬ ✚ ✛ ✪ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✪ ✛ ✪ ✥ ✯ ✣ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪
✩ ✣✩ ✧ ✪ ✫ ✜ ✢ ✪ ✛ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✗ ✙ ✥ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✘ ✪
✷
✪ ✘ ★ ✦ ✚ ✧ ✚ ✪ ✩ ✙ ✥ ✪ ✧ ✙ ✬ ✪ ✛ ✜ ✚ ✧ ✢ ✥ ✪ ✩ ✗ ✪ ✦ ✧ ✧ ★ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✦ ✪ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✪ ★ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✩ ✙ ✛ ✭ ⑩ ❶
❷
❸ ❅ ✚ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✪
✬ ✚ ✛ ✪ ✧ ✚ ✦ ✪ ✛ ✪ ✥ ✯ ✣ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✧ ✥ ✙ ✛ ✩ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✩ ✣ ✩ ✧ ✪ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✙ ✜ ✢ ★ ✘ ✪
✴
✚ ✰ ✪ ✰ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✦ ✪ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✪ ★ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✩ ✫ ★ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪
✩ ✣ ✩ ✧ ✪ ✫
✵
✰ ❡ ✢ ✪ ✥ ✪ ✩
✺
✘ ✧ ✢ ✙ ✩
✻
✪ ✪ ✛
✺
✩ ✪ ✭ ✚ ✛ ❪ ✪ ✦ ✰ ✱ ✰ ✳ ✲ ✰
✴
✦
✵
❪ ✢ ★ ✜
❹❺ ❻ ×⑨❼ ❼ ❽ ❾
✜ ✢ ✪ ✥ ✪
⑨
❼
❄
❿
❿
➀ ➁ ➁
➂
➃ ➄
✚ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✙ ✛ ✯
✺
✘ ✙ ✥ ✫ ★ ✫ ✪ ✛ ✧
✺
✫ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✩ ✣✩ ✧ ✪ ✫ ✙
✻
★
✺
✧ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✦ ✪ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✪ ★ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✩ ✜ ✚ ✧ ✢
✷
✪ ✘ ★ ✦ ✚ ✧ ✚ ✪ ✩ ✧ ✙ ✬ ✪ ✛ ✥ ✪ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✚
✷
✪ ✧ ★ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✦ ✪ ✛ ✧ ✥ ✪ ★ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✩ ✩ ✰
❘
✪ ✫ ✪ ✫
✻
✪ ✥ ➊
➅ ➅
⑨
❺
➆ ➆
❽
❑
✥ ✪ ✩ ✧ ★ ✤ ✧ ✢ ✪ ✛ ★ ✧ ✙ ✧ ✚ ★ ✛ ✚ ✩ ✧ ✢ ✪
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
s ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✌ ☞ ✠ ✍ s ✎ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✏ ✟ ✒ ✞ ✎ ☛ ✳ ✓ ☞ ✞ ✎
✔
▲
✟ ✠ ✡
▼ × ❘ ✕
✑ ✟ ✠ ✥ ✎ s ✟ ✌ ✡ ✞ ☞ ✥ ✎
✟ ✠
❛
✍
✖
✟ ☛
✗
☞
✗
✎ ✠ ✞ ✟
✘
☛ ✎ s ✒ ✎ ✑ ✞ ✌
❡
✎
✖ ✙✘
✟ ✥ ☞ ✍✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☞
✚
✞ ✏ ✎ ✑ ✎ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✎ ☞
✚ ✗
✟ s s ☞
✚
✞ ✏ ✎ s
✙
s ✞ ✎
✗
☞
✚
✒ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✌ ✑
✖
✎ s ✳
✭ ✡ ✮ ❙ ✏ ☞ ✛
✐
❞ ❞
❞ ✜ ❞ ✜
✔ ✔
✔
❂ ✢
✣
▲ ✤
r
❋ ✍☛ ✞ ✏ ✎ ☛
✘
s ✏ ☞ ✛ ✞ ✏ ✟ ✞
✦ ✧ ★
❞
❞ ✜
✔
✔
❂
▲
✛ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✎
✦ ✧ ★
✩
✌ s ✞ ✏ ✎ s ✍
✗
☞
✚
✟
✖ ✖
✎
✪
✞ ✎ ☛ ✠ ✟
✖
✞ ☞ ☛
q
✍✎ s ✟ ✑ ✞ ✌ ✠
❛
☞ ✠ ✞ ✏ ✎ s
✙
s ✞ ✎
✗
✟ ✥ ☞ ✍✞ ✞ ✏ ✎
✑ ✎ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✎ ☞
✚ ✗
✟ s s ✳
✭
✫
✌ ✠ ✞
✬ ✯
s ✎ ✞ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✎
✚
✌ ✠ ✌ ✞ ✌ ☞ ✠ ☞
✚
✑ ✎ ✠ ✞ ☛ ✎ ☞
✚ ✗
✟ s s ✟ ✠ ✡ ✓ ✎ ✛ ✞ ☞ ✠
✰
s
✱
✏ ✌ ☛ ✡
✲
✟ ✛ ✳
✴
s s ✍
✗
✎ ✞ ✏ ✎
✌ ✠ ✞ ✎ ☛ ✠ ✟
✖ ✚
☞ ☛ ✑ ✎ s ✥ ✎ ✞ ✛ ✎ ✎ ✠ ✟ ✠
✙
✞ ✛ ☞ ✒ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✌ ✑
✖
✎ s ✟ ✑ ✞ ✟
✖
☞ ✠
❛
✞ ✏ ✎
✖
✌ ✠ ✎
♥
☞ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✠
❛
✞ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✟ ☛ ✞ ✌ ✑
✖
✎ s ✳ ✮
❈ ❍  ✁✂ ✄ ☎ ✥ ■ ✆ ❍ ✂
● ❘ ✝ ❱ ✞ ✟ ✝ ✟ ✞ ✠ ✡
✽ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓✔✎ ✌ ✑ ✍
❊ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✧ ✣ ★ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✪ ✣ ✕ ✧ ✕ ✖ ✣ ✛ ❡ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✫ ✣ ✚ ✭ ✣ ✚ ✩ ✘ ✛ ❡ ✕ ✗ ✗
✪ ✕ ✫ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✛ ★
♠
✣ ✩ ✫ ✤ ✫ ✛ ★ ✣ ✕ ✫ ✫ ✖ ✕ ✩ ✫ ✣ ✭ ✫ ✛ ✧ ✕ ✖ ✭ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✫ ✬
❞ ✮
✚ ✘ ✫ ✬ ✙ ✚
✯
✫ ✬ ✖ ✛ ✧ ✚ ✜
♦
❡ ✕ ✗ ✗ ✤ ✭ ✛ ✧ ✚ ✫ ✛ ✧ ✕ ✖ ✭ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✫ ✬ ✦
✯
✛ ✙ ✚
✯
✜
♦
✬ ✙ ✗ ✗ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✛ ✫
✪ ✛ ✖ ✣ ✫ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✚
✯
✫ ✬ ✕ ✚
✯
✛ ✙ ✚
✯
✭ ✛ ✧ ✚ ✬ ✙ ✗ ✗ ✦ ✖ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✭ ✖ ✛
♦
✤ ❡ ✖ ✛ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✩ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✭ ✤
✕ ★ ✛ ✢ ✣ ❡ ✕ ✗ ✗ ✫ ✛ ✧ ✕ ✖ ✭ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✫ ✬ ✕ ✚ ✭ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✖ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✣ ✪ ✕ ✚ ✘ ✛ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✖ ✤ ✜ ✩ ✬
♦
✬ ✣ ✚ ✛ ✪ ✣ ✚ ✕
❞
♣ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✩ ✕ ✗ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✫ ✧ ✕ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✰ ✫ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✱ ✬ ✘ ✤ ✙ ✩ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✲ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✣ ✛
✳ ✴ ✵ ✶ ✷ ✸ ✴ ✶ ✷ ✹ ✺
✧ ✬ ✛ ✖ ✣ ✩ ✛
✯
✚ ✙ ✤ ✣ ✭ ✫ ✬ ✣ ❡ ✕ ✩ ✫ ✫ ✬ ✕ ✫ ✕ ✗ ✗ ★ ✛ ✭ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✦
✙ ✖ ✖ ✣ ✤
♦
✣ ✩ ✫ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✛ ❡ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✙ ✖ ✪ ✕ ✤ ✤ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✕ ✖ ✣ ✕ ✩ ✩ ✣ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✕ ✫ ✣ ✭ ✫ ✛ ✧ ✕ ✖ ✭ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✫ ✬
✧ ✙ ✫ ✬ ✕ ✩ ✛ ✚ ✤ ✫ ✕ ✚ ✫ ✕ ✩ ✩ ✣ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✕ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚
❞
✰ ✫ ✙ ✤ ✤ ✕ ✙ ✭ ✫ ✬ ✕ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✪ ✕ ✭ ✣ ✕
♦
✜ ★ ✗ ✙ ✩
✭ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✚ ✤ ✫ ✖ ✕ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✛ ❡ ✫ ✬ ✙ ✤ ❡ ✕ ✩ ✫
❞ ✻
✛ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✭ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✫ ✖ ✜ ✫ ✬ ✦ ✬ ✣ ✩ ✣ ✖ ✫ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✘ ✭ ✙ ✭
✣ ✼
♦
✣ ✖ ✙ ✪ ✣ ✚ ✫ ✤ ✧ ✙ ✫ ✬ ★ ✛ ✭ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✖ ✛ ✗ ✗ ✙ ✚
✯
✭ ✛ ✧ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✩ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✣ ✭
♦
✗ ✕ ✚ ✣ ✤ ✕ ✚ ✭
✕ ✖ ✖ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✭ ✕ ✫ ✕ ✢ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✛ ❡ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✕ ✩ ✩ ✣ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✕ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✭ ✜ ✣ ✫ ✛
✯
✖ ✕ ✢ ✙ ✫ ✘ ✧ ✬ ✙ ✩ ✬ ✙ ✤
✩ ✗ ✛ ✤ ✣ ✫ ✛ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✖ ✣ ✕ ✩ ✩ ✜ ✖ ✕ ✫ ✣ ✢ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✛ ★ ✫ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✣ ✭ ✗ ✕ ✫ ✣ ✖
❞
✮
✤ ✣ ✣ ✪ ✙ ✚
✯
✗ ✘ ✜ ✚ ✖ ✣ ✗ ✕ ✫ ✣ ✭
♦
✬ ✣ ✚ ✛ ✪ ✣ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✦ ✛ ★ ✤ ✣ ✖ ✢ ✕ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✛ ❡ ✤ ✫ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✦
♦
✗ ✕ ✚ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✕ ✚ ✭ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✙ ✖ ✪ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✬ ✕ ✤ ★ ✣ ✣ ✚ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✤ ✜ ★
♠
✣ ✩ ✫ ✛ ❡ ✕ ✫ ✫ ✣ ✚ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✚
✪ ✕ ✚ ✘ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✚ ✫ ✖ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✤ ✙ ✚ ✩ ✣ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✛ ❡ ✫ ✙ ✪ ✣ ✤
❞ ✾
★ ✤ ✣ ✖ ✢ ✕ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✤ ✤ ✙ ✚ ✩ ✣
✣ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✫ ✙ ✪ ✣ ✤ ✖ ✣ ✩ ✛
✯
✚ ✙ ✤ ✣ ✭ ✤ ✫ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✧ ✬ ✙ ✩ ✬ ✕
♦ ♦
✣ ✕ ✖ ✣ ✭ ✙ ✚ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✤ ✿ ✘ ✧ ✙ ✫ ✬
♦
✛ ✤ ✙ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✤ ✜ ✚ ✩ ✬ ✕ ✚
✯
✣ ✭ ✘ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✕ ❡ ✫ ✣ ✖ ✘ ✣ ✕ ✖
❞ ✻
✬ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✖ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✫ ✣ ✖ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✚
✯
✛ ★
♠
✣ ✩ ✫ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✣ ✫ ✬ ✣
♦
✗ ✕ ✚ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✧ ✬ ✙ ✩ ✬ ✤ ✣ ✣ ✪ ✫ ✛ ✬ ✕ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✣
✯
✜ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✪ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✤
✕
✯
✕ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✫ ✫ ✬ ✣ ★ ✕ ✩ ✿
✯
✖ ✛ ✜ ✚ ✭ ✛ ❡ ✤ ✫ ✕ ✖ ✤
❞ ✻
✬ ✣ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✖ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✖ ✭ ✣ ✭ ✪ ✛ ✭ ✣ ✗
❡ ✛ ✖
♦
✗ ✕ ✚ ✣ ✫ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✪ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✤
♦
✖ ✛
♦
✛ ✤ ✣ ✭ ★ ✘ ✱ ✫ ✛ ✗ ✣ ✪ ✘ ✕ ★ ✛ ✜ ✫
✹ ❀ ❀ ❀
✘ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✤
✕
✯
✛ ✧ ✕ ✤ ✕ ❛
✯
✣ ✛ ✩ ✣ ✚ ✫ ✖ ✙ ✩ ❁ ✪ ✛ ✭ ✣ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✧ ✬ ✙ ✩ ✬ ✕ ✗ ✗ ✩ ✣ ✗ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✛ ★
♠
✣ ✩ ✫ ✤ ✦
✤ ✫ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✦ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✤ ✜ ✚ ✕ ✚ ✭ ✫ ✬ ✣
♦
✗ ✕ ✚ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✦ ✕ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✣ ✢ ✛ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✭ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✜ ✚ ✭ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✫ ✬
❞
✻
✬ ✣ ✛ ✚ ✗ ✘ ✪ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✫ ✬ ✕ ✫ ✧ ✕ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✛ ✜
✯
✬ ✫ ✫ ✛ ★ ✣
♦
✛ ✤ ✤ ✙ ★ ✗ ✣ ❡ ✛ ✖ ✩ ✣ ✗ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✙ ✕ ✗
✛ ★
♠
✣ ✩ ✫ ✤ ✧ ✕ ✤ ✪ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✩ ✙ ✖ ✩ ✗ ✣
❞
❝✛ ✪
♦
✗ ✙ ✩ ✕ ✫ ✣ ✭ ✤ ✩ ✬ ✣ ✪ ✣ ✤ ✛ ❡ ✪ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚
✧ ✣ ✖ ✣
♦
✜ ✫ ❡ ✛ ✖ ✧ ✕ ✖ ✭ ★ ✘ ✱ ✫ ✛ ✗ ✣ ✪ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✭ ✣ ✖ ✫ ✛ ✭ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✖ ✙ ★ ✣ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✛ ★ ✤ ✣ ✖ ✢ ✣ ✭
✪ ✛ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✛ ❡ ✫ ✬ ✣
♦
✗ ✕ ✚ ✣ ✫ ✤
❞ ✻
✬ ✣
♦
✗ ✕ ✚ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✧ ✣ ✖ ✣ ✭ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✖ ✙ ★ ✣ ✭ ✕ ✤ ✪ ✛ ✢ ✙ ✚
✯
✙ ✚ ✩ ✙ ✖ ✩ ✗ ✣ ✤ ✧ ✙ ✫ ✬ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✩ ✣ ✚ ✫ ✣ ✖ ✛ ❡ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✩ ✙ ✖ ✩ ✗ ✣ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✪ ✤ ✣ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✪ ✛ ✢ ✙ ✚
✯
✙ ✚
✗ ✕ ✖
✯
✣ ✖ ✩ ✙ ✖ ✩ ✗ ✣ ✤
❞
❂ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✣ ✤ ✧ ✣ ✖ ✣ ✕ ✗ ✤ ✛ ✕ ✭ ✢ ✕ ✚ ✩ ✣ ✭ ★ ✘ ✰ ✚ ✭ ✙ ✕ ✚
✕ ✤ ✫ ✖ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✪ ✣ ✖ ✤ ✤ ✛ ✪ ✣
✷ ❀ ❀
✘ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✗ ✕ ✫ ✣ ✖
❞
♣ ✛ ✧ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✕ ✪ ✛ ✖ ✣ ✣ ✗ ✣
✯
✕ ✚ ✫
✪ ✛ ✭ ✣ ✗ ✙ ✚ ✧ ✬ ✙ ✩ ✬ ✫ ✬ ✣ ❂ ✜ ✚ ✧ ✕ ✤ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✩ ✣ ✚ ✫ ✣ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✛ ✜ ✚ ✭ ✧ ✬ ✙ ✩ ✬ ✫ ✬ ✣
♦
✗ ✕ ✚ ✣ ✫ ✤ ✖ ✣ ✢ ✛ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✭ ❃ ✫ ✬ ✣ ❛ ✬ ✣ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✩ ✣ ✚ ✫ ✖ ✙ ✩ ❁ ✪ ✛ ✭ ✣ ✗ ❃ ✧ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✣ ✕ ✭ ✘
✪ ✣ ✚ ✫ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✣ ✭ ★ ✘
✮
✖ ✘ ✕ ★ ✬ ✕ ✫ ✫ ✕
✳ ✵
t ❄
✩ ✣ ✚ ✫ ✜ ✖ ✘
✮ ❞ ❅ ❞ ✺
✙ ✚ ✬ ✙ ✤ ✫ ✖ ✣ ✕ ✫ ✙ ✤ ✣
❞ ✮
✫ ✬ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✕ ✚ ✭ ✘ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✗ ✕ ✫ ✣ ✖ ✦ ✕ ✱ ✛ ✗ ✙ ✤ ✬ ✪ ✛ ✚ ✿ ✚ ✕ ✪ ✣ ✭ ❆ ✙ ✩ ✛ ✗ ✕ ✤
❇ ❉ ❋ ❏ ❑ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖ P◗ ▲ ❙ ◆ ❑
❇ ❉
❚ ❯ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❲
▼
❩ ❬ ❨ ❭ ❪ ❬
❇ ❉
❫ ❴
❑ ❙
❵ ❲
▼
❬ ❭ ❨ ❨ ❭ ❪
◆
❜
❣
▼
❭ ❵
❙ ▲
❭
▲ ❙ ◆ ❑
❇ ❉
❢ ❤ ✐ ❲ ❣
▼
❭ ❵
❙ ▲
❭
▲ ❙ ◆ ❑
❭ ❨
◗ ◆ ❑
❬
▲
❭
❑ ▲
❇ ❉
❥ ❦
◗ ◗
❲ ❨ ❲
▼
❭
▲ ❙ ◆ ❑ ❖ P
❲
▲ ◆
❣
▼
❭ ❵
❙ ▲ ❧ ◆
❜
▲
✐ ❲ ❲ ❭
▼ ▲
✐
❇ ❉ ♥
❦
◗ ◗
❲ ❨ ❲
▼
❭
▲ ❙ ◆ ❑ ❖ P
❲
▲ ◆
❣
▼
❭ ❵
❙ ▲ ❧ q
❲ ❨
◆
❪ ❭
❑ ❖
❭
q ◆
❵ ❲
▲
✐ ❲ ❬
P ▼
❜ ❭
◗
❲
◆
❜ ❲ ❭
▼ ▲
✐
❇ ❉ r s ▼
❭ ❵
❙ ▲
❭
▲ ❙ ◆ ❑
❭ ❨ ❳
◆ ▲
❲
❑ ▲ ❙
❭ ❨
❲
❑
❲
▼
❣
❧
❇ ❉ ❇
✉ ❬
◗
❭ ❳ ❲ ❬ ❳ ❲ ❲
❖
❇ ❉ ✈
✉ ❭
▼ ▲
✐ ❬ ❭
▲
❲ ❨ ❨
❙ ▲
❲ ❬
❇ ❉ ❋ ✇
✉
❑
❲
▼
❣
❧ ◆
❜ ❭
❑ ◆ ▼ q ❙ ▲ ❙ ❑
❣
❬ ❭
▲
❲ ❨ ❨
❙ ▲
❲
❇ ❉ ❋ ❋ s
❲
◆
❬
▲
❭
▲ ❙ ◆ ❑
❭
▼ ❧
❭
❑ ❖
❳
◆
❨ ❭
▼
❬ ❭
▲
❲ ❨ ❨
❙ ▲
❲ ❬
❇ ❉ ❋
❚
①
❲
❙
❣✐
▲
❨ ❲ ❬ ❬
❑
❲ ❬ ❬
② P ③ ③
❭
▼ ❧
④ ◆ ❙ ❑ ▲
❬
▲ ◆
❳
◆ ❑ ❖
❲
▼
✉
⑤
❲
▼ ◗ ❙
❬ ❲ ❬
❦
❖ ❖ ❙ ▲ ❙ ◆ ❑
❭ ❨ ❲
⑤
❲
▼ ◗ ❙
❬ ❲ ❬
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
B
A
C
P S S
✬
2❜
2❛
❈✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ♥ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✓ ✖ ✟ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✍ ✠ ♦ ✗ ♦ ✠ ✘ ☛ ♥ ☛ ✙ ☛ ✚ ✠
♠ ✞ ♦ ✠ ✛ ☛ ♥ ✜ ✢ ☛ ☞ ✢ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✟ ✛ ✗ ♥ ✠ ✙ ✍ ♠ ✞ ✚ ✠ ♦ ☛ ♥ ☞ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✛ ✠ ✍
✗ ✡ ✞ ✌ ♥ ♦ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✣ ✠ ♦ ☞ ✠ ♥ ✙ ✡ ✗ ✛ ✍ ✌ ♥ ✤ ✥ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✞ ✡ ✦ ✜ ✗ ✍
♦ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✡ ✠ ♦ ☛ ✙ ✠ ♦ ❡ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✠ ☞ ✢ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✢ ✧ ❡ ✌ ✙ ♥ ✞ ✙ ✗ ❡ ✛ ✠ ✗ ♠ ✞ ♥ ★ ✍ ✙
☛ ✙ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✟ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✙ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✜ ✗ ✍ ✐ ✗ ✛ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✞ ✜ ✢ ✞ ✢ ✗ ♦ ✙ ✞ ✘ ✗ ☞ ✠
✟ ✡ ✞ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✙ ☛ ✞ ♥ ✘ ✡ ✞ ♠ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✍ ✙ ✗ ✙ ✠ ✘ ✞ ✡ ✢ ☛ ✍ ❡ ✠ ✛ ☛ ✠ ✘ ✍ ✤
■ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✡ ✞ ✌ ♥ ♦ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✍ ✗ ♠ ✠ ✙ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✗ ✍ ✐ ✗ ✛ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✞ ✧ ✗
♥ ✞ ❡ ✛ ✠ ♠ ✗ ♥ ☞ ✗ ✛ ✛ ✠ ♦ ✩ ✦ ☞ ✢ ✞ ✪ ✡ ✗ ✢ ✠ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✫ ✔ ✏ ✫ ✭ ✏ ✖
✢ ✗ ☛ ✛ ☛ ♥ ★ ✘ ✡ ✞ ♠ ✮ ✠ ♥ ♠ ✗ ✡ ✯ ✧ ✍ ✟ ✠ ♥ ✙ ✢ ☛ ✍ ✠ ♥ ✙ ☛ ✡ ✠ ✛ ☛ ✘ ✠ ✙ ☛ ♠ ✠
✡ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✡ ♦ ☛ ♥ ★ ✞ ❡ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✚ ✗ ✙ ☛ ✞ ♥ ✍ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✟ ✛ ✗ ♥ ✠ ✙ ✍ ✜ ☛ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✢ ✠
♥ ✗ ✯ ✠ ♦ ✠ ✦ ✠ ✤ ✥ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✞ ♠ ✟ ☛ ✛ ✠ ♦ ♦ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✜ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✗ ♥ ✗ ✛ ✦ ✍ ✠ ♦
✛ ✗ ✙ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✦ ✢ ☛ ✍ ✗ ✍ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✗ ♥ ✙ ❧ ✞ ✢ ✗ ♥ ♥ ✠ ✍ ✰ ✠ ✟ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✔
✏ ✫ ✑ ✭ ✖ ✤ ✥ ✠ ☞ ✞ ✌ ✛ ♦ ✠ ✣ ✙ ✡ ✗ ☞ ✙ ✘ ✡ ✞ ♠ ✙ ✢ ✠ ♦ ✗ ✙ ✗ ✙ ✢ ✡ ✠ ✠
✠ ✛ ✠ ★ ✗ ♥ ✙ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✍ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✙ ♥ ✞ ✜ ★ ✞ ❡ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✠ ♥ ✗ ♠ ✠ ✞ ✘ ✰ ✠ ✟ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✱ ✍
✛ ✗ ✜ ✍ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✍ ✜ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✯ ♥ ✞ ✜ ♥ ✙ ✞ ✲ ✠ ✜ ✙ ✞ ♥ ✗ ♥ ♦
✠ ♥ ✗ ❡ ✛ ✠ ♦ ✢ ☛ ♠ ✙ ✞ ♠ ✗ ✯ ✠ ✗ ★ ✡ ✠ ✗ ✙ ✍ ☞ ☛ ✠ ♥ ✙ ☛ ✘ ☛ ☞ ✛ ✠ ✗ ✟ ☛ ♥
✟ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✍ ☛ ♥ ★ ✢ ☛ ✍ ✌ ♥ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✗ ✛ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✞ ✘ ★ ✡ ✗ ✚ ☛ ✙ ✗ ✙ ☛ ✞ ♥ ✤
✽ ✳ ✴ ❑ ✵ ✷ ✸ ✵ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✸ ✼ ❲ ✻
✩ ✢ ✠ ✙ ✢ ✡ ✠ ✠ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✍ ✞ ✘ ✰ ✠ ✟ ✛ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✗ ♥ ❡ ✠ ✍ ✙ ✗ ✙ ✠ ♦ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✞ ✛ ✛ ✞ ✜ ✍ ❚
✾
✳ ✸
✿ ❀ ❁ ❂ ❁ ❃❄ ❅ ❆❇ ❉ ❊ ✛ ✛ ✟ ✛ ✗ ♥ ✠ ✙ ✍ ♠ ✞ ✚ ✠ ☛ ♥ ✠ ✛ ✛ ☛ ✟ ✙ ☛ ☞ ✗ ✛
✞ ✡ ❡ ☛ ✙ ✍ ✜ ☛ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✢ ✠ ❋ ✌ ♥ ✍ ☛ ✙ ✌ ✗ ✙ ✠ ♦ ✗ ✙ ✞ ♥ ✠ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✘ ✞ ☞ ☛
● ❍ ❏ ▲ ▼▲ ◆❖ ◗❘ ❙ ❯ ❱ ❳ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❱ ❭❪ ❫ ❴ ❱❵ ❝❞ ❭ ❢ ❣ ❫ ❩ ❳ ❫ ❯ ❱ ❭ ❫ ❪ ❝ ❞ ❯ ❵
❭
t
❱ ❬❞ ❯
❤ ❥ t
❱ ❴ ❳ ❝ ❬ ❱ ❬❭ ❩ ❝ ❨ ❯ ❭ ❨ ❬
❦
❫ ❯ ❵ ❭
t
❱
♣
❫ ❪ ❭
t
❱ ❬ ❭ ❩ ❝ ❨ ❯ ❭ ❨ ❬ ❙
q ❦
❨ ❬ ❴ ❫ ❳ ❳ ❱ ❵ ❭
t
❱
❩ ❱ ❪ ❨
t
❱ ❳ ❨ ❝ ❯ ❫ ❯ ❵ ❙ ❭
t
❱ ❫ ❩
t
❱ ❳ ❨ ❝ ❯
❤ ❥ t
❱
❬ ❱
s
❨
s
❫
r
❝ ❪ ❫
✉
❨ ❬ ❨ ❬
t
❫ ❳
♣
❭
t
❱ ❵ ❨ ❬ ❭ ❫ ❯ ❴ ❱ ❙
❦ ❤
● ❍ ❏ ▲ ▼▲ ◆ ❖
✈
❘
✇
❪ ❫
①
❨ ❯
②
❫ ❯ ❱ ❳ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❱
❤
❙ ❬ ❭❪ ❨ ❯
② t
❫ ❬ ❨ ❭ ❬ ❱ ❯ ❵ ❬
♣
❨
✉
❱❵ ❫ ❭
③
④
❫ ❯ ❵
③
⑤
❤ ❥ t
❱ ❭❨ ❩ ❝
♣
❫ ❩ ❱ ❯ ❴ ❨ ❳
t
❝❳ ❵ ❬
❭
t
❱ ❬ ❭❪ ❨ ❯
②
❭ ❫ ❞ ❭ ❫ ❯ ❵ ❨ ❬
s
❝ ⑥❱❵ ❫ ❪ ❝ ❞ ❯ ❵
❤
✞ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✠ ✛ ✛ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✎ ⑦ ☛ ★ ✤ ⑧ ✤ ✏ ✗ ✖ ✤ ✩ ✢ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✜ ✗ ✍ ✗ ♦ ✠ ✚ ☛ ✗ ✙ ☛ ✞ ♥
✘ ✡ ✞ ♠ ✙ ✢ ✠ ❈✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ♥ ☛ ☞ ✗ ♥ ♠ ✞ ♦ ✠ ✛ ✜ ✢ ☛ ☞ ✢ ✗ ✛ ✛ ✞ ✜ ✠ ♦ ✞ ♥ ✛ ✦
☞ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✛ ✗ ✡ ✞ ✡ ❡ ☛ ✙ ✍ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✠ ✠ ✛ ✛ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✧ ✞ ✘ ✜ ✢ ☛ ☞ ✢ ✙ ✢ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✛ ✠ ☛ ✍
✗ ✍ ✟ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✗ ✛ ☞ ✗ ✍ ✠ ✧ ☛ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✛ ✞ ✍ ✠ ♦ ☞ ✌ ✡ ✚ ✠ ✜ ✢ ☛ ☞ ✢ ☞ ✗ ♥ ❡ ✠
♦ ✡ ✗ ✜ ♥ ✚ ✠ ✡ ✦ ✍ ☛ ♠ ✟ ✛ ✦ ✗ ✍ ✘ ✞ ✛ ✛ ✞ ✜ ✍ ✤
❋ ✠ ✛ ✠ ☞ ✙ ✙ ✜ ✞ ✟ ✞ ☛ ♥ ✙ ✍ ⑦
⑨
✗ ♥ ♦ ⑦
⑩
✤ ✩ ✗ ✯ ✠ ✗ ✛ ✠ ♥ ★ ✙ ✢
✞ ✘ ✗ ✍ ✙ ✡ ☛ ♥ ★ ✗ ♥ ♦ ✘ ☛ ✣ ☛ ✙ ✍ ✠ ♥ ♦ ✍ ✗ ✙ ⑦
⑨
✗ ♥ ♦ ⑦
⑩
❡ ✦ ✟ ☛ ♥ ✍ ✤
❶ ☛ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✙ ☛ ✟ ✞ ✘ ✗ ✟ ✠ ♥ ☞ ☛ ✛ ✍ ✙ ✡ ✠ ✙ ☞ ✢ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✍ ✙ ✡ ☛ ♥ ★ ✙ ✗ ✌ ✙
✗ ♥ ♦ ✙ ✢ ✠ ♥ ♦ ✡ ✗ ✜ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✡ ✚ ✠ ❡ ✦ ♠ ✞ ✚ ☛ ♥ ★ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✟ ✠ ♥ ☞ ☛ ✛
✯ ✠ ✠ ✟ ☛ ♥ ★ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✍ ✙ ✡ ☛ ♥ ★ ✙ ✗ ✌ ✙ ✙ ✢ ✡ ✞ ✌ ★ ✢ ✞ ✌ ✙ ✤ ✎ ⑦ ☛ ★ ✤ ⑧ ✤ ✏ ✎ ❡ ✖ ✖
✩ ✢ ✠ ☞ ✛ ✞ ✍ ✠ ♦ ☞ ✌ ✡ ✚ ✠ ✦ ✞ ✌ ★ ✠ ✙ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✗ ✛ ✛ ✠ ♦ ✗ ♥ ✠ ✛ ✛ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✤
❈ ✛ ✠ ✗ ✡ ✛ ✦ ✘ ✞ ✡ ✗ ♥ ✦ ✟ ✞ ☛ ♥ ✙ ✩ ✞ ♥ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✠ ✛ ✛ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✧ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✍ ✌ ♠ ✞ ✘
✙ ✢ ✠ ♦ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✗ ♥ ☞ ✠ ✍ ✘ ✡ ✞ ♠ ⑦
⑨
✗ ♥ ♦ ⑦
⑩
☛ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✞ ♥ ✍ ✙ ✗ ♥ ✙ ✤ ⑦
⑨
✧
⑦
⑩
✗ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✗ ✛ ✛ ✠ ♦ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✘ ✞ ☞ ☛ ☛ ✤ ❧ ✞ ☛ ♥ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✟ ✞ ☛ ♥ ✙ ✍ ⑦
⑨
✗ ♥ ♦ ⑦
⑩
✗ ♥ ♦ ✠ ✣ ✙ ✠ ♥ ♦ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✛ ☛ ♥ ✠ ✙ ✞ ☛ ♥ ✙ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✙ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✠ ✛ ✛ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✗ ✙
✟ ✞ ☛ ♥ ✙ ✍
❷
✗ ♥ ♦ ❊ ✗ ✍ ✍ ✢ ✞ ✜ ♥ ☛ ♥ ⑦ ☛ ★ ✤ ⑧ ✤ ✏ ✎ ❡ ✖ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✠
♠ ☛ ♦ ✟ ✞ ☛ ♥ ✙ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✛ ☛ ♥ ✠
❷
❊ ☛ ✍ ✙ ✢ ✠ ☞ ✠ ♥ ✙ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✠ ✛ ✛ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✠
❸
✗ ♥ ♦ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✛ ✠ ♥ ★ ✙ ✢
❷ ❸ ❹
❊
❸
☛ ✍ ☞ ✗ ✛ ✛ ✠ ♦ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✍ ✠ ♠ ☛ ✔
♠ ✗
❺
✞ ✡ ✗ ✣ ☛ ✍ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✠ ✛ ✛ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✤ ⑦ ✞ ✡ ✗ ☞ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✛ ✠ ✧ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✙ ✜ ✞
✘ ✞ ☞ ☛ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✡ ★ ✠ ☛ ♥ ✙ ✞ ✞ ♥ ✠ ✗ ♥ ♦ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✍ ✠ ♠ ☛ ✔ ♠ ✗
❺
✞ ✡ ✗ ✣ ☛ ✍
❡ ✠ ☞ ✞ ♠ ✠ ✍ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✡ ✗ ♦ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✡ ☞ ✛ ✠ ✤
✴ ✳ ✸
✿ ❀ ❁ ❂ ✿ ❃ ❻ ✿ ❇ ❉ ✩ ✢ ✠ ✛ ☛ ♥ ✠ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✙
❺
✞ ☛ ♥ ✍ ✗ ♥ ✦ ✟ ✛ ✗ ♥ ✠ ✙
✙ ✞ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✍ ✌ ♥ ✍ ✜ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✍ ✠ ❼ ✌ ✗ ✛ ✗ ✡ ✠ ✗ ✍ ☛ ♥ ✠ ❼ ✌ ✗ ✛ ☛ ♥ ✙ ✠ ✡ ✚ ✗ ✛ ✍
✞ ✘ ✙ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✎ ⑦ ☛ ★ ✤ ⑧ ✤ ❽ ✖ ✤ ✩ ✢ ☛ ✍ ✛ ✗ ✜ ☞ ✞ ♠ ✠ ✍ ✘ ✡ ✞ ♠ ✙ ✢ ✠
✞ ❡ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✚ ✗ ✙ ☛ ✞ ♥ ✍ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✟ ✛ ✗ ♥ ✠ ✙ ✍ ✗ ✟ ✟ ✠ ✗ ✡ ✙ ✞ ♠ ✞ ✚ ✠ ✍ ✛ ✞ ✜ ✠ ✡
✜ ✢ ✠ ♥ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✦ ✗ ✡ ✠ ✘ ✗ ✡ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✡ ✘ ✡ ✞ ♠ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✍ ✌ ♥ ✙ ✢ ✗ ♥ ✜ ✢ ✠ ♥
✙ ✢ ✠ ✦ ✗ ✡ ✠ ♥ ✠ ✗ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✤
● ❍ ❏ ▲ ▼▲❾
❥ t
❱ ❩ ❳ ❫ ❯ ❱❭
❦ s
❝ ⑥❱ ❬ ❫ ❪ ❝ ❞ ❯ ❵ ❭
t
❱ ❬ ❞ ❯ ❨ ❯ ❫ ❯
❱ ❳ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❭❨ ❴ ❫ ❳ ❝ ❪ ❢ ❨ ❭
❤ ❥ t
❱ ❬
t
❫ ❵ ❱❵ ❫ ❪ ❱ ❫ ❨ ❬ ❭
t
❱ ❫ ❪ ❱ ❫
❿
❙ ❬
①
❱❩ ❭ ❝ ❞ ❭ ❨ ❯ ❫ ❬
s
❫ ❳ ❳ ❨ ❯ ❭❱❪ ⑥ ❫ ❳ ❝
♣
❭❨
s
❱
❿
❭
❤
➀ ✳ ✸
✿ ❀ ❁ ❂
➁
❻ ❃ ❅ ❁
➂
❇ ❉ ✩ ✢ ✠ ✍ ❼ ✌ ✗ ✡ ✠ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✙ ☛ ♠ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✞ ♦
✞ ✘ ✡ ✠ ✚ ✞ ✛ ✌ ✙ ☛ ✞ ♥ ✞ ✘ ✗ ✟ ✛ ✗ ♥ ✠ ✙ ☛ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✞ ✟ ✞ ✡ ✙ ☛ ✞ ♥ ✗ ✛ ✙ ✞ ✙ ✢ ✠
☞ ✌ ❡ ✠ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✍ ✠ ♠ ☛ ✔ ♠ ✗
❺
✞ ✡ ✗ ✣ ☛ ✍ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✠ ✛ ✛ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✠ ✙ ✡ ✗ ☞ ✠ ♦
✞ ✌ ✙ ❡ ✦ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✟ ✛ ✗ ♥ ✠ ✙ ✤
✩ ✢ ✠ ✙ ✗ ❡ ✛ ✠ ❡ ✠ ✛ ✞ ✜ ★ ☛ ✚ ✠ ✍ ✙ ✢ ✠ ✗ ✟ ✟ ✡ ✞ ✣ ☛ ♠ ✗ ✙ ✠ ✙ ☛ ♠ ✠
✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✞ ♦ ✍ ✞ ✘ ✡ ✠ ✚ ✞ ✛ ✌ ✙ ☛ ✞ ♥ ✞ ✘ ♥ ☛ ♥ ✠ ✟ ✛ ✗ ♥ ✠ ✙ ✍ ✗ ✡ ✞ ✌ ♥ ♦ ✙ ✢ ✠
✍ ✌ ♥ ✗ ✛ ✞ ♥ ★ ✜ ☛ ✙ ✢ ✚ ✗ ✛ ✌ ✠ ✍ ✞ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✍ ✠ ♠ ☛ ✔ ♠ ✗
❺
✞ ✡ ✗ ✣ ✠ ✍ ✤
●   ✁ ❱ ✂ ✄ ✁ ✄ ✂ ❆ ☎ ✶ ✆ ✝
✞
❚ ❛ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ❉ ❛ ☞ ❛ ✌ ✍♦ ✎ ✎ ✡ ❛ ✏ ✑ ✍✡ ✎ ✡ ❡ ☞ ♦ ✌ ✒ ✠ ❛ ❡ ✡ ☞❛ ✍✓
✎ ♦ ☞ ♠ ♦ ❡ ✏ ✔ ♠ ✕ ✡ ❡ ✟ ✡ ✠ ♦ ✖ ✗ ♦ ❡ ✌ ♠ ✍ ✎ ✘ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✡ ✍✙ ✏
▲ ❛ ✖ ♦ ✌ ✚ ✡ ✍♠ ♦ ✛ ✏
✜ ✢ ❙ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✤ ✜ ✧★ ✩ ✜ ✪ ✥ ✫ ✥ ✬ ✭ ✬ ✥ ✮ ✫ ★ ✯ ✰ ✱
✲ ✳
✤ ✴
✵
✢
✵
✥ ✤ ✣
✐
✣ ✩ ✥ ★
✷
★ ✯ ✩ ✣
✸
★
✹
✭ ✮ ✥ ★ ✬ ★ ✯ ✮
✺
✣
✐ ✹
✜ ✬✣ ✮
✥ ✬ ✻ ✣ ✜ ✩ ✫ ✼ ✻ ✽ ✴
◗ ✢
✵ ✺
✣ ✾ ✭ ★ ✮ ✥ ✣ ✬ ✮ ✿
✵
❀
❁ ✜
❂
❃ ✥ ✬ ✭ ✬ ✥ ✮ ✫ ★ ✯
✰ ✱
❄ ❂ ❅
✻
❀
✤
❄ ❂
✴
P
✹
✜ ✬✣ ✮ ✜
✵
◗
▼ ❇ ❈ ❊ ❋❈ ❍ ■ ❏ ❑ ◆ ❖ ❏ ❘ ❯ ❘ ❏ ◆ ■
❲
❇
❳
❋
❨ ❩
❖ ❏
❬
❖ ❏
❭ ❩
■
❪
❏ ❖ ❖
❫ ❴ ❈ ❵ ❜
❩
■ ❏ ❖
❩
❘ ❏ ◆
❭
▼ ❴ ❈
❨
❘ ❘ ❏
❬ ❩
❏
❬ ❬
❘ ❏ ◆
❬
❝
❋
❞ ❢
❵ ❇ ❈ ❑ ❑ ❏
❬ ❩ ❩
❏ ◆
❪
❏ ❖
❩
❣ ❴ ❵ ❋❈
❳ ❩
❯
❪
❘ ◆ ❏ ■ ❘ ❏ ◆
❬
❤ ❈ ❴
❳
❋
❨
❘
❬
❑
❬
❯ ❘ ❏ ◆
❬
❥
❇
❞
❵ ❋
❳
❇ ❯ ■ ❖
❩ ❭
■ ❘ ❏ ◆ ◆
❦ ❧ ❋ ❵ ♥ ■ ◆ ❖ ❘ ❯
❬
❘ ❏ ◆ ◆
♣ q r s t ✉ ✈ ✇ t ① r t ② ③ t ④ ⑤ r ⑥ ④ ⑦ r ① ② ⑧ ✈ ✈ ⑦ t ② t
③ ✈ ④ ② r ⑨ ⑥ r ④ ③ r ✈ ✇ ③ ✈ ④ ② r ① ⑩ t ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④ ✈ ✇ t ④ ❷ ⑥ s t ①
❸
✈
❸
r ④ ⑧ ⑥
❸
✉ q ③ q ❶ ② ⑩ t s ❶ ⑦ ✇ ✈ ① t ④
❹
③ r ④ ⑧ ① t s ✇ ✈ ① ③ r
❺
❻
③ r ④ ⑧ ① t s ✇ ✈ ① ③ r ❶ ② ② ⑥ ③ q ⑧ q t ⑧ ⑧ q r ✇ ✈ ① ③ r ✈ ④ ⑧ q r
❼
s t ④ r ⑧ ❶ ② t s ✈ ④ ❷ ⑧ q r ⑩ r ③ ⑧ ✈ ①
❽
✈ ❶ ④ ❶ ④ ❷ ⑧ q r ② ⑥ ④ t ④ ⑦
⑧ q r
❼
s t ④ r ⑧
❺ ❾
r ⑧ ⑧ q r ② ⑥ ④ ⑤ r t ⑧ ⑧ q r ✈ ① ❶ ❷ ❶ ④ t ④ ⑦ s r ⑧
⑧ q r
❼
✈ ② ❶ ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④ t ④ ⑦
❸
✈
❸
r ④ ⑧ ⑥
❸
✈ ✇ ⑧ q r
❼
s t ④ r ⑧ ⑤ r
⑦ r ④ ✈ ⑧ r ⑦ ⑤
❹
✍ t ④ ⑦ ✒ ① r ②
❼
r ③ ⑧ ❶ ⑩ r s
❹ ❺
♣ q r ④ ⑧ q r t ① r t
② ✉ r
❼
⑧ ✈ ⑥ ⑧ ⑤
❹
⑧ q r
❼
s t ④ r ⑧ ✈ ✇
❸
t ② ②
❸
❶ ④ ⑧ ❶
❸
r
❶ ④ ⑧ r ① ⑩ t s
❿ ➀
❶ ②
➁ ➂
❶ ❷
❺ ➃ ❺ ➄ ➅ ❿ ➆
❷ ❶ ⑩ r ④ ⑤
❹
➇ ➈
➉ ➊ ➁
✍
×
✕
❿ ➀ ➅ ➁ ➃ ❺ ➋ ➅
➌
r ④ ③ r
➇ ➈
➍ ❿
⑧
➉ ➊ ➁
✍
×
✒
➅ ➍ ❸ ➎ ➁
② ❶ ④ ③ r ✕
➉
✒
➍ ❸ ➅
➉
▲
➍ ➁ ➄ ❸ ➅ ➁ ➃ ❺ ➄ ➅
✉ q r ① r ✕ ❶ ② ⑧ q r ⑩ r s ✈ ③ ❶ ⑧
❹ ➎
▲ ❶ ② ⑧ q r t ④ ❷ ⑥ s t ①
❸
✈
❸
r ④ ⑧ ⑥
❸
r ⑨ ⑥ t s ⑧ ✈
➁
✍
×
✒
➅ ❺ ➂
✈ ① t ③ r ④ ⑧ ① t s
✇ ✈ ① ③ r
➎
✉ q ❶ ③ q ❶ ② ⑦ ❶ ① r ③ ⑧ r ⑦ t s ✈ ④ ❷ ✍
➎
▲ ❶ ② t ③ ✈ ④ ② ⑧ t ④ ⑧
t ② ⑧ q r
❼
s t ④ r ⑧ ❷ ✈ r ② t ① ✈ ⑥ ④ ⑦
❺ ➌
r ④ ③ r
➎
➏ ➐
➍ ❿ ➀
❶ ② t
③ ✈ ④ ② ⑧ t ④ ⑧ t ③ ③ ✈ ① ⑦ ❶ ④ ❷ ⑧ ✈ ⑧ q r s t ② ⑧ r ⑨ ⑥ t ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④
❺
♣ q ❶ ② ❶ ②
⑧ q r s t ✉ ✈ ✇ t ① r t ②
❺
➑ ① t ⑩ ❶ ⑧ t ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④ ❶ ② t ③ r ④ ⑧ ① t s ✇ ✈ ① ③ r
t ④ ⑦ q r ④ ③ r ⑧ q r s t ✉ ✈ ✇ t ① r t ② ✇ ✈ s s ✈ ✉ ②
❺
➒ ➓ ➔ → ➣ ↔ ↕ ➙ ➛ ➜
❾
r ⑧ ⑧ q r ②
❼
r r ⑦ ✈ ✇ ⑧ q r
❼
s t ④ r ⑧
t ⑧ ⑧ q r
❼
r ① ❶ q r s ❶ ✈ ④ ➝ ❶ ④
➂
❶ ❷
❺ ➃ ❺ ➋ ➁
t
➅
⑤ r ➞
➟
t ④ ⑦
⑧ q r
➠
⑥ ④
➡ ❼
s t ④ r ⑧ ⑦ ❶ ② ⑧ t ④ ③ r
➠ ➢
⑤ r
➤
➟
❺ ➥
r s t ⑧ r
➦➤
➟
➧
➞
➟
➨
⑧ ✈ ⑧ q r ③ ✈ ① ① r ②
❼
✈ ④ ⑦ ❶ ④ ❷ ⑨ ⑥ t ④ ⑧ ❶ ⑧ ❶ r ② t ⑧
⑧ q r t
❼
q r s ❶ ✈ ④
➦➤
➩ ➫
➞
➩
➨ ❺ ➭
❶ s s ⑧ q r
❼
s t ④ r ⑧ ⑧ t
➯
r
r ⑨ ⑥ t s ⑧ ❶
❸
r ② ⑧ ✈ ⑧ ① t ⑩ r ① ② r
➲ ➳ ➵
t ④ ⑦
➵
➝
➲ ➸
➺ ➻ ➼ ➽
↕
➾
♣ q r
❸
t ❷ ④ ❶ ⑧ ⑥ ⑦ r ✈ ✇ ⑧ q r t ④ ❷ ⑥ s t ①
❸
✈
❸
r ④ ⑧ ⑥
❸
t ⑧ ➝ ❶ ② ➚
➪
➶ ➹
➪
➤
➪
➞
➪
➎
② ❶ ④ ③ r ❶ ④ ②
❼
r ③ ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④
⑧ r s s ② ⑥ ② ⑧ q t ⑧ ✍
➪
t ④ ⑦ ✕
➪
t ① r
❸
⑥ ⑧ ⑥ t s s
❹
❼
r ①
❼
r ④ ⑦ ❶ ③ ⑥ s t ①
❺ ➠
❶
❸
❶ s t ① s
❹ ➎
➚
➩
➶ ➹
➪
➤
➩
➞
➩
❺ ➂
① ✈
❸
t ④ ❷ ⑥ s t ①
❸
✈
❸
r ④ ⑧ ⑥
❸
③ ✈ ④ ② r ① ⑩ t ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④
➹
➪
➤
➪
➞
➪
➶ ➹
➪
➤
➩
➞
➩
✈ ①
➘
➘
➴
➷
➬
➮
➮
➷
➴
➱
➠
❶ ④ ③ r
➤
➩
✃
➤
➪
➧
➞
➪
❐ ➞
➩
❺
♣ q r t ① r t ❒
➲ ➳ ➵
⑤ ✈ ⑥ ④ ⑦ r ⑦ ⑤
❹
⑧ q r r s s ❶
❼
② r t ④ ⑦
⑧ q r ① t ⑦ ❶ ⑥ ② ⑩ r ③ ⑧ ✈ ① ② ❒
➲
t ④ ⑦ ❒
➵
❶ ② s t ① ❷ r ① ⑧ q t ④
➠
❮
➢
❰
❶ ④
➂
❶ ❷
❺ ➃ ❺ ➋ ❺ ➂
① ✈
❸
Ï r
❼
s r ① Ð ② ② r ③ ✈ ④ ⑦ s t ✉
➎
r ⑨ ⑥ t s t ① r t ②
t ① r ② ✉ r
❼
⑧ ❶ ④ r ⑨ ⑥ t s ⑧ ❶
❸
r ②
❺ ➌
r ④ ③ r ⑧ q r
❼
s t ④ r ⑧ ✉ ❶ s s
⑧ t
➯
r t s ✈ ④ ❷ r ① ⑧ ❶
❸
r ⑧ ✈ ⑧ ① t ⑩ r ① ② r
➲ ➳ ➵
⑧ q t ④
➵
➝
➲ ❺
Ñ Ò Ó ÔÕÖ Ø Ù Ú Û
➆
▲ ▲
➆
Ü Ý Þ ß Ú
➆
Ø Ö ❚
➆
❚ Ö Ý Õ
❾
r ❷ r ④ ⑦ q t ② ❶ ⑧ ⑧ q t ⑧ ✈ ⑤ ② r ① ⑩ ❶ ④ ❷ t ④ t
❼ ❼
s r ✇ t s s ❶ ④ ❷
✇ ① ✈
❸
t ⑧ ① r r
➎ à
r ✉ ⑧ ✈ ④ ✉ t ② ❶ ④ ②
❼
❶ ① r ⑦ ⑧ ✈ t ① ① ❶ ⑩ r t ⑧ t ④
⑥ ④ ❶ ⑩ r ① ② t s s t ✉ ✈ ✇ ❷ ① t ⑩ ❶ ⑧ t ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④ ⑧ q t ⑧ s r ⑦ ⑧ ✈ t ④
r
á ❼
s t ④ t ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④ ✈ ✇ ⑧ r ① ① r ② ⑧ ① ❶ t s ❷ ① t ⑩ ❶ ⑧ t ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④ t ② ✉ r s s t ②
✈ ✇ Ï r
❼
s r ① Ð ② s t ✉ ②
❺ à
r ✉ ⑧ ✈ ④ Ð ② ① r t ② ✈ ④ ❶ ④ ❷ ✉ t ② ⑧ q t ⑧
⑧ q r
❸
✈ ✈ ④ ① r ⑩ ✈ s ⑩ ❶ ④ ❷ ❶ ④ t ④ ✈ ① ⑤ ❶ ⑧ ✈ ✇ ① t ⑦ ❶ ⑥ ② â
ã
✉ t ②
② ⑥ ⑤
❽
r ③ ⑧ ⑧ ✈ t ③ r ④ ⑧ ① ❶
❼
r ⑧ t s t ③ ③ r s r ① t ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④ ⑦ ⑥ r ⑧ ✈
r t ① ⑧ q Ð ② ❷ ① t ⑩ ❶ ⑧
❹
✈ ✇
❸
t ❷ ④ ❶ ⑧ ⑥ ⑦ r
ä
ä
ä
å
æ
æ
æ
ç
è
é
ç
ê
ë
ì ì
➁ ➃ ❺ í ➅
✉ q r ① r î ❶ ② ⑧ q r ②
❼
r r ⑦ ✈ ✇ ⑧ q r
❸
✈ ✈ ④ ① r s t ⑧ r ⑦ ⑧ ✈ ⑧ q r
⑧ ❶
❸
r
❼
r ① ❶ ✈ ⑦
ï
⑤
❹
⑧ q r ① r s t ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④
ð ñ
ò
ó ô õö÷ ❺
♣ q r
⑧ ❶
❸
r
❼
r ① ❶ ✈ ⑦
ï
❶ ② t ⑤ ✈ ⑥ ⑧
➄ ø ❺ í
⑦ t
❹
② t ④ ⑦ â
ã
✉ t ②
t s ① r t ⑦
❹ ➯
④ ✈ ✉ ④ ⑧ q r ④ ⑧ ✈ ⑤ r t ⑤ ✈ ⑥ ⑧
í ❺ ➃
ù
× ➋
ú
û
❸ ❺
ü ✇
✉ r ② ⑥ ⑤ ② ⑧ ❶ ⑧ ⑥ ⑧ r ⑧ q r ② r ④ ⑥
❸
⑤ r ① ② ❶ ④ r ⑨ ⑥ t ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④
➁ ➃ ❺ í ➅ ➎
✉ r ❷ r ⑧ t ⑩ t s ⑥ r ✈ ✇
ý
ã
❸
⑥ ③ q ②
❸
t s s r ① ⑧ q t ④ ⑧ q r ⑩ t s ⑥ r
✈ ✇ t ③ ③ r s r ① t ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④ ⑦ ⑥ r ⑧ ✈ ❷ ① t ⑩ ❶ ⑧
❹
❷ ✈ ④ ⑧ q r ② ⑥ ① ✇ t ③ r ✈ ✇
⑧ q r r t ① ⑧ q
➎
t ① ❶ ② ❶ ④ ❷ t s ② ✈ ⑦ ⑥ r ⑧ ✈ r t ① ⑧ q Ð ② ❷ ① t ⑩ ❶ ⑧ t ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④ t s
t ⑧ ⑧ ① t ③ ⑧ ❶ ✈ ④
❺
þ ★
✺
✜ ✬ ✬ ✣ ✫ ÿ ✣
✐ ✹
✣ ✩
✼ ✰ ✭   ✰ ✁ ✰ ✂ ✄ ✱ ✽ ✇
❴
❨
❴
❨
❊
❢
❇
❳
❵
❢ ❨
❵ ♥ s ☎ ❇ ❈ ♠ ❴
❳
♥ ❈
❢ ♦ ❢ ❳
❏
✆
❇ s ♥ ❈ ♠ ❋ ❧ ❴ ❵ ❇
✝
❵ ❜ ❇ ❵ ❜ ❈ ❇ ❇ ❧ ❴
✇ ❨
♥ s
❞
❧ ❴
❳
❇ ❵ ❴ ❈ ❍ ♠ ♥ ❵
❢
♥
❳
♣ ❴
❨
❇
✝
♥
❳
❵ ❜ ❇
❞
❴
❢ ❳ ❨
❵ ❴
✞ ❢ ❳ ♦
♥ ♣
❨
❇ ❈
✟
❴ ❵
❢
♥
❳ ❨
♥ s
✠
❍ ❊ ❜ ♥
❇ ❈ ❴ ❜ ❇ ❴
❳ ✝
❊ ♥
✇
♥ ❈
✞
❇ ❈
❨
❏ ✡ ❇
❞
❧ ❇ ❈ ❜
❢
♠
❨
❇ ❧ s
✇
❴
❨
❴
❳
❴
❨ ❨ ❢ ❨
❵ ❴
❳
❵ ❵ ♥ ❇ ❈ ❴ ❜ ❇ ❴
❳ ✝ ❢
❵ ❵ ♥ ♥
✞
❜
❢
♠
❨ ❢ ❛
❵ ❇ ❇
❳
❧ ♥
❳ ♦
❍ ❇ ❴ ❈
❨
❵ ♥ ❴ ❈ ❈
❢ ✟
❇ ❴ ❵ ❵ ❜ ❇ ❵ ❜ ❈ ❇ ❇
❞
❧ ❴
❳
❇ ❵ ❴ ❈ ❍ ❧ ❴
✇ ❨
❏
✆
❇
❢ ❨
❴ ❧
❨
♥
✞ ❳
♥
✇ ❳
❴
❨
❵ ❜ ❇ s ♥ ❋
❳ ✝
❇ ❈ ♥ s
♦
❇ ♥ ♠ ❇ ❵ ❈
❢
❊ ❴ ❧
♥
❞
❵
❢
❊
❨
☛ ♣ ❇
❢ ❳ ♦
❵ ❜ ❇ s
❢
❈
❨
❵ ❵ ♥
✝
❇
❨
❊ ❈
❢
♣ ❇
✇
❜ ❴ ❵ ❜ ❴
❞ ❞
❇
❳ ❨
❵ ♥ ❧
❢ ♦
❜ ❵ ❴ s ❵ ❇ ❈
❢
❵ ❇
❳
❵ ❇ ❈
❨
❴ ❵ ❇ ❧ ❇
❨
❊ ♥
❞
❇ ❏

✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❈ ✞ ✟✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌✍ ✡ ✎ ✞ ✏
❲ ❡ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✕ ✗ ✘ ❡ ✙ ✚ ✕ ❡ ✓ ✛ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✢ ❡ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✚ ✒ ✢ ✣✤ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✓ ✘ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✣ ✘ ✓ ✛ ✚ ✥ ✗ ✒ ✢ ✤ ❡ ✦ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✤ ❡ ✚ ✧ ✓ ✣✕ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✗ ✒
✗ ✥
❞
❞
t
❂ ★
❧
r ✩
❚
✖ ❡ ✚ ✒ ✢ ✣✤ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✓ ✘ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✣ ✘ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✤ ❡ ✗ ✥ ✜ ✓ ✒ ✥ ❡ ✙
✪
❡
✫ ✬
✗ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✕ ✓ ✙
q
✣❡
❂ ★ r ✩
✫
✣❡ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✖ ❡
✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ❋ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✕
✪
✚ ✒ ✗ ✥ ✖ ❡ ✥ ♦
❚
✖ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✚ ✦ ✦ ❡ ✒ ✥ ❡ ✗ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✙ ✔ ✖ ❡ ✒ ❋ ✗ ✥ ✭ ❡ ✙ ✓ ✓ ✙ ✔ ✖ ❡ ✒ ❋ ✗ ✥ ✚ ✤ ✓ ✒ ✢ ✮ ♦ ❲ ❡ ✚ ✙ ❡
✗ ✒ ✕ ❡ ✙ ❡ ✥ ✕ ❡
✫
✗ ✒ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✥ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✜ ✖ ✥ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✥ ✛ ❝ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✤ ✚ ✕ ✕ ❡ ✙ ✜ ✓ ✒
✫
✗ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ♦ ✯ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✥ ✥ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✥ ✛ ❝ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✥ ✜ ✓ ✒
✫
✗ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ♦
❆ ✰ ✜ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✱ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✗ ✥ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✚ ❝✥
✫
✗ ✙ ❡ ✜ ✕ ❡
✫
✕ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✙
✫
✥ ✓ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✚ ❝ ✛ ✙ ✓ ✘ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✲ ❡
✫
✦ ✓ ✗ ✒ ✕
✬
✗ ♦ ❡ ♦
✬
✚ ✤ ✓ ✒ ✢ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✓ ✥ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒
✪
❡ ✜ ✕ ✓ ✙ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✓ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✛ ✚ ✦ ✦ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✔ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✥ ✦ ❡ ✜ ✕ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✲ ❡
✫
✦ ✓ ✗ ✒ ✕ ♦ ✳ ✴ ❡ ❡ ✵ ✗ ✢ ✣✙ ❡ ✧ ❡ ✤ ✓ ✔ ♦ ✷
✵ ✣✙ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✙
✬
✕ ✖ ❡ ✘ ✚ ✢✒ ✗ ✕ ✣
✫
❡ ✓ ✛ ✚ ✜ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡
✸ ✫
❡ ✦ ❡ ✒
✫
✥ ✓ ✒
✹ ✬
✕ ✖ ❡
✫
✗ ✥ ✕ ✚ ✒ ✜ ❡ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✓ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✛ ✚ ✦ ✦ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒
✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✛ ✙ ✓ ✘ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✲ ❡
✫
✦ ✓ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✺
✸
✻
✸
✳
✹
✷ ♦
■ ✒ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✣ ✒
✫
❡ ✙ ✚ ✜ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✚ ✒ ✢ ✣✤ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✓ ✘ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✣ ✘ ✗ ✥ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✚ ❝✥ ✜ ✓ ✒ ✥ ❡ ✙
✪
❡
✫
♦
❚
✔ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✦ ✓ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✒ ✕
✙ ❡ ✥ ✣✤ ✕ ✥ ✛ ✓ ✤ ✤ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✙ ✓ ✘ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✥
✼
✳ ✽ ✷
❚
✖ ❡ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✛ ✚ ✦ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✤ ❡ ✣ ✒
✫
❡ ✙ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✗ ✥ ✚ ✤ ✔ ✚ ❝✥ ✜ ✓ ✒ ✛ ✗ ✒ ❡
✫
✕ ✓ ✚ ✦ ✤ ✚ ✒ ❡ ♦
✳ ✾ ✷
❚
✖ ❡ ✦ ✓ ✥ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒
✪
❡ ✜ ✕ ✓ ✙ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✤ ❡ ✔ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✙ ❡ ✥ ✦ ❡ ✜ ✕ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✙ ❡ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✳ ✗ ♦ ❡ ♦ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✛ ✗ ✲ ❡
✫
✦ ✓ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✷
✖ ✚ ✥ ✚ ✜ ✓ ✒ ✥ ✕ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✚ ✙ ❡ ✚ ✤
✪
❡ ✤ ✓ ✜ ✗ ✕ ❝ ♦ ■ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✙ ✔ ✓ ✙
✫
✥ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✓ ✥ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒
✪
❡ ✜ ✕ ✓ ✙ ✥ ✔ ❡ ❡ ✦ ✥ ✓ ✣✕ ❡
q
✣ ✚ ✤ ✚ ✙ ❡ ✚ ✥ ✗ ✒
❡
q
✣ ✚ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✘ ❡ ✥ ✚ ✥ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✤ ❡ ✘ ✓
✪
❡ ✥ ✣ ✒
✫
❡ ✙ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✗ ✒ ✛ ✤ ✣❡ ✒ ✜ ❡ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✜ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ♦
❚
✙ ❝ ✕ ✓ ✦ ✙ ✓
✪
❡ ✧ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✥ ❡ ✙ ❡ ✥ ✣✤ ✕ ✥ ♦ ✿ ✓ ✣ ✘ ✚ ❝ ✒ ❡ ❡
✫
✕ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✕ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✚ ✙ ❡ ✚ ✤
✪
❡ ✤ ✓ ✜ ✗ ✕ ❝ ✗ ✥ ✢ ✗
✪
❡ ✒ ✧ ❝
✼
✫ ❀ ❁ ✫ ❃ ❄ ❅ ✹ ❇
✥ ✗ ✒
❉
♦
❆✒ ✗ ✘ ✘ ❡
✫
✗ ✚ ✕ ❡ ✚ ✦ ✦ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✚ ✧ ✓
✪
❡
✫
✗ ✥ ✜ ✣✥ ✥ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✜ ✚ ✒ ✧ ❡ ✘ ✚
✫
❡ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✛ ✚ ✦ ✤ ✚ ✒ ❡ ✕
✣ ✒
✫
❡ ✙ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✢ ✙ ✚
✪
✗ ✕ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✚ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✥ ✣ ✒ ♦ ✵ ✓ ✙ ✜ ✓ ✒
✪
❡ ✒ ✗ ❡ ✒ ✜ ❡ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✥ ✣ ✒ ✘ ✚ ❝ ✧ ❡ ✕ ✚ ✑ ❡ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✧ ❡ ✥ ✓ ✖ ❡ ✚
✪
❝
✕ ✖ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✥ ✚ ✕ ✙ ❡ ✥ ✕ ♦
❚
✖ ❡ ✢ ✙ ✚
✪
✗ ✕ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✚ ✤ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✥ ✣ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✤ ✚ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✗ ✥
✫
✗ ✙ ❡ ✜ ✕ ❡
✫
✕ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✙
✫
✥ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✥ ✣ ✒ ♦
❚
✖ ✗ ✥ ✛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✚ ✤ ✥ ✓ ✥ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✥ ✛ ✗ ❡ ✥ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✙ ❡
q
✣✗ ✙ ❡ ✘ ❡ ✒ ✕
✸ ❄ ✸
❊
✹
●
✬
✥ ✗ ✒ ✜ ❡
✸ ❄
❍ ❏
❑
❏
▲
❁ ✹
▲
✔ ✖ ❡ ✙ ❡ ❏
▼
✚ ✒
✫
❏
◆
✚ ✙ ❡
✙ ❡ ✥ ✦ ❡ ✜ ✕ ✗
✪
❡ ✤ ❝ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✘ ✚ ✥ ✥ ❡ ✥ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✤ ✚ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✚ ✒
✫
✕ ✖ ❡ ✥ ✣ ✒ ✚ ✒
✫
❍ ✗ ✥ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✣ ✒ ✗
✪
❡ ✙ ✥ ✚ ✤ ✜ ✓ ✒ ✥ ✕ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✛ ✢ ✙ ✚
✪
✗ ✕ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ♦
❚
✖ ❡ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✙ ❡ ✥ ✣✤ ✕ ✥ ✳ ✽ ✷ ✚ ✒
✫
✳ ✾ ✷
✫
❡ ✥ ✜ ✙ ✗ ✧ ❡
✫
✚ ✧ ✓
✪
❡
✬
✕ ✖ ❡ ✙ ❡ ✛ ✓ ✙ ❡
✬
✚ ✦ ✦ ✤ ❝ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✘ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✓ ✛ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✦ ✤ ✚ ✒ ❡ ✕ ♦ ■ ✒ ✛ ✚ ✜ ✕
✬
✕ ✖ ❡ ✙ ❡ ✥ ✣✤ ✕ ✳ ✾ ✷ ✗ ✥ ✕ ✖ ❡ ✔ ❡ ✤ ✤ ❖ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✥ ❡ ✜ ✓ ✒
✫
✤ ✚ ✔ ✓ ✛ ◗ ❡ ✦ ✤ ❡ ✙ ♦
❘
✹
❙ ❯
❃
❱ ❳
❃✹
❳❨ ❳❩
❃
❬
✹
❭ ❬❪
❃
❱ ❳ ❫ ❴
✹ ❃
❙ ❩ ❵ ❳ ❛ ❜ ❢ ❳
✹ ❃
❱ ❳ ❩ ❳ ❜
❃✹
❴ ❵ ❪❬
✹
❩ ❳ ❣
❀ ❃
❴ ❫ ❬ ❯❙
❃
❙ ❬❜ ❤ ✐
❃
❱ ❳ ❪❬
✹
❩ ❳ ❙ ❯ ❢ ❙
✹
❳❩
❃
❳ ❢
❴ ❵ ❬❜
❥ ❦ ♠
✐
♥
❙ ❯
❃
❱ ❳ ❩ ❳ ❜
❃✹
❳ ❬❪
❃
❱ ❳ ❪❬
✹
❩ ❳
❃
❴
♣
❳ ❜ ❴ ❯
❃
❱ ❳ ❬
✹
❙
❥
❙ ❜ ❣
s
❜
❃
❙ ❏❳
✉ ❃
✐
❃
❱ ❳ ❫ ❴
✹ ❃
❙ ❩ ❵ ❳ ❏ ❬
❇
❳❯ ❪
✹
❬ ❏
✈ ❃
❬ ❤
✇
✐
❴
✹
❩ ❤ ❤
✇ ❄ ①
❯
❄ ❇ ① ❃
❣ ❘ ❱ ❳
❃
❴ ❜
❥
❳ ❜
❃
❤
②
❴
❃
❤
❃
❬
❃
❱ ❳
❃✹
❴ ❨ ❳ ❩
❃
❬
✹
❭
❥
❙
❇
❳❯
❃
❱ ❳ ❢ ❙
✹
❳❩
❃
❙ ❬❜ ❬❪
❃
❱ ❳
❇
❳ ❵ ❬ ❩ ❙
❃
❭ ❴
❃
❤ ❣ ❘ ❱ ❳
❴
✹
❳❴ ❯ ③ ❳❫
❃
❙ ❜
✉ ❃
❙ ❯
❃
❱ ❳ ❴
✹
❳❴ ❬❪ ❯❳❩
❃
❬
✹
❤
♥
❤
✇
④ ⑤
⑥ ⑦ ⑧⑨ ⑩❶
❤ ❤
✇ ❁
✾
❄
❊
✹ ❇
❯❙ ❜ ❴ ●
① ❃❁
❷ ❣ ●
●   ✁ ❱ ✂ ✄ ✁ ✄ ✂ ❆ ☎ ✶ ✆ ✝
✞
❚ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✡ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✌ ❝ ✕ ✌ ✓ ✑
✌ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✟ ❡ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✠ ✓ ✏ ❝ ✌ ☛ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✟ ❝ ✠ ✡ ✓ ✍ ✘ ☛ ✌ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✑ ✘ ✌
✍ ✡ ✡ ✕ ❛ ✌ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘ ✍ ☞ ✔ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✌ ❝ ✕ ✌ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✟ ✌
✌ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✟ ❝ ✌ ☛ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✘ ✛ ✎ ✑ ✛ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✠ ✘ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✌
✡ s ✕ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✟ ✌ ❝ ✠ ✡ ✓ ✍ ✘ ☛ ✌ ✔ ✎ ✑ ❛ ✓ ✟ ✌ ☛ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✟ ✌
✌ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✟ ✜ ✒ ✌ ✒ ✠ ☞ ☞ ✟ ✍ ✗ ✌
✷
♠ ♠
✢ ✣ ✤
❾
❀
➊ ✷
❊
❣ ✣ ✤
✍ ✘ ❝ ✒ ✌ ✖ ✌ ✓
✥
✥
✦
✦
✧
❘
★
✩ ❘
❂
;
✪ ✫ ✬ ✬ ✭ ✮
✙
✯ ✰
✠ ✘ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✌ ✌ ❛ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✟ ✍ ✗ ✍ ☞ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✔
✱
;  ✾
✙
✮
❛ ✡
✲ ✳
✍ ✘ ❝
✓ ✟ ✌ ✗ ✍ ☞ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✔ ✍
✴
✔ ✎ ✑ ❛ ♦ s ✙
✭ ✮
✙
✪ ✰
✙ ❚ ✟ ✌ ✡ ✌
✑ ✵ ✡ ✌ ✎ ✗ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘ ✡ ☞ ✌ ❝ ✸✌ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✑ ✛ ✎ ✑ ✛ ✑ ✡ ✌ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✑ ☞ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✠ ✘ ✖
❯ ✘ ✠ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✹ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✺ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘ ✻
♦ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✵ ✑ ❝ ✏ ✠ ✘ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✕ ✘ ✠ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✎
✵ ✑ ❝ ✏ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✟ ✍ ✔ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✒ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✡ ❝ ✠ ✎ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✏ ✛ ✎ ✑ ✛ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘ ✍ ☞
✓ ✑ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✛ ✎ ✑ ❝ ✕ ☛ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✠ ✎ ❛ ✍ ✡ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✘ ❝ ✠ ✘ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✏
✛ ✎ ✑ ✛ ✑ ✎ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✑ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✡ s ✕ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✟ ✌ ❝ ✠ ✡ ✓ ✍ ✘ ☛ ✌
✵ ✌ ✓ ✒ ✌ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✟ ✌ ❛ ✙
❚ ✟ ✌ s ✕ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✡ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✠ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✏ ✔ ✎ ✑ ❛ ✸ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✘ ❡ ✡
✔ ✍ ❛ ✑ ✕ ✡ ✓ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✌ ❝ ✼ ✽ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✌ ❛ ✍ ✓ ✠ ☛ ✍ ☞ ✿ ✎ ✠ ✘ ☛ ✠ ✛ ☞ ✌ ✡
✑ ✔ ✸ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✿ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✑ ✡ ✑ ✛ ✟ ✏ ❡
✭
✿ ✎ ✠ ✘ ☛ ✠ ✛ ✠ ✍ ✔ ✑ ✎ ✡ ✟ ✑ ✎ ✓
✰
✙
❙ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✌ ❝ ✽ ✍ ✓ ✟ ✌ ❛ ✍ ✓ ✠ ☛ ✍ ☞ ☞ ✏ ✜ ✸ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✘ ❡ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘
☞ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✌ ✍ ❝ ✡ ✻ ❚ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✌ ❋ ✑ ✘ ✍ ✛ ✑ ✠ ✘ ✓ ❛ ✍ ✡ ✡ ❁
❃
❝ ✕ ✌
✓ ✑ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✎ ✛ ✑ ✠ ✘ ✓ ❛ ✍ ✡ ✡ ❁
❄
✟ ✍ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✌ ❛ ✍ ✖ ✘ ✠ ✓ ✕ ❝ ✌
❅ ❇
❇
⑤ ⑤
❈ ❈
❉
r
❍■
✭ ✮
✙ ❏
✰
♦ s ✕ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘
✭ ✮
✙ ❏
✰
☛ ✍ ✘ ✵ ✌ ✌
❑
✛ ✎ ✌ ✡ ✡ ✌ ❝ ✠ ✘ ✗ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✑ ✎ ❛ ✍ ✡
$
▲ ▼
$
◆ ❖ ◆ ❖
❖ ❖
P P
◗ ◗ ◗ ◗
❲ ❲
❳ ❳
❨ ❨❩ ❬ ❬
$
❭ ❪
❫
❴
❵ ❵
❜❞ ❢
❢
✒ ✟ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✺ ✠ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✕ ✘ ✠ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘ ✍ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✘ ✡ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✓ ✜
$
❤
✠ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✕ ✘ ✠ ✓ ✗ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✎ ✑ ❛ ❁
✐
✓ ✑ ❁
✳
✍ ✘ ❝ ❥ ❦ ❥
✳
❧ ❥
✐
✍ ✡ ✡ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✠ ✘ ♥ ✠ ✖ ✙
✮
✙
✪
✙
❚ ✟ ✌ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘ ✍ ☞ ✔ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✓ ✠ ✗ ✌ ✜ ✠ ✙ ✌ ✙ ✜ ✓ ✟ ✌
✔ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✌ ❋ ✠ ✡ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✘ ✖ ❧ ❥ ✙ ❚ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✛ ✑ ✠ ✘ ✓ ❛ ✍ ✡ ✡ ❁
✐
❝ ✕ ✌ ✓ ✑ ❁
✳
✠ ✡ ✑ ✔ ☛ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✡ ✌ ❧ ❋ ✵ ✏ ✸ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✘ ❡ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✠ ✎ ❝ ☞ ✍ ✒ ✙
❚ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✜ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✖ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘ ✍ ☞ ✔ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✌ ❋
✐ ✳
✑ ✘ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✵ ✑ ❝ ✏ ♣
❝ ✕ ✌ ✓ ✑ q ✍ ✘ ❝ ❋
✳ ✐
✑ ✘ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✵ ✑ ❝ ✏ q ❝ ✕ ✌ ✓ ✑ ♣ ✍ ✎ ✌
✎ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✌ ❝ ✍ ✡ ❋
✐ ✳
❦ ❧ t
✳ ✐
✙
✉✌ ✔ ✑ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✘ ✍ ✛ ✛ ☞ ✏ ♦ s ✙
✭ ✮
✙ ❏
✰
✓ ✑ ✑ ✵ ✈ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✕ ✘ ❝ ✌ ✎
☛ ✑ ✘ ✡ ✠ ❝ ✌ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘ ✜ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✓ ✑ ✵ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✕ ☞ ✡ ✠ ✘ ☛ ✌ ✓ ✟ ✌
☞ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✓ ✑ ✇ ① ② ③ ④ ❛ ✍ ✡ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✟ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✌ ❝ ✌ ✍ ☞ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✟
✌
❑
✓ ✌ ✘ ❝ ✌ ❝ ✑ ✵ ✈ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✟ ✟ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✔ ✠ ✘ ✠ ✓ ✌ ✡ ✠ ⑥ ✌ ✙ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✌
✟ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✑ ☞ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✔ ✛ ✑ ✠ ✘ ✓ ❛ ✍ ✡ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✜ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✘
✍ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✟ ✌ ❛ ✠ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✗ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✡ ✕ ❛ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✟ ✌
✖ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✘ ✍ ☞ ✔ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✌
❑
✌ ✎ ✓ ✌ ❝ ✵ ✏ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✑ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✎ ✛ ✑ ✠ ✘ ✓
❛ ✍ ✡ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✡ ✡ ✟ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✠ ✘ ♥ ✠ ✖
✮
✙
✯
✙
⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶⑩❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻❼ ❽ ❺ ❽ ❼ ❿➀ ❺ ➁ ➂❿ ❹ ➃ ➄ ❿➀ ➅ ❿ ❼ ➀ ❽ ➆ ❺ ➇➇ ➆
➈
❼ ➇ ❽➉ ➄
❻ ➄➃ ❽ ❿ ❹ ➇
➋
➆ ❿➂ ❽➉ ➄
➌
❹ ❺ ❻❼ ❽ ❺ ❽ ❼ ❿➀ ❺ ➁ ➂❿ ❹ ➃ ➄➇ ➄
➍
➄ ❹ ❽➄
➎
➏ ➐ ➆
➑
➒ ➆
➓
❺ ➀
➎
➆
➔
→
➣ ↔ ↕ ➙ ➛ ➙ ➜ ➝ ➞ ➛ ➟ ➠ ↕ ➛ ➡ ➆
➢
➤ ➥
✳ ✐
✐
✳
✳ ✐
➦ ➧ ➧
➨
➩➫
$
➭
✐
✳ ✐
✳
➭
✐
➦ ➧ ➧
➨
➯➲
$ $
➳ ✐
➭
✐ ➳ ✐
✳
➳ ✐
➦ ➧ ➧
➨
➯➲ ➲
➵ ➸ ➺ ➻ ➼ ➽ ➾ ➚ ➪ ➶
❚ ✟ ✎ ✌ ✌ ✌ s ✕ ✍ ☞ ❛ ✍ ✡ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✔ ❛
➹
✖
✌ ✍ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✠
❑
✌ ❝ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✔ ✍ ✘
✌ s ✕ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✓ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✘ ✖ ☞ ✌
➘
✉
➴
✙
✭
✍
✰
➷ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✓ ✠ ✘ ✖ ✑ ✘ ✍ ❛ ✍ ✡ ✡ q ❁
✛ ☞ ✍ ☛ ✌ ❝ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✟ ✌ ☛ ✌ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✑ ✠ ❝ ✺ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✓ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✘ ✖ ☞ ✌ ➬
✭
✵
✰
➷ ✟ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✡ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✠ ✔ ✓ ✟ ✌ ❛ ✍ ✡ ✡ ✍ ✓ ✓ ✟ ✌
✗ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✌
❑ ➘
✠ ✡ ❝ ✑ ✕ ✵ ☞ ✌ ❝ ➬
❚ ✍
➹
✌
➘
✺ ➮ ✉ ✺ ➮
➴
✺ ➮ ♣ ❛
✭
✡ ✌ ✌ ♥ ✠ ✖ ✙
✮
✙ ❏
✰
⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶⑩➱ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❽ ❺ ❽ ❼ ❿➀ ❺ ➁ ➂❿ ❹ ➃ ➄ ❿➀ ➆
➢
➎ ➋
➄ ❽❿ ➆
✃
❼ ➇ ❺ ➁ ❿➀
➌
❐ ❒
➉ ➄ ❹ ➄ ❽➉ ➄ ❻ ➄➃ ❽❿ ❹
❐
❼ ➇
❮ ❐
✃
❰ ❐
➢
Ï Ð
Ñ
✶     P ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄
❆ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✭ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✗ ☛ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✍ ✎
♣ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✎ ① ✲ ☛ ✢ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✣ ✤ ✥ ☛ ✏ ✘ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✔ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✏
✖ ● ☛ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✑ ☛ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✎ ① ✲ ☛ ✢ ✛ ✚ ✦ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✛ ✏ ✘ ✛ ✜ ✛ ✘ ✧ ☛ ✒ ★ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✎ ✚
✛ ✏ ✜ ✎ ✪ ✔ ✙ ✩ ✏ ✙ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✛ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✩ ✎
✫ ✮
✬ ✯
✷
❼
✰
✱ ✳ ✳
❂❋ ✴
✵ ✸
✹ ✺
✬ ✻
✷
❼ ❼
❝ ✼ s ✽ ✾ s ✿ ❀ ✽ ✾
✰
✱ ✳ ✳
❁ ❁
❂ ❃ ❃❋ ❄ ✴
❅ ❇
❈ ❉
❊ ❍
■
❏ ❏
❑ ▲ ▼ ◆ ❖ ▼ ◗ ❘ ◆ ❖
❙
❚ ❯ ❯
❱ ❱
❲ ❳ ❾❨ ❩ ❥
❬
✩ ✙
♦
✔ ✍ ✎ ♣ ✩ ✛ ✏ ✪ ✛ ♣ ✒ ✎ ✙ ★ ✚ ✧ ♣ ✎ ✩ ♣ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✕
✙ ★ ✜ ✎ ✪ ✔ ✙ ✩ ☛ ✘ ✘ ✛ ✔ ✛ ✙ ✏
❭
✔ ✍ ✎ ✩ ✎ ✚ ✧ ✒ ✔ ☛ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✩ ☛ ✜ ✛ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✛ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✒
★ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✎
❪
❫
✙ ✏ ✭
❴ ♠
☞ ✛ ✚
❪
❫
❵
❪
❛ ❜
❞
❪
❛ ❡
❞
❪
❛ ❢
❣ ❤
✐✐
❦❦❧♥ q rt ✉ ✈
✇
q r② ③t
✇
④
✇
④
⑤⑤
⑥
⑦⑧⑦⑨ ⑩ ❶⑩ ❶
❷ ❸ ❹❺ ❹❻❽ ❿
➀
❺ ❹➁ ➂ ❻
➀
➃
➄
➅➆➇
➈➈
➉➊➋ ➌
➍
✒ ✔ ✎ ✩ ✏ ☛ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✎ ✒
➎ ❭
✙ ✏ ✎ ✎ ✢ ♣ ✎ ✪ ✔ ✚ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✓ ☛ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✙ ★
✚
➎ ♦ ♦
✎ ✔ ✩
➎
✔ ✍ ☛ ✔ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✩ ✎ ✚ ✧ ✒ ✔ ☛ ✏ ✔ ★ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✎ ✙ ✧ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✔ ✙ ✓ ✎
➏
✎ ✩ ✙ ✦
✭ ✓ ☞ ●
➎
✚
➎ ♦ ♦
✎ ✔ ✩
➎
✔ ✍ ✎ ① ✲ ✪ ✙
♦
♣ ✙ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✙ ★ ✔ ✍ ✎
★ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✎ ✪ ☛ ✏ ✪ ✎ ✒ ✚ ✙ ✧ ✔ ✦ ✌ ✍ ✎
➐
✲ ✪ ✙
♦
♣ ✙ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✚ ✧ ✩ ✜ ✛ ✜ ✎ ✚ ✦
⑦⑦⑦⑨
✇
④
✇
④
✇
➑
⑤⑤⑤
⑩ ❶⑩ ❶⑩ ❶
➒
♥❦♥
➓
❬
✙ ✩ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✩ ☛ ✜ ✛ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✛ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✒ ★ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✏
✎ ✢ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✙ ✓
➔
✎ ✪ ✔ ✭ ✒ ✛
→
✎ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✎ ☛ ✩ ✔ ✍ ☞ ☛ ✏ ✘ ☛ ♣ ✙ ✛ ✏ ✔
♦
☛ ✚ ✚
❭
➣ ↔
✦ ✭
↕
✦
➙
☞ ✛ ✚ ✏ ✙ ✔ ✘ ✛ ✩ ✎ ✪ ✔ ✒
➎
☛ ♣ ♣ ✒ ✛ ✪ ☛ ✓ ✒ ✎ ✦
➣
☛ ✪ ✍ ♣ ✙ ✛ ✏ ✔
♦
☛ ✚ ✚
✛ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✢ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✙ ✓
➔
✎ ✪ ✔ ✕ ✛ ✒ ✒ ✎ ✢ ✎ ✩ ✔ ☛ ★ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✎ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✎
✑ ✛ ✜ ✎ ✏ ♣ ✙ ✛ ✏ ✔
♦
☛ ✚ ✚ ☛ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✚ ✎ ★ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✎ ✕ ✛ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✔ ☛ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✛ ✏
✔ ✍ ✎ ✚ ☛
♦
✎ ✘ ✛ ✩ ✎ ✪ ✔ ✛ ✙ ✏ ✦
➛
✎ ✍ ☛ ✜ ✎ ✔ ✙ ☛ ✘ ✘ ✧ ♣ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✚ ✎ ★ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✎ ✚
✜ ✎ ✪ ✔ ✙ ✩ ✛ ☛ ✒ ✒
➎
★ ✙ ✩ ☛ ✒ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✎ ♣ ✙ ✛ ✏ ✔
♦
☛ ✚ ✚ ✎ ✚ ✛ ✏ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✢ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✘
✙ ✓
➔
✎ ✪ ✔ ✔ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✙ ✔ ☛ ✒ ★ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✎ ✦ ✌ ✍ ✛ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✎ ☛ ✚ ✛ ✒
➎
✘ ✙ ✏ ✎
✧ ✚ ✛ ✏ ✑ ✪ ☛ ✒ ✪ ✧ ✒ ✧ ✚ ✦
❬
✙ ✩ ✔ ✕ ✙ ✚ ♣ ✎ ✪ ✛ ☛ ✒ ✪ ☛ ✚ ✎ ✚
❭
☛ ✚ ✛
♦
♣ ✒ ✎
✒ ☛ ✕ ✩ ✎ ✚ ✧ ✒ ✔ ✚ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✏
➎
✙ ✧ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✍ ☛ ✔
➜
✭
➝
☞
➞ ➟ ➠ ➡ ➢ ➤➥ ➠ ➢ ➡ ➦ ➧➧ ➤➦ ➥ ➧ ➨ ➢ ➩ ➫ ➠ ➧ ➭ ➠ ➠ ➩ ➦ ➟ ➢ ➯ ➯ ➢ ➭
➲ ➳
➟ ➠ ➤➨ ➥ ➦ ➯
➲
➟ ➠ ➯ ➯ ➢ ➡
➵
➩ ➨ ➡ ➢ ➤
➸ ➺
➠ ➩
➲
➨ ➧
➻
➦ ➩
➺
➦
➳
➢ ➨ ➩ ➧
➸
➦
➲ ➲ ➲
➨ ➧
➵
➦ ➧ ➠
➺
➢
➵
➧
➲
➨
➺
➠ ➨
➲
➼
➵ ➲
➧ ➦
➲
➨ ➡
➧ ➟ ➠ ➠ ➩ ➧ ➨ ➤ ➠
➸
➦
➲ ➲
➢ ➡ ➧ ➟ ➠
➲
➟ ➠ ➯ ➯ ➨
➲
➥ ➢ ➩ ➥ ➠ ➩ ➧ ➤➦ ➧ ➠
➺
➦ ➧ ➧➟ ➠ ➥ ➠ ➩ ➧ ➤➠ ➢ ➡ ➧➟ ➠
➲
➟ ➠ ➯ ➯ ➽
➾ ✧ ☛ ✒ ✛ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✛ ✜ ✎ ✒
➎
✔ ✍ ✛ ✚ ✪ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✎ ✧ ✏ ✘ ✎ ✩ ✚ ✔ ✙ ✙ ✘ ☛ ✚
★ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✚
➜
✖ ✩ ☛ ✜ ✛ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✛ ✙ ✏ ☛ ✒ ★ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✎ ✚ ✪ ☛ ✧ ✚ ✎ ✘ ✓
➎
✔ ✍ ✎
✜ ☛ ✩ ✛ ✙ ✧ ✚ ✩ ✎ ✑ ✛ ✙ ✏ ✚ ✙ ★ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✒ ✍ ☛ ✜ ✎
✪ ✙
♦
♣ ✙ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✚ ☛ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✛ ✏ ✎
➔
✙ ✛ ✏ ✛ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✍ ✎ ♣ ✙ ✛ ✏ ✔
♦
☛ ✚ ✚ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✪ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✩ ✎ ☛ ✚ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✒ ☛ ✚ ☛ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✑ ☛
✘ ✛ ✩ ✎ ✪ ✔ ✛ ✙ ✏ ♣ ✩ ✎ ♣ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✛ ✪ ✧ ✒ ☛ ✩ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✍ ✛ ✚ ✒ ✛ ✏ ✎ ✦ ✌ ✍ ✎
✪ ✙
♦
♣ ✙ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✚ ♣ ✩ ✎ ♣ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✛ ✪ ✧ ✒ ☛ ✩ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✍ ✛ ✚ ✒ ✛ ✏ ✎
✪ ☛ ✏ ✪ ✎ ✒ ✙ ✧ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✧
♦ ♦
✛ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✜ ✎ ✩ ☛ ✒ ✒ ✩ ✎ ✑ ✛ ✙ ✏ ✚
✙ ★ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✒ ✒ ✎ ☛ ✜ ✛ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✏ ✒
➎
☛ ✩ ✎ ✚ ✧ ✒ ✔ ☛ ✏ ✔ ★ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✎
☛ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✛ ✏ ✎
➔
✙ ✛ ✏ ✛ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✍ ✎ ♣ ✙ ✛ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✍ ✎ ✪ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✩ ✎ ✦
✌ ✍ ✎
♦
☛ ✑ ✏ ✛ ✔ ✧ ✘ ✎ ✙ ★ ✔ ✍ ✛ ✚ ★ ✙ ✩ ✪ ✎ ✕ ✙ ✩
→
✚ ✙ ✧ ✔ ✔ ✙
✓ ✎ ☛ ✚ ✚ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✎ ✘ ☛ ✓ ✙ ✜ ✎ ✦
➚ ➪ ➶ ➹ ➘ ➴➷ ➬ ➮ ➱ ✃ ➴❐ ✃ ❒ ✃ ❮
❰ Ï Ð Ñ Ï Ò Ó Ô Õ Ö × Ò Ø Ù Ñ Ô Ú Ï Õ Ó Û Ü Ú Ó Û Ò Õ Ñ Ô Ý Þ ß à á à â ã ä Ó Ï Ô å å × Ù å æ Ï Ø Ï å Ú × Ö Ú Ó Ï Ù å Õ Ï Ò Ñ ß Û å ç Ù å Û è Ï Ò Ü Ô Ñ Ñ Ô Ý × Ö
ç Ò Ô è Û Ú Ô Ú Û × å æ Ô Ø Ï Ô Þ × Ù Ú Ü Ï è Ï å Ú ß ß Ï Ô Ò Ü Ñ Ô Ú Ï Ò Ý Û Ú Ó Ú Ó Ï Ð Ù Þ Ñ Û æ Ô Ú Û × å Û å à á é ê × Ö ë Ï Ý Ú × å ì Ü Ø Ô Ü Ú Ï Ò Ð Û Ï æ Ï
➮
í
✃
î
➘ ➬ ➘ ❒
í
✃ ❮ ➪ ➚ ❮ ➹
ï
➱ ❮
î
✃ ➬ ➮ ➱ ✃ ➴❐ ✃ ❒ ✃ ❮
ð
❮ ➹
í
➪
ñ
❮ ➹ ✃ ❐ ❮
ò
× Ö Ú Ï å Ü Û Ø Ð Ñ ß æ Ô Ñ Ñ Ï Õ Ú Ó Ï ➮ ➱ ✃ ➴❐ ✃ ❒ ✃ ❮ ã
ó Ò × Ù å Õ à á é ô
ò
õ Õ Ø Ù å Õ ö Ô Ñ Ñ Ï ß ÷ Ô Ö Ú Ï Ò Ý Ó × Ø Ú Ó Ï Ö Ô Ø × ÙÜ ö Ô Ñ Ñ Ï ß ì Ü æ × Ø Ï Ú Û Ü å Ô Ø Ï Õ ø
ò
æ Ô Ø Ï Ú × è Û Ü Û Ú
ë Ï Ý Ú × å Ô Ú ù Ô Ø Þ Ò Û Õ çÏ Ô å Õ Ô Ü ú Ï Õ Ó Û Ø Ô Þ × Ù Ú Ú Ó Ï å Ô Ú Ù Ò Ï × Ö Ú Ó Ï Ú Ò Ô û Ï æ Ú × Ò ß × Ö Ô Þ × Õ ß Ø × è Û å ç Ù å Õ Ï Ò Ú Ó Ï
Û å Ö Ñ ÙÏ å æ Ï × Ö Ô å Û å è Ï Ò Ü Ï Ü
ü
Ù Ô Ò Ï Ñ Ô Ý ã
ý
Û Ú Ó × Ù Ú Ó Ï Ü Û Ú Ô Ú Û × å ë Ï Ý Ú × å Ò Ï Ð Ñ Û Ï Õ Ú Ó Ô Ú Û Ú Ó Ô Õ Ú × Þ Ï Ô å Ï Ñ Ñ Û Ð Ü Ï
ò
Ô å Õ Ö Ù Ò Ú Ó Ï Ò Ú Ó Ô Ú Ó Ï Ó Ô Õ Ý × Ò ú Ï Õ Û Ú × Ù Ú Ñ × å ç Ô ç × Ô Ò × Ù å Õ à á á ô Ý Ó Ï å Ó Ï Ý Ô Ü Ö × Ò æ Ï Õ Ú × Ò Ï Ú Û Ò Ï Ú × Ó Û Ü Ö Ô Ò Ø
Ó × ÙÜ Ï Ö Ò × Ø ù Ô Ø Þ Ò Û Õ çÏ × å Ô æ æ × Ù å Ú × Ö Ô Ð Ñ Ô çÙÏ × ÙÚ Þ Ò Ï Ô ú ã þ å Ö × Ò Ú Ù å Ô Ú Ï Ñ ß
ò
ë Ï Ý Ú × å Ó Ô Õ Ñ × Ü Ú Ó Û Ü Ð Ô Ð Ï Ò Ü ã
ö Ô Ñ Ñ Ï ß Ð Ò Ï è Ô Û Ñ Ï Õ ÙÐ × å ë Ï Ý Ú × å Ú × Ð Ò × Õ Ù æ Ï Ó Û Ü Ý × Ò ú Û å Þ × × ú Ö × Ò Ø Ô å Õ Ô çÒ Ï Ï Õ Ú × Þ Ï Ô Ò Ú Ó Ï æ × Ü Ú × Ö
Ð Ù Þ Ñ Û æ Ô Ú Û × å ã ë Ï Ý Ú × å Ô æ æ × Ø Ð Ñ Û Ü Ó Ï Õ Ú Ó Û Ü Ö Ï Ô Ú Û å Ï Û çÓ Ú Ï Ï å Ø × å Ú Ó Ü × Ö Ü ÙÐ Ï Ò Ó Ù Ø Ô å Ï Ö Ö × Ò Ú ã ä Ó Ï ➮ ➱ ✃ ➴❐ ✃ ❒ ✃ ❮
Û Ü Ô Ü Û å çÙ Ñ Ô Ò Ü æ Û Ï å Ú Û Ö Û æ Ø Ô Ü Ú Ï Ò Ð Û Ï æ Ï Ô å Õ Û å Ú Ó Ï Ý × Ò Õ Ü × Ö ÿ Ô ç Ò Ô å çÏ Û Ú Û Ü ❞ Ú Ó Ï ç Ò Ï Ô Ú Ï Ü Ú Ð Ò × Õ Ù æ Ú Û × å × Ö Ú Ó Ï
Ó ÙØ Ô å Ø Û å Õ ã
❤
ä Ó Ï
 
å Õ Û Ô å Þ × Ò å Ô Ü Ú Ò × Ð Ó ß Ü Û æ Û Ü Ú Ô å Õ ë × Þ Ï Ñ Ñ Ô Ù Ò Ï Ô Ú Ï
❡
ã ù Ó Ô å Õ Ò Ô Ü Ï ú Ó Ô Ò Ü Ð Ï å Ú Ú Ï å
ß Ï Ô Ò Ü Ý Ò Û Ú Û å ç Ô Ú Ò Ï Ô Ú Û Ü Ï × å Ú Ó Ï ➮ ➱ ✃ ➴❐ ✃ ❒ ✃ ❮ ã ö Û Ü Þ × × ú
ò
ë Ï Ý Ú × å ì Ü ➮ ➱ ✃ ➴❐ ✃ ❒ ✃ ❮ P ➘ ➱ ➹
í
➪ ✁ ➘
ñ ñ
➘ ➴ ✂ ➪ ❮ ✄ ➪ ➱
Þ Ò Û å çÜ Û å Ú × Ü Ó Ô Ò Ð Ö × æ Ù Ü Ú Ó Ï Þ Ï Ô Ù Ú ß
ò
æ Ñ Ô Ò Û Ú ß Ô å Õ Þ Ò Ï Ô Ú Ó Ú Ô ú Û å ç Ï æ × å × Ø ß × Ö ë Ï Ý Ú × å ì Ü Ø Ï Ú Ó × Õ Ü ã
❋ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ❚ ✠ ✡ ☛☛ ☛☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✑✑☛✑ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✓ ☛ ✔ ✍ ✕ ✕ ✠ ☛ ✕ ✠ ✡ ☛☛
✈
☛ ✡ ✕
✖
✓ ☛✑
✗✘
✕ ✠ ☛
✙ ✥ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✥
✏ ✍ ✑✑
✢
✏
✖
✑ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✓ ☛✔
✍ ✕ ✕ ✠ ☛ ✓ ☛
❛
✕ ✡
✗✖
✔
♦
ã
●   ✁ ❱ ✂ ✄ ✁ ✄ ✂ ❆ ☎ ✶ ✆ ✝
✭ ✞ ✟ ❚ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌❝ ✡ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✎✎✌✍ ❝ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✡ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✔ ✔ ☞ ✕
s ✖ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✏ ❝ ✍ ✔ s ✠ ✡ ✔ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✓ ✑ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✌♠ ✒ ✡ ✑ s ✏ ✎✗ ✘ ☞ ✑ ✍
✖ ☞ ✏ ✑ ✎ ♠ ✍ s s s ✏ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✎✡ ✒ ✏ ✑ s ✏ ✒ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✏ s ♣ ✡ ✌ ☞ ♦
◗ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✤ ✛ ✥ ✦ ✧ ✤ ★ ✚ ✩ ✚ ✪ ✚ ✜ ✩ ✙ ✩ ✫ ✤ ✬ ✮ ✢ ✚ ✩ ✫ ✢ ✯ ✜ ✮
✬ ✤ ✮ ✙ ✛ ✢ ❡ ✰ ✚ ✬ ✜ ❛ ✙ ✮ ✬ ✤ ✪ ✜ ❛ ✩ ✮ ❛ ✱ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✮ ✲ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✜ ★ ✚ ✛ ✮ ✯ ✤ ✛ ✛
✚ ✢ ✢ ✬ ✚ ★ ✢ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✲ ❛ ✜ ✩ ✢ ✳ ✚ ✮ ✮ ✜ ✩ ✮ ✜ ✫ ✤ ✜ ✢ ✜ ✩ ✣ ✚ ✬ ✜ ❛ ✙ ✮
✫ ✜ ✬ ✤ ★ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩ ✮ ❡ ✴ ✯ ✤ ✮ ✤ ✱ ❛ ✬ ★ ✤ ✮ ★ ✚ ✩ ★ ✤ ✛ ✤ ✚ ★ ✯ ❛ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✬
★ ❛ ✳ ✲ ✛ ✤ ✢ ✤ ✛ ✥ ❡
✽ ♦ ✵ ❚ ✷ ✸ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✾ ❚ ✻ ❚ ✾ ✿ ❀ ✻ ❁ ❂ ✿ ❀❃ ❚ ✻ ❀ ❚
✴ ✯ ✤ ✣ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✤ ❛ ✱ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✪ ✬ ✚ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩ ✚ ✛ ★ ❛ ✩ ✮ ✢ ✚ ✩ ✢
❄
✤ ✩ ✢ ✤ ✬ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✢ ✯ ✤
❅
✩ ✜ ✣ ✤ ✬ ✮ ✚ ✛ ✛ ✚ ✧ ❛ ✱ ✪ ✬ ✚ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩ ★ ✚ ✩
❇
✤
✫ ✤ ✢ ✤ ✬ ✳ ✜ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✤
❈
✲ ✤ ✬ ✜ ✳ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✛ ✛ ✥ ✚ ✩ ✫ ✢ ✯ ✜ ✮ ✧ ✚ ✮ ✱ ✜ ✬ ✮ ✢
✫ ❛ ✩ ✤
❇
✥
❞
✩ ✪ ✛ ✜ ✮ ✯ ✮ ★ ✜ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✜ ✮ ✢
❉
✤ ✩ ✬ ✥
❊
✚ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✫ ✜ ✮ ✯ ✜ ✩
❋ ❍ ■ ❏
❡ ✴ ✯ ✤ ✚ ✲ ✲ ✚ ✬ ✚ ✢ ✙ ✮ ✙ ✮ ✤ ✫
❇
✥ ✯ ✜ ✳ ✜ ✮
✮ ★ ✯ ✤ ✳ ✚ ✢ ✜ ★ ✚ ✛ ✛ ✥ ✮ ✯ ❛ ✧ ✩ ✜ ✩ ✱ ✜ ✪ ✙ ✬ ✤ ❡
❏
❡
❑
▲ ▼ ◆ ❖ P ❖ ❘ ❙ ❯ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❯ ❪ ❫ ❩ ❴ ❭ ❵ ❜ ❢ ❣ ❤ ❩ ✐ ❳ ❵ ❪ ❭ ❥ ❲ ❦ ❥
❳❧♥ ❳❫ ❭ ❨ ❳ ❵ ❬ q ❙
r
❩ ❵ ❪ ❙
t
❩ ❫ ❳ ✉ ❩ ❫ ❜ ❳ ❥ ♥ ❲ ❳❫ ❳❥
❴ ❲ ❭ ❯ ❲ ❩ ❫ ❳
✈
❳ ♥ ❬ ❢ ❵ ❳ ❭ ❬ ❲ ❳❫ ❥ ❭ ❪ ❳
✇
❥ ❲ ❢ ❴ ❵
❥ ❲ ❩ ❪ ❳❥① ❢❣ ❬❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❥❥ ❳❥ ❩ ❬ ② ❩ ❵ ❪ ③ q ④ ❲ ❳❵
❬❲ ❳ ⑤ ❭ ❜ ❥ ♥ ❲ ❳ ❫ ❳ ❥ ❩ ❫ ❳ ❬ ❩
✈
❳❵ ❬❢ ❬❲ ❳ ❢❬❲ ❳ ❫ ❥❭ ❪ ❳
❢❣ ❬ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❥❥❳❥
✇
❥ ❲ ❢❴ ❵ ⑤
⑥
❪ ❢❬❬❳ ❪ ❯ ❭ ❫ ❯ ✉ ❳❥①
⑦
❬❲ ❳
⑤ ❩ ❫ ② ③ ❫ ❢ ❬ ❩ ❬ ❳ ❥ ❩ ✉ ❭ ❬ ❬ ✉ ❳ ❥ ❭ ❵ ❯ ❳ ❬ ❲ ❳ ❬ ❢ ❫ ⑧ ⑨ ❳
❫ ❳ ✐ ❳ ❫ ❥❳❥ ❪ ❭ ❫ ❳ ❯ ❬ ❭ ❢ ❵ q ⑩ ❲ ❳ ❩ ❵ ❜ ✉ ❳ ❢❣ ❫ ❢❬ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❢ ❵ ❯ ❩ ❵
⑤ ❳ ❨ ❳❩ ❥ ⑨ ❫ ❳ ❪ ❳❧ ♥ ❳ ❫ ❭ ❨ ❳❵ ❬ ❩ ✉ ✉
⑥
q
✴ ✯ ✤
❇
✚ ✬ ❶ ❷ ✯ ✚ ✮ ✢ ✧ ❛ ✮ ✳ ✚ ✛ ✛ ✛ ✤ ✚ ✫ ✮ ✲ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ✮
✚ ✢ ✢ ✚ ★ ✯ ✤ ✫ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✢ ✮ ✤ ✩ ✫ ✮ ❡ ✴ ✯ ✤
❇
✚ ✬ ✜ ✮ ✮ ✙ ✮ ✲ ✤ ✩ ✫ ✤ ✫ ✱ ✬ ❛ ✳
✚ ✬ ✜ ✪ ✜ ✫ ✮ ✙ ✲ ✲ ❛ ✬ ✢
❇
✥ ✚ ✱ ✜ ✩ ✤ ✧ ✜ ✬ ✤ ❡ ✴ ✧ ❛ ✛ ✚ ✬ ✪ ✤ ✛ ✤ ✚ ✫
✮ ✲ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ✮ ✚ ✬ ✤
❇
✬ ❛ ✙ ✪ ✯ ✢ ★ ✛ ❛ ✮ ✤ ✢ ❛ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✮ ✳ ✚ ✛ ✛ ❛ ✩ ✤ ✮
❇
✙ ✢
❛ ✩ ❛ ✲ ✲ ❛ ✮ ✜ ✢ ✤ ✮ ✜ ✫ ✤ ✮ ✚ ✮ ✮ ✯ ❛ ✧ ✩ ❡ ✴ ✯ ✤
❇
✜ ✪ ✮ ✲ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ✮
✚ ✢ ✢ ✬ ✚ ★ ✢ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✩ ✤ ✚ ✬
❇
✥ ✮ ✳ ✚ ✛ ✛ ❛ ✩ ✤ ✮
❇
✥ ✤ ❸ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✩ ✫
❛ ✲ ✲ ❛ ✮ ✜ ✢ ✤ ✱ ❛ ✬ ★ ✤ ✚ ✮ ✮ ✯ ❛ ✧ ✩ ❡ ✴ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ✜ ✮ ✩ ❛ ✩ ✤ ✢ ✱ ❛ ✬ ★ ✤
❛ ✩ ✢ ✯ ✤
❇
✚ ✬
❇
✙ ✢ ❛ ✩ ✛ ✥ ✚ ✢ ❛ ✬ ❸ ✙ ✤ ✧ ✯ ✜ ★ ✯ ✜ ✮ ★ ✛ ✤ ✚ ✬ ✛ ✥
✤ ❸ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✢ ❛ ❹ ✢ ✜ ✳ ✤ ✮ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✛ ✤ ✩ ✪ ✢ ✯ ❛ ✱ ✢ ✯ ✤
❇
✚ ✬ ✦ ✧ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ❹ ✜ ✮
✢ ✯ ✤ ✱ ❛ ✬ ★ ✤ ❛ ✱ ✚ ✢ ✢ ✬ ✚ ★ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩
❇
✤ ✢ ✧ ✤ ✤ ✩ ✚
❇
✜ ✪ ✮ ✲ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ✚ ✩ ✫
✜ ✢ ✮ ✩ ✤ ✜ ✪ ✯
❇
❛ ✙ ✬ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✮ ✳ ✚ ✛ ✛ ✮ ✲ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ❡ ❺ ✙ ✤ ✢ ❛ ✢ ✯ ✜ ✮
✢ ❛ ✬ ❸ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✮ ✙ ✮ ✲ ✤ ✩ ✫ ✤ ✫ ✧ ✜ ✬ ✤ ✪ ✤ ✢ ✮ ✢ ✧ ✜ ✮ ✢ ✤ ✫ ✢ ✜ ✛ ✛ ✮ ✙ ★ ✯
✢ ✜ ✳ ✤ ✚ ✮ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ✮ ✢ ❛ ✬ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✢ ❛ ✬ ❸ ✙ ✤ ❛ ✱ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✧ ✜ ✬ ✤ ✤ ❸ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✮
✢ ✯ ✤ ✪ ✬ ✚ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩ ✚ ✛ ✢ ❛ ✬ ❸ ✙ ✤ ❡ ❻ ✱ ❼ ✜ ✮ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✛ ✤ ❛ ✱
✢ ✧ ✜ ✮ ✢ ❛ ✱ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✮ ✙ ✮ ✲ ✤ ✩ ✫ ✤ ✫ ✧ ✜ ✬ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ✮ ✢ ❛ ✬ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✢ ❛ ✬ ❸ ✙ ✤
✜ ✮ ✲ ✬ ❛ ✲ ❛ ✬ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩ ✚ ✛ ✢ ❛ ❼ ✦ ✤ ❸ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✢ ❛ ❽ ❾ ❿ ➀ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ❽ ✜ ✮ ✢ ✯ ✤
✬ ✤ ✮ ✢ ❛ ✬ ✜ ✩ ✪ ★ ❛ ✙ ✲ ✛ ✤ ✲ ✤ ✬ ✙ ✩ ✜ ✢ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✛ ✤ ❛ ✱ ✢ ✧ ✜ ✮ ✢ ❡ ❽ ★ ✚ ✩
❇
✤
✳ ✤ ✚ ✮ ✙ ✬ ✤ ✫ ✜ ✩ ✫ ✤ ✲ ✤ ✩ ✫ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✛ ✥ ✤ ❡ ✪ ❡
❇
✥ ✚ ✲ ✲ ✛ ✥ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✚
➁ ✩ ❛ ✧ ✩ ✢ ❛ ✬ ❸ ✙ ✤ ✚ ✩ ✫ ✳ ✤ ✚ ✮ ✙ ✬ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✛ ✤ ❛ ✱ ✢ ✧ ✜ ✮ ✢ ❡
✴ ✯ ✤ ✪ ✬ ✚ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩ ✚ ✛ ✱ ❛ ✬ ★ ✤
❇
✤ ✢ ✧ ✤ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✮ ✲ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✜ ★ ✚ ✛
❇
✚ ✛ ✛ ✮ ✜ ✮ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✮ ✚ ✳ ✤ ✚ ✮ ✜ ✱ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✜ ✬ ✳ ✚ ✮ ✮ ✤ ✮ ✚ ✬ ✤
★ ❛ ✩ ★ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✬ ✚ ✢ ✤ ✫ ✚ ✢ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✜ ✬ ★ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✤ ✬ ✮ ❡ ✴ ✯ ✙ ✮ ✜ ✱ ✫ ✜ ✮ ✢ ✯ ✤
✮ ✤ ✲ ✚ ✬ ✚ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩
❇
✤ ✢ ✧ ✤ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✯ ✤ ★ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✤ ✬ ✮ ❛ ✱ ✢ ✯ ✤
❇
✜ ✪ ✚ ✩ ✫
✜ ✢ ✮ ✩ ✤ ✜ ✪ ✯
❇
❛ ✙ ✬ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✮ ✳ ✚ ✛ ✛
❇
✚ ✛ ✛ ✦ ➂ ✚ ✩ ✫ ✳ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✜ ✬
✳ ✚ ✮ ✮ ✤ ✮ ✦ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✪ ✬ ✚ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩ ✚ ✛ ✱ ❛ ✬ ★ ✤
❇
✤ ✢ ✧ ✤ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✯ ✤
❇
✜ ✪
✮ ✲ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ✚ ✩ ✫ ✜ ✢ ✮ ✩ ✤ ✜ ✪ ✯ ❛ ✙ ✬ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✮ ✳ ✚ ✛ ✛
❇
✚ ✛ ✛ ✜ ✮ ❡
➃
➄ ➅
➆ ➇
➈
➉
✭
❏
❡
❑
✟
❻ ✱
➊
✜ ✮ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✛ ✤ ✩ ✪ ✢ ✯ ❛ ✱ ✢ ✯ ✤
❇
✚ ✬ ❶ ❷ ✦ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✯ ✤
✢ ❛ ✬ ❸ ✙ ✤ ✚ ✬ ✜ ✮ ✜ ✩ ✪ ❛ ✙ ✢ ❛ ✱
➋
✜ ✮
➋
✳ ✙ ✛ ✢ ✜ ✲ ✛ ✜ ✤ ✫
❇
✥
➊
❡ ❶ ✢
✤ ❸ ✙ ✜ ✛ ✜
❇
✬ ✜ ✙ ✳ ✦ ✢ ✯ ✜ ✮ ✜ ✮ ✤ ❸ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✢ ❛ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ✮ ✢ ❛ ✬ ✜ ✩ ✪ ✢ ❛ ✬ ❸ ✙ ✤
✚ ✩ ✫ ✯ ✤ ✩ ★ ✤
➃
➄ ➅
➇ ➌
➈
➍ ➎➉
✭
❏
❡
❍
✟
➏
❇
✮ ✤ ✬ ✣ ✚ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩ ❛ ✱ ❼ ✢ ✯ ✙ ✮ ✤ ✩ ✚
❇
✛ ✤ ✮ ❛ ✩ ✤ ✢ ❛
★ ✚ ✛ ★ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✢ ✤
❄
✱ ✬ ❛ ✳ ✢ ✯ ✜ ✮ ✤ ❸ ✙ ✚ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩ ❡
➐ ✜ ✩ ★ ✤
❊
✚ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✫ ✜ ✮ ✯ ➑ ✮ ✤
❈
✲ ✤ ✬ ✜ ✳ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✦ ✢ ✯ ✤
✳ ✤ ✚ ✮ ✙ ✬ ✤ ✳ ✤ ✩ ✢ ❛ ✱
❄
✯ ✚ ✮
❇
✤ ✤ ✩ ✬ ✤ ✱ ✜ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✚ ✩ ✫ ✢ ✯ ✤
★ ✙ ✬ ✬ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✛ ✥ ✚ ★ ★ ✤ ✲ ✢ ✤ ✫ ✣ ✚ ✛ ✙ ✤ ✜ ✮
➒ ➓
❑
❡
❑ ❍
➔
❋
→
➣ ↔ ↔
↕ ✳
➙
➛ ➁ ✪
➙
✭
❏
❡
❏
✟
✽ ♦ ➜ ✻ ❂❂✸ ❁ ✸ ✺ ✻ ❚ ✾ ✿ ❀ ➝ ➞✸ ❚ ✿ ✹ ✺ ✻ ✼ ✾ ❚ ➟ ✿ ➠
❚ ✷ ✸ ✸ ✻ ✺ ❚ ✷
✴ ✯ ✤ ✤ ✚ ✬ ✢ ✯ ★ ✚ ✩
❇
✤ ✜ ✳ ✚ ✪ ✜ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✢ ❛
❇
✤ ✚ ✮ ✲ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ✳ ✚ ✫ ✤
❛ ✱ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✬ ✪ ✤ ✩ ✙ ✳
❇
✤ ✬ ❛ ✱ ★ ❛ ✩ ★ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✬ ✜ ★ ✮ ✲ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✜ ★ ✚ ✛ ✮ ✯ ✤ ✛ ✛ ✮
✧ ✜ ✢ ✯ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✮ ✳ ✚ ✛ ✛ ✤ ✮ ✢ ❛ ✩ ✤ ✚ ✢ ✢ ✯ ✤ ★ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✬ ✤ ✚ ✩ ✫ ✢ ✯ ✤
✛ ✚ ✬ ✪ ✤ ✮ ✢ ❛ ✩ ✤ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✢ ✮ ✮ ✙ ✬ ✱ ✚ ★ ✤ ❡ ❶ ✲ ❛ ✜ ✩ ✢ ❛ ✙ ✢ ✮ ✜ ✫ ✤ ✢ ✯ ✤
✤ ✚ ✬ ✢ ✯ ✜ ✮ ❛
❇
✣ ✜ ❛ ✙ ✮ ✛ ✥ ❛ ✙ ✢ ✮ ✜ ✫ ✤ ✚ ✛ ✛ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✮ ✯ ✤ ✛ ✛ ✮ ❡ ✴ ✯ ✙ ✮ ✦
✚ ✛ ✛ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✮ ✯ ✤ ✛ ✛ ✮ ✤
❈
✤ ✬ ✢ ✚ ✪ ✬ ✚ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩ ✚ ✛ ✱ ❛ ✬ ★ ✤ ✚ ✢ ✢ ✯ ✤
✲ ❛ ✜ ✩ ✢ ❛ ✙ ✢ ✮ ✜ ✫ ✤
➡
✙ ✮ ✢ ✚ ✮ ✜ ✱ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✜ ✬ ✳ ✚ ✮ ✮ ✤ ✮ ✚ ✬ ✤
★ ❛ ✩ ★ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✬ ✚ ✢ ✤ ✫ ✚ ✢ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✜ ✬ ★ ❛ ✳ ✳ ❛ ✩ ★ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✬ ✤ ✚ ★ ★ ❛ ✬ ✫ ✜ ✩ ✪
✢ ❛ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✬ ✤ ✮ ✙ ✛ ✢ ✮ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✤ ✫ ✜ ✩ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✛ ✚ ✮ ✢ ✮ ✤ ★ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩ ❡ ✴ ✯ ✤ ✢ ❛ ✢ ✚ ✛
✳ ✚ ✮ ✮ ❛ ✱ ✚ ✛ ✛ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✮ ✯ ✤ ✛ ✛ ✮ ★ ❛ ✳
❇
✜ ✩ ✤ ✫ ✜ ✮
➡
✙ ✮ ✢ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✳ ✚ ✮ ✮
❛ ✱ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✤ ✚ ✬ ✢ ✯ ❡
❉
✤ ✩ ★ ✤ ✦ ✚ ✢ ✚ ✲ ❛ ✜ ✩ ✢ ❛ ✙ ✢ ✮ ✜ ✫ ✤ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✤ ✚ ✬ ✢ ✯ ✦
✢ ✯ ✤ ✪ ✬ ✚ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩ ✚ ✛ ✱ ❛ ✬ ★ ✤ ✜ ✮
➡
✙ ✮ ✢ ✚ ✮ ✜ ✱ ✜ ✢ ✮ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✜ ✬ ✤ ✳ ✚ ✮ ✮
❛ ✱ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✤ ✚ ✬ ✢ ✯ ✜ ✮ ★ ❛ ✩ ★ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✬ ✚ ✢ ✤ ✫ ✚ ✢ ✜ ✢ ✮ ★ ✤ ✩ ✢ ✤ ✬ ❡
❹ ❛ ✬ ✚ ✲ ❛ ✜ ✩ ✢ ✜ ✩ ✮ ✜ ✫ ✤ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✤ ✚ ✬ ✢ ✯ ✦ ✢ ✯ ✤ ✮ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✚ ✢ ✜ ❛ ✩
✜ ✮ ✫ ✜ ✱ ✱ ✤ ✬ ✤ ✩ ✢ ❡ ✴ ✯ ✜ ✮ ✜ ✮ ✜ ✛ ✛ ✙ ✮ ✢ ✬ ✚ ✢ ✤ ✫ ✜ ✩ ❹ ✜ ✪ ❡
❏
❡
❍
❡
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❋ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡✠☛ ❚ ☞ ✌ ✍✎ ✏✏ ✍ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✍✑ ✒ ✌ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✖ ✌✗ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✗ ✌✘ ✖☞
✗
❞
✌ ✓ ✔
✙
✖ ☞ ✌ ✏
✚ ✛ ✜
✎ ✕ ✌ ✔
✜
✖☞ ✌
✢
✎
✛
✖☞ ✔
✜
✍✎ ✏✏
▼
❊
✎ ✒ ✗
✛
✎ ✗ ✑
✚
✏
✥
❊
✳ ✣
✌ ✖
✛
✌ ✎ ✖ ✖☞ ✌
✢
✎
✛
✖☞ ✖ ✔
❞
✌
✏✘ ☞ ✌
✛
✑ ✕ ✎ ✓ ✓ s ✏s ✍✍✌ ✖
✛
✑ ✕
✳
❆ ✤ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ★ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✭ ✦ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✯ ✪ ✱ ✭ ✲ ✦ ✬ ✭ ✴ ✵ ✪ ✷
✩ ✪ ★ ✩ ✭ ★ ✯ ✮ ✧ ✩ ✫ ✰ ✭
❝ ❝
✫ ✦ ✫ ✱ ✭ ✷ ✪ ✮ ✭ ✦ ★ ✬ ✦ ✵ ✪ ✧ ★ ✯ ✲ ✦ ✫ ✫ ✲
✫ ✧ ✯ ✴ ✦ ✯ ✭ ✬ ✦ ✯ ✦ ✬ ✧ ✫ ✯ ✦ ★ ✩ ✭ ✮ ✷ ✮ ✪ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✩ ✭ ★ ✯ ✮ ✭
❡ ✸
✰ ✭
✵ ✪ ✧ ★ ✯
♣ ❝
✧ ✭ ✫ ✪ ✴ ✯ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✭ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✫ ✵ ✰ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✪ ✷ ✮ ✦ ✬ ✧ ✴ ✫ ✮
❡ ✹
✪ ✮
✯ ✰ ✭ ✫ ✰ ✭
❝ ❝
✫ ✪ ✷ ✮ ✦ ✬ ✧ ✴ ✫ ✤ ✮ ✭ ✦ ✯ ✭ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✦ ★ ✮
✺
✯ ✰ ✭ ✵ ✪ ✧ ★ ✯
♣
❝
✧ ✭ ✫ ✧ ★ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✭
❡ ❧
✭ ★ ✩ ✭ ✦ ✩ ✩ ✪ ✮ ✬ ✧ ★ ✤ ✯ ✪ ✮ ✭ ✫ ✴
❝
✯ ✫ ✯ ✦ ✯ ✭ ✬ ✧ ★
✯ ✰ ✭
❝
✦ ✫ ✯ ✫ ✭ ✩ ✯ ✧ ✪ ★
✺
✯ ✰ ✭
t
✭
✻
✭ ✮ ✯ ★ ✪ ✤ ✮ ✦
✼
✧ ✯ ✦ ✯ ✧ ✪ ★ ✦
❝
✷ ✪ ✮ ✩ ✭
✪ ★ ✲ ✦ ✫ ✫ ♠ ✽ ✭ ✵ ✯ ✦ ✯
♣ ❡ ✸
✰ ✭ ✫ ✰ ✭
❝ ❝
✫ ✾ ✧ ✯ ✰ ✮ ✦ ✬ ✧ ✴ ✫
✿
✮
✲ ✦ ✽ ✭ ✴ ✵ ✦ ✫ ✵ ✰ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✪ ✷ ✮ ✦ ✬ ✧ ✴ ✫ ✮ ✷ ✪ ✮ ✾ ✰ ✧ ✩ ✰ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✵ ✪ ✧ ★ ✯
♣ ❝
✧ ✭ ✫ ✪ ★ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✫ ✴ ✮ ✷ ✦ ✩ ✭
❡ ✸
✰ ✧ ✫ ✫ ✲ ✦
❝ ❝
✭ ✮ ✫ ✵ ✰ ✭ ✮ ✭
✯ ✰ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✷ ✪ ✮ ✭ ✭
✻
✭ ✮ ✯ ✫ ✦ ✷ ✪ ✮ ✩ ✭ ✪ ★ ✦ ✲ ✦ ✫ ✫ ✲ ✦ ✯
♣
✦ ✫ ✧ ✷
✧ ✯ ✫ ✲ ✦ ✫ ✫ ♠
r
✧ ✫ ✩ ✪ ★ ✩ ✭ ★ ✯ ✮ ✦ ✯ ✭ ✬ ✦ ✯ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✩ ✭ ★ ✯ ✭ ✮
❡ ✸
✰ ✴ ✫
✯ ✰ ✭ ✷ ✪ ✮ ✩ ✭ ✪ ★ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✲ ✦ ✫ ✫ ✲ ✦ ✯
♣
✰ ✦ ✫ ✦ ✲ ✦ ✤ ★ ✧ ✯ ✴ ✬ ✭
❀
❁
❂ ❃ ❄
❅
● ❇
❈ ❉
❍ ■ ❡ ❏ ❑
❲
✭ ✦ ✫ ✫ ✴ ✲ ✭ ✯ ✰ ✦ ✯ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✭ ★ ✯ ✧ ✮ ✭ ✭ ✦ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✧ ✫ ✪ ✷ ✴ ★ ✧ ✷ ✪ ✮ ✲
✬ ✭ ★ ✫ ✧ ✯
t
✦ ★ ✬ ✰ ✭ ★ ✩ ✭ ✧ ✯ ✫ ✲ ✦ ✫ ✫ ✧ ✫
▲
◆
❖
◗
❘
❙ ❯
❱
❳❉
✾ ✰ ✭ ✮ ✭ ❨
❩
✧ ✫ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✲ ✦ ✫ ✫ ✪ ✷ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✭ ✦ ✮ ✯ ✰ ❬
❩
✧ ✫ ✧ ✯ ✫ ✮ ✦ ✬ ✧ ✴ ✫
✦ ★ ✬ ❭ ✧ ✫ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✬ ✭ ★ ✫ ✧ ✯
t ❡
❪ ★ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✪ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✮ ✰ ✦ ★ ✬ ✯ ✰ ✭
✲ ✦ ✫ ✫ ✪ ✷ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✫ ✵ ✰ ✭ ✮ ✭ ❨
r
✪ ✷ ✮ ✦ ✬ ✧ ✴ ✫ ❫ ✧ ✫
▲
❖
◗
❴
❱
❳
✦ ★ ✬
✰ ✭ ★ ✩ ✭
▲
▲
❁ ▲ ❁
❖
◗
❘
❘
❙ ❴❴
❈ ● ❇ ● ❇
❴ ❯ ❴
❱
❳
❵ ❛
❵ ❛
❉ ❉
❜ ❢
❜ ❢
❣ ❤
❣ ❤
◆
▲
❘
● ❇ ❙
❴
❯
❉
❍ ■ ❡ ✐ ❥ ❑
❦ ✷ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✲ ✦ ✫ ✫ ✲ ✧ ✫ ✫ ✧ ✯ ✴ ✦ ✯ ✭ ✬ ✪ ★ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✫ ✴ ✮ ✷ ✦ ✩ ✭ ✪ ✷
✭ ✦ ✮ ✯ ✰
✺
✯ ✰ ✭ ★ ✮ ♥ ♦
q
✦ ★ ✬ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✤ ✮ ✦
✼
✧ ✯ ✦ ✯ ✧ ✪ ★ ✦
❝
✷ ✪ ✮ ✩ ✭
✪ ★ ✧ ✯ ✧ ✫
✺
✷ ✮ ✪ ✲ ✉ ✈
❡ ❍ ■ ❡ ✐ ❥ ❑
❁
❘
❘
❙ ❇
❈ ●
❯
❉
❍ ■ ❡ ✐ ✐ ❑
✸
✰ ✭ ✦ ✩ ✩ ✭
❝
✭ ✮ ✦ ✯ ✧ ✪ ★ ✭
✻
✵ ✭ ✮ ✧ ✭ ★ ✩ ✭ ✬ ✱
t
✯ ✰ ✭ ✲ ✦ ✫ ✫
✲
✺
✾ ✰ ✧ ✩ ✰ ✧ ✫ ✴ ✫ ✴ ✦
❝ ❝ t
✬ ✭ ★ ✪ ✯ ✭ ✬ ✱
t
✯ ✰ ✭ ✫
t
✲ ✱ ✪
❝ ✇
✧ ✫
✮ ✭
❝
✦ ✯ ✭ ✬ ✯ ✪
✹
✱
t ①
✭ ✾ ✯ ✪ ★
②
✫
③
④ ⑤
❝
✦ ✾ ✱
t
✮ ✭
❝
✦ ✯ ✧ ✪ ★
✹
♥ ✲
✇ ❡ ✸
✰ ✴ ✫
❁
❘
❘
● ❙
❈
⑥
❇
❯
❉ ❉
❍ ■ ❡ ✐ ③ ❑
❆ ✩ ✩ ✭
❝
✭ ✮ ✦ ✯ ✧ ✪ ★
✇
✧ ✫ ✮ ✭ ✦ ✬ ✧
❝ t
✲ ✭ ✦ ✫ ✴ ✮ ✦ ✱
❝
✭
❡
♦
q
✧ ✫ ✦
✽ ★ ✪ ✾ ★ ✈ ✴ ✦ ★ ✯ ✧ ✯
t ❡ ✸
✰ ✭ ✲ ✭ ✦ ✫ ✴ ✮ ✭ ✲ ✭ ★ ✯ ✪ ✷
⑦
✱
t
⑧
✦
✼
✭ ★ ✬ ✧ ✫ ✰
②
✫ ✭
✻
✵ ✭ ✮ ✧ ✲ ✭ ★ ✯
❍
✪ ✮ ✪ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✮ ✾ ✧ ✫ ✭
❑ ✺
✩ ✪ ✲ ✱ ✧ ★ ✭ ✬
✾ ✧ ✯ ✰ ✽ ★ ✪ ✾
❝
✭ ✬ ✤ ✭ ✪ ✷
✇
✦ ★ ✬ ❬
❩
✭ ★ ✦ ✱
❝
✭ ✫ ✪ ★ ✭ ✯ ✪
✭ ✫ ✯ ✧ ✲ ✦ ✯ ✭
⑨
q
✷ ✮ ✪ ✲ ✉ ✈
❡ ❍ ■ ❡ ✐ ③ ❑ ❡ ✸
✰ ✧ ✫ ✧ ✫ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✦ ✫ ✪ ★
✾ ✰
t
✯ ✰ ✭ ✮ ✭ ✧ ✫ ✦ ✵ ✪ ✵ ✴
❝
✦ ✮ ✫ ✯ ✦ ✯ ✭ ✲ ✭ ★ ✯ ✮ ✭ ✤ ✦ ✮ ✬ ✧ ★ ✤
⑧
✦
✼
✭ ★ ✬ ✧ ✫ ✰
⑩ ❶ ⑧
✦
✼
✭ ★ ✬ ✧ ✫ ✰ ✾ ✭ ✧ ✤ ✰ ✭ ✬ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✭ ✦ ✮ ✯ ✰
❷ ❡
❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❼ ❽ ❾ ❽ ❿ ❻ ➀ ➁ ➂ ➃ ➄ ➅ ❽ ➀ ➂ ➆ ❿ ❻ ➇ ➁ ➀ ➈
➉ ❽ ❾ ➂ ➊ ❻ ➃ ➄ ❻ ➉ ➂ ➇ ❽ ➀ ➋ ❽ ➌ ➅❿ ➍ ❻ ❼❽ ➂ ➍
❽ ❻ ❿ ➀ ➋
⑧
✪ ★ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✦ ✵ ✪ ✧ ★ ✯ ✲ ✦ ✫ ✫ ♠ ✦ ✯ ✦ ✰ ✭ ✧ ✤ ✰ ✯ ➎ ✦ ✱ ✪
✼
✭ ✯ ✰ ✭
✫ ✴ ✮ ✷ ✦ ✩ ✭ ✪ ✷ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✭ ✦ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✦ ✫ ✫ ✰ ✪ ✾ ★ ✧ ★
✹
✧ ✤
❡ ■ ❡ ■ ❍
✦
❑ ❡ ✸
✰ ✭
✮ ✦ ✬ ✧ ✴ ✫ ✪ ✷ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✭ ✦ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✧ ✫ ✬ ✭ ★ ✪ ✯ ✭ ✬ ✱
t
❬
❩
➏ ➐ ✧ ★ ✩ ✭ ✯ ✰ ✧ ✫
✵ ✪ ✧ ★ ✯ ✧ ✫ ✪ ✴ ✯ ✫ ✧ ✬ ✭ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✭ ✦ ✮ ✯ ✰
✺
❋ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡✠✡ ➑ ➒➓ ➔ ✎ ✖ ✎ ☞ ✌✑ ➔ ☞ ✖ ☞ ✎
❞
✔ →✌ ✖☞ ✌ ✏
✚ ✛ ✜
✎ ✕ ✌ ✔
✜
✖☞ ✌
✌ ✎
✛
✖☞
✳
✧ ✯ ✫ ✬ ✧ ✫ ✯ ✦ ★ ✩ ✭ ✷ ✮ ✪ ✲ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✩ ✭ ★ ✯ ✮ ✭ ✪ ✷ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✭ ✦ ✮ ✯ ✰ ✧ ✫
❍
❬
❩
➣
➎
❑ ❡
❦ ✷
↔ ❍
➎
❑
✬ ✭ ★ ✪ ✯ ✭ ✬ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✲ ✦ ✤ ★ ✧ ✯ ✴ ✬ ✭ ✪ ✷ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✷ ✪ ✮ ✩ ✭
✪ ★ ✯ ✰ ✭ ✵ ✪ ✧ ★ ✯ ✲ ✦ ✫ ✫ ♠
✺
✾ ✭ ✤ ✭ ✯ ✷ ✮ ✪ ✲ ✉ ✈
❡ ❍ ■ ❡ ↕ ❑ ⑩
❁
❂ ❄
❂ ❄
❘
❘
● ❙ ❇
❈ ➙
❯ ➙
❉
➛
❍ ■ ❡ ✐ ➜ ❑
✸
✰ ✭ ✦ ✩ ✩ ✭
❝
✭ ✮ ✦ ✯ ✧ ✪ ★ ✭
✻
✵ ✭ ✮ ✧ ✭ ★ ✩ ✭ ✬ ✱
t
✯ ✰ ✭ ✵ ✪ ✧ ★ ✯
✲ ✦ ✫ ✫ ✧ ✫
❂ ❄
➝
❂ ❄❈ ➙ ❇
⑥
➙
➞ ✦ ★ ✬ ✾ ✭ ✤ ✭ ✯
●   ✁ ❱ ✂ ✄ ✁ ✄ ✂ ❆ ☎ ✶ ✆ ✶
✷
✭ ✝
✭ ✝ ✳
✭ ✝
❊
❊
✞✟❋ ✠
❣ ✠
♠
❘
✠
❂ ❂
✰
✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎
❚ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✛ ✖ ✔ ✜ ✕ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✏ ✕
✒ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✏ ❢ ✷
✳
❊
❊
✞ ✟
❣
❘
❂
✥ ✢ ✗ ✱
✦
❤ ✧❁ ❁ ✇ ✕ ✓ ✖ ✚
✕ ❡ ★ ✖ ✚ ✩ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✢ ✣ ✮ ✯ ☞ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ❢
✲ ✴
✵
✵ ✵
✸ ✹ ✺ ✻
✸ ✺ ✻ ✹
✼
✼ ✼
✽ ✾
✿ ❀ ✿ ❀ ❃
❃ ❀ ❃
❾
❄ ❄ ❅
❅
✥ ✢ ✗
❇
✦
❤
✧
❁ ❁
❈
✜ ✒ ✑ ✚ ✤
❉
✑ ✚ ✢
❍
✑ ✖ ✔ ✕ ❡ ★ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✒ ✑ ✢ ✚
❈
■
❏
❑
▲
▼
◆
❖ ◆ ❖
P
◗ ❙
❯ ❲
❳ ❨
❩ ❬
☞ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ❭ ✎
✮ ✯ ✜ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ❭ ✎ ✙ ✏ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✒ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✖ ✙ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✒
❍
✖ ✔ ✔
✏ ✕ ✑ ✤ ✏ ✙ ✒ ✏ ✖
❉
✢ ✛ ✕ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✛ ✖ ✔ ✜ ✕ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✩ ✕ ✓ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✕ ✒
❉
✘ ✖
✣ ✖ ✓ ✙ ✢ ✗
❪ ❇ ❫ ❴ ❵ ❛
✦
❤ ✧
❜
❝
✢ ✇
❈
✓ ✢ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✩ ✕ ✗ ✖ ★ ✢ ✑ ✚ ✙
❍
✖ ✒ ✒
❞
✖ ✙ ✖ ✩ ✕ ★ ✙ ✏
✐
❉
✕ ✔ ✢ ✇ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✡ ✥ ✑ ✤ ☞ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✡
❉
✎ ✎
❈
✒ ✢
✙ ✏ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✒ ✩ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✣ ✗ ✢
❍
✙ ✏ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✒
❪ ❵
✦
✧ ❥
❜
✖ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✢ ✇ ✚ ✑ ✚ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✣ ✑ ✤ ✜ ✗ ✕ ☞ ❚ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✓ ✖ ✚
❉
✕ ✙ ✏ ✢ ✜ ✤ ✏ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✒
❉
✕ ✑ ✚ ✤ ✓ ✢
❍
★ ✢ ✒ ✕ ✩ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✒
❍
✖ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✗
✒ ★ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✖ ✩ ✑ ✜ ✒ ✡ ❦
❧
♥
✐
✎ ✖ ✚ ✩ ✖ ✒ ★ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✑ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✔
✢ ✣ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✓ ♦ ✚ ✕ ✒ ✒
✐
☞ ❚ ✏ ✕ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✚
❍
✩ ✜ ✕ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✢ ✜ ✙ ✕ ✗
✒ ✏ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✓ ♦ ✚ ✕ ✒ ✒ ✩ ✑ ✒ s ✕ ✗ ✢
❉
✕ ✓ ✖ ✜ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✙
✯ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✩ ✑ ✚ ✙ ✏ ✕ ★ ✗ ✕ ✛ ✑ ✢ ✜ ✒ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✚ ☞ ♣ ✒ ✣ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✕
✒
❍
✖ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✒ ★ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✢ ✣ ✗ ✖ ✩ ✑ ✜ ✒ ✡ ❦
❧
♥
✐
✎ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✗ ✚ ✕ ✩
❈
✙ ✏ ✕ ★ ✢ ✑ ✚ ✙
❍
✖ ✒ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✢ ✜ ✙ ✒ ✑ ✩ ✕ ✑ ✙ ✖ ✚ ✩ ✏ ✕ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✢ ✗ ✩ ✑ ✚ ✤
✙ ✢ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✙ ✯ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✩ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✑ ✕ ✗
❈
✙ ✏ ✕ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✩ ✜ ✕ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✒
✒
❍
✖ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✒ ★ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ q ✜ ✒ ✙ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✣ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✕
❍
✖ ✒ ✒ ✢ ✣
✙ ✏ ✕ ✒
❍
✖ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✒ ★ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✢ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✩ ✖ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✕ ☞
r ✣ t
✉
✑ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✕
❍
✖ ✒ ✒ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✒
❍
✖ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✒ ★ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✕
❈
✙ ✏ ✕ ✚
❈
t
✉
✈
t
❧
① ②
❦
❧
③
✩ ✎
④
⑤
❦
❧
④
✡ ☛ ☞ ✌
⑥
✎
✬ ✑ ✚ ✓ ✕
❍
✖ ✒ ✒ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✒ ★ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✒ ★ ✗ ✢ ★ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✢
❉
✕
✓ ✜
❉
✕ ✢ ✣ ✑ ✙ ✒ ✗ ✖ ✩ ✑ ✜ ✒ ☞
⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶⑩❶ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❻ ❽ ❿ ➀ ❼ ➁ ❽ ➂ ➃ ➄ ❼ ➁ ➅ ➆ ➇ ❻ ➆ ❿ ➈ ➄ ➉ ➊ ❼➁ ❿
➆
➋
❻ ➉ ➉ ❿
➌
➆ ➀ ➁ ❿
➌
❿ ➈
➍ ➌
❻ ❽ ➅
➎
➆
➏ ➐
➑
➒
❽
➓
➇ ➈ ➄ ❼
➌
➅ ➔
➎
❼ ❿ ➆ ❼ ➈ ❺ ➂
❚ ✏ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✏ ✕ ★ ✢ ✑ ✚ ✙
❍
✖ ✒ ✒ ✑ ✒
→
✡
✐
✎
➣ ↔
t
✉
❞ ⑤
✡ ❦
❧
♥
✐
✎
↕
✡ ☛ ☞ ✌
➙
✎
✬ ✜
❉
✒ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✑ ✚ ✤ ✣ ✢ ✗ ➛
➜
✣ ✗ ✢
❍
✖
❉
✢ ✛ ✕
❈
✇ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✙
→
✡
✐
✎
➣ ↔
t
❧
❞
✡ ❦
❧
♥
✐
✎
⑤
❦
❧
④
✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✎
✖ ✚ ✩ ✏ ✕ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✩ ✜ ✕ ✙ ✢ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✙ ✘ ✖ ✙
✖ ✩ ✕ ★ ✙ ✏
✐ ❈
➝ ✡
✐
✎
➣
❪ ❵
➞ ❥
➟
✑ ✒
➠
❪ ❵
❪ ❵ ❪ ❵
✦
✦
✦
➡ ➢
➞ ❥
➤
❥ ✧ ❥
➟ ✧
➥ ➥ ❜
❪ ❇ ❴ ❵
✦
✦
✦
✧ ❥
➤ ➤
❥ ✧
✧
❜
➥ ➥ ❜
✡ ☛ ☞ ✌
➦
✎
❚ ✏ ✜ ✒
❈
✖ ✒ ✇ ✕ ✤ ✢ ✩ ✢ ✇ ✚
❉
✕ ✔ ✢ ✇ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✏
➧
✒ ✒ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✕
❈
✙ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✩ ✜ ✕ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✙ ✘ ✩ ✕ ✓ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✕ ✒
❉
✘ ✖ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✙ ✢ ✗
❪ ❇ ❴ ❵ ❛
✦
❥ ✧
❜
❚ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✕
❍
✖ ✗ ♦ ✖
❉
✔ ✕ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✚ ✤ ✖
❉
✢ ✜ ✙
✖ ✓ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✩ ✜ ✕ ✙ ✢ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✏
➧
✒ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✙ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✒
❍
✖ ❡ ✑
❍
✜
❍
✢ ✚ ✑ ✙ ✒ ✒ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✩ ✕ ✓ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✑ ✚ ✤ ✇ ✏ ✕ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✢ ✜
✤ ✢ ✜ ★ ✢ ✗ ✩ ✢ ✇ ✚ ☞
➨ ➩ ➫ ➭ ➯ ➲ ➳ ➵ ➸ ➲ ➸ ➵ ➺ ➻➲ ➼ ➽ ➺ ➸ ➾ ➻➸ ➵ ➲ ➼ ➾ ➻➾ ➯ ➭ ➚
➪ ✕ ✏ ✖ ✩ ✩ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✒ ✕ ✩ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✑ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✚ ✢ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✣ ★ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✑ ✖ ✔
✕ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✤ ✘ ✖ ✒
❉
✕ ✑ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✤ ✘ ✒ ✙ ✢ ✗ ✕ ✩ ✑ ✚ ✙ ✏ ✕
❉
✢ ✩ ✘ ✖ ✙
✑ ✙ ✒ ✤ ✑ ✛ ✕ ✚ ★ ✢ ✒ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✚ ☞ r ✣ ✙ ✏ ✕ ★ ✢ ✒ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✏ ✕ ★ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✕
✓ ✏ ✖ ✚ ✤ ✕ ✒ ✢ ✚ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✢ ✜ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✙ ✑ ✚ ✤ ✢ ✚ ✑ ✙
❈
✙ ✏ ✕ ✚
✙ ✏ ✕ ✓ ✏ ✖ ✚ ✤ ✕ ✑ ✚ ✑ ✙ ✒ ★ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✑ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✤ ✘ ✑ ✒ q ✜ ✒ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✕
✖
❍
✢ ✜ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✇ ✢ ✗ ♦ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✕ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✏ ✕
❉
✢ ✩ ✘
❉
✘ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✕ ☞
♣ ✒ ✇ ✕ ✏ ✖ ✩ ✩ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✒ ✕ ✩ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✑ ✕ ✗
❈
✣ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✇ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✏
✙ ✏ ✕ ✇ ✢ ✗ ♦ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✚ ✩ ✕ ★ ✕ ✚ ✩ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✏ ✕ ★ ✖ ✙ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✕
✙ ✏ ✕ ✓ ✢ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✛ ✕ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✒ ☞
❚ ✏ ✕ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✙ ✘ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✢ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✛ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✛ ✕ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✕
✖ ✚ ✩ ✇ ✕ ✓ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✔ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✙ ✏ ✕ ★ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✑ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✤ ✘ ✢ ✣ ✖
❉
✢ ✩ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✚ ✤ ✢ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✕
❈
✓ ✖ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✩ ✙ ✏ ✕
✤ ✗ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✖ ✔ ★ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✑ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✤ ✘ ☞ ➶✢ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✩ ✕ ✗ ★ ✢ ✑ ✚ ✙ ✒
✓ ✔ ✢ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✣ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✏
❈
✖ ✙ ✩ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✒ ✣ ✗ ✢
❍
✙ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✕
❍
✜ ✓ ✏ ✒
❍
✖ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✩ ✑ ✜ ✒ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✏ ✕
✕ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✏ ☞ r ✚ ✒ ✜ ✓ ✏ ✓ ✖ ✒ ✕ ✒
❈
✙ ✏ ✕ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✛ ✑ ✙ ✘ ✑ ✒
★ ✗ ✖ ✓ ✙ ✑ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✔ ✘ ✖ ✓ ✢ ✚ ✒ ✙ ✖ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✯ ✜ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✢
❍
✤
❈
✩ ✑ ✗ ✕ ✓ ✙ ✕ ✩
✙ ✢ ✇ ✖ ✗ ✩ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✓ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✏ ☞ r ✣ ✇ ✕ ✓ ✢ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✩ ✕ ✗
✖ ★ ✢ ✑ ✚ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✖ ✏ ✕ ✑ ✤ ✏ ✙
➹
➘
✣ ✗ ✢
❍
✙ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✕ ✢ ✣ ✙ ✏ ✕
✕ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✖ ✚ ✩ ✖ ✚ ✢ ✙ ✏ ✕ ✗ ★ ✢ ✑ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✓ ✖ ✔ ✔ ✘ ✖
❉
✢ ✛ ✕ ✑ ✙ ✖ ✙ ✖
✏ ✕ ✑ ✤ ✏ ✙
➹
↕
✣ ✗ ✢
❍
✙ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✖ ✓ ✕
❈
✙ ✏ ✕ ✇ ✢ ✗ ♦ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✕ ✑ ✚
✔ ✑ ✣ ✙ ✑ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✏ ✕ ★ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✢ ✣
❍
✖ ✒ ✒
❍
✣ ✗ ✢
❍
✙ ✏ ✕ ✣ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✙ ✢
✙ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✕ ✓ ✢ ✚ ✩ ★ ✢ ✒ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✢ ✚ ✑ ✒ ✩ ✕ ✚ ✢ ✙ ✕ ✩
❉
✘ ➴
➘
↕
➴
➘
↕
➣
✥ ✢ ✗ ✓ ✕
➷
✩ ✑ ✒ ★ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✕
❍
✕ ✚ ✙
➣ ❞
➝ ✡
➹
↕
♥
➹
➘
✎ ✡ ☛ ☞ ➬ ➮ ✎
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
✞
■ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✡ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✖ ❲ ✭ ❤ ✮ ☛ ✏ ☛
✑ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✏ ☛ ✏ ☛ ♣ ✡ ✎ ✕ ♣ ✏ ❤ ☛ ✥ ✌ ✗ ✡ ✏ ♣ ✡ ☞ ✘ ✔ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✡ ☞ ✘ ✍ ♣ ✏ ♣ ☛ ✏
❲ ✭ ❤ ✮
✙ ♠ ✚
❤
✛
❲
♦
✭
✜ ✢ ✣ ✤
✮
✭ ✠ ♣ ✡ ✔ ✡ ❲
♦
✙
✍ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✏ ✮
✦
✏ ♣ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✏ ♣ ☛ ✏
❲
✧ ★
✙
❲ ✭ ❤
★
✮
✩
❲ ✭ ❤
✧
✮ ✭
✜ ✢ ✣ ✣
✮
❚
♣ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✔
✪ ✫
✌ ✒ ✡ ✎ ✒
✬
✌ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✕ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✡ ✎ ☞
✯
✘ ☞ ✏
✏ ♣ ✡
✫
✎ ✟ ✟ ✡ ✔ ✡ ✒ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✥ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✡ ✡ ✒ ✎ ✏ ☞
✟ ✎ ✒ ☛ ✓ ☛ ✒
✫
✎ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒ ☞
✢ ❢
✥ ☞ ✡ ✔ ✗ ✡ ✏ ♣ ☛ ✏ ✏ ♣ ✡
✍ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✏ ❲
♦
✍ ☛ ✒ ✍ ✡ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✘ ✏ ✎ ✒
✰ ✱ ✢
✭
✜ ✢ ✣ ✣
✮
✢ ✲
✡ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✕
❤
✙ ✳
✎ ✒ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✓ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✡
✱
✘ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒
✴
✠ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✏ ❲ ✭ ❤
✙ ✳
✮
✙
❲
♦ ✵
✢
❤
✙ ✳ ✬
✡ ☛ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✏ ☞ ✌ ✒ ✏ ♣ ✡ ☞ ✘ ✔ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✟ ✏ ♣ ✡
✡ ☛ ✔ ✏ ♣
✢ ❚
♣ ✘ ☞
✴
❲
♦
✎ ☞ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✌ ✒ ✏ ♣ ✡
☞ ✘ ✔ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✟ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✏ ♣
✢
■ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✎
✫
✡ ✔ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✏ ☞ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✔ ✥ ✎ ✏ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✖
✫
✎ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✍ ✡
✟ ✔ ✌
✬
✏ ♣ ✡ ☞ ✘ ✔ ✟ ☛ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✟ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✏ ♣
✴
✏ ♣ ✡ ✔ ✡ ☞ ✘ ✓ ✏
✯
✘ ☞ ✏
✫
✡ ✔ ✎ ✗ ✡
✫
✎ ☞ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✗ ☛ ✓ ✎
✫
☞ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✡ ✏ ♣ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✘
✬
✑ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✏ ♣ ☛ ✏
✏ ♣ ✡ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✗ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✡
✬
✕ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✒ ✌
✓ ✌ ✒ ✕ ✡ ✔ ✗ ☛ ✓ ✎
✫ ✢
❧ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✗ ✡ ✔
✴
✟ ✔ ✌
✬
✌ ✘ ✔
✫
✎ ☞ ✍ ✘ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✠ ✡
✪
✒ ✌ ✠ ✏ ♣ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✘ ✏ ☞ ✎
✫
✡ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✏ ♣
✴
✏ ♣ ✡ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✟
✕ ✔ ☛ ✗ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✡
✫
✎ ✔ ✡ ✍ ✏ ✡
✫
✏ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✔
✫
☞ ✏ ♣ ✡
✍ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✡ ✔ ✌ ✟ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✏ ♣ ✎ ☞
✷
❊
● ✸ ✹
❋
r
❂
✭
✜ ✢ ✣ ✺
✮
✠ ♣ ✡ ✔ ✡
▼
✻
✙ ✬
☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✏ ♣
✴ ♠ ✙ ✬
☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✏ ♣ ✡
✑ ☛ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✡ ☛ ✒
✫ ✼
✎ ✏ ☞
✫
✎ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✍ ✡ ✟ ✔ ✌
✬
✏ ♣ ✡ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✡ ✔ ✌ ✟ ✏ ♣ ✡
✡ ☛ ✔ ✏ ♣
✢
■ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✍ ☛ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✔
✪ ✫
✌ ✒ ✡ ✎ ✒
✓ ✎ ✟ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✕ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✡ ✟ ✔ ✌
✬ ✼ ✙ ✼
✧
✏ ✌
✼ ✙ ✼
★
✭
✼
★
✽
✼
✧
✮ ☛ ✓ ✌ ✒ ✕
☛ ✗ ✡ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✓ ✑ ☛ ✏ ♣
✴
✠ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✡ ☛
✫
✌ ✟
✰ ✱ ✢
✭
✜ ✢ ✣ ✳
✮
✾
✿
❀ ❁
❁
❞
❃
❃
❄ ❅ ❆
❇ ❈
❈
❉
❍
❏
❑ ▲
◆ ◆
❖ ◗ ❘
❙ ❙
❯ ❱
❳ ❨ ❨
❩ ❬
❭ ❪
✭
✜ ✢ ✣ ❫
✮
■ ✒ ✑ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✟
✰ ✱ ✢
✭
✜ ✢ ✣ ✤
✮
✴
✠ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✒ ✏ ♣ ✘ ☞ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✡
☛ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✖ ❲ ✭
✼
✮ ☛ ✏ ☛
✫
✎ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✍ ✡
✼ ✴
☞ ✘ ✍ ♣ ✏ ♣ ☛ ✏
❴
❵
❛ ❜ ❝
● ✸ ✹
❡
r
❡
r
❂ ❣ ✐
✭
✜ ✢ ✣
❥ ✮
✗ ☛ ✓ ✎
✫
✟ ✌ ✔
✼
✽
❦ ✴
☞ ✌ ✏ ♣ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✎ ✒ ❲
✧ ★
✙
❲ ✭
✼
★
✮
✩
❲ ✭
✼
✧
✮
✢
✲
✡ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✕
✼ ✙
✎ ✒ ✟ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✎ ✒ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✓ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✡
✱
✘ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒
✴
✠ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✏
♥ ✭
✼ ✙
✎ ✒ ✟ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✮
✙
❲
✧
✢ ❚
♣ ✘ ☞
✴
❲
✧
✎ ☞ ✏ ♣ ✡
✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✖ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✟ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✖
✢ ❢
✒ ✡ ☞ ♣ ✌ ✘ ✓
✫
✒ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✏ ♣ ☛ ✏
✌ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✏ ♣ ✡
✫
✎ ✟ ✟ ✡ ✔ ✡ ✒ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✟ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✥ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✡ ✡ ✒
✏ ✠ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✏ ☞ ♣ ☛ ☞ ☛
✫
✡ ✟ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✡
✬
✡ ☛ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✕ ✟ ✔ ✌
✬ ✰ ✱
☞
✢
✭
✜ ✢ ✣ ✣
✮ ☛ ✒
✫
✭
✜ ✢ ✣ ❫
✮
✢ ❢
✒ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✗ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✓ ✓ ✖ ☞ ✡ ✏ ☞ ❲
✧
✡
✱
✘ ☛ ✓ ✏ ✌ q ✡ ✔ ✌
✴
☞ ✌ ✏ ♣ ☛ ✏ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✖ ☛ ✏ ☛
✑ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☞
✯
✘ ☞ ✏ ✏ ♣ ✡ ☛
✬
✌ ✘ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✔
✪ ✫
✌ ✒ ✡ ✎ ✒
✫
✎ ☞ ✑ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✕ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✡ ✟ ✔ ✌
✬
✎ ✒ ✟ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✏ ✌ ✏ ♣ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✏
✢
♥ ✡ ♣ ☛ ✗ ✡ ✍ ☛ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✓ ☛ ✏ ✡
✫
✏ ♣ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✖ ☛ ✏
☛ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✟ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✡
✫
✘ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✗ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✡ ☞
✌ ✒ ✎ ✏
✫
✘ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✏ ♣ ☛ ✒
✫
✎ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✔ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✓ ✏ ✌
✏ ♣ ✡
✬
☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✡
✢ ❚
♣ ✡ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✗ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✓
✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓
✫
✘ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✗ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✓ ✟ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✟ ✏ ♣ ✡
✡ ☛ ✔ ✏ ♣ ✎ ☞
✫
✡ ✟ ✎ ✒ ✡
✫
☛ ☞ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✌ ✟ ☛
✑ ☛ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✟ ✘ ✒ ✎ ✏
✬
☛ ☞ ☞ ☛ ✏ ✏ ♣ ☛ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✏
✢
s ✔ ✌
✬
✏ ♣ ✡
✡ ☛ ✔ ✓ ✎ ✡ ✔
✫
✎ ☞ ✍ ✘ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✌ ✒
✴
✠ ✡ ✓ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✒ ✏ ♣ ☛ ✏ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✕ ✔ ☛ ✗ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✓
✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✖ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✏ ✡
✫
✠ ✎ ✏ ♣ ✏ ✠ ✌ ✑ ☛ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✡ ☞
✌ ✟
✬
☛ ☞ ☞ ✡ ☞
♠
✧
☛ ✒
✫ ♠
★
☞ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✔ ☛ ✏ ✡
✫
✥ ✖
✫
✎ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✍ ✡ ✥ ✖ ☛
✫
✎ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✍ ✡
✼
✎ ☞ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✡ ✒ ✥ ✖
t ✉
➊
❄ ❆ ❆
✈
❈
❉
✭ ✎ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✍ ♣ ✌ ✌ ☞ ✡ ✇
✙ ✳
☛ ☞
✼
① ②
✮
■ ✏ ☞ ♣ ✌ ✘ ✓
✫
✥ ✡ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✡
✫
✏ ♣ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✓ ☛ ✏ ✡
✫
☞ ✖ ☞ ✏ ✡
✬
✌ ✟ ✑ ☛ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✡ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✓ ✓ ♣ ☛ ✗ ✡ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✏ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✓ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✖
✏ ♣ ☛ ✏ ✡
✱
✘ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✏ ♣ ✡ ☞ ✘
✬
✌ ✟ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✡ ☞ ✭ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✡ ✒ ✥ ✖ ✏ ♣ ✡
☛ ✥ ✌ ✗ ✡ ✡
✱
✘ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✮ ✟ ✌ ✔ ☛ ✓ ✓ ✑ ✌ ☞ ☞ ✎ ✥ ✓ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✎ ✏ ☞
✍ ✌ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✘ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✡ ☞
✢ ❚
♣ ✎ ☞ ✎ ☞ ☛ ✒ ✡
③
☛
✬
✑ ✓ ✡ ✌ ✟ ✏ ♣ ✡
☛ ✑ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✟ ✏ ♣ ✡ ☞ ✘ ✑ ✡ ✔ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✎ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✓ ✡
✢
④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ❶ ❷ ❸
s ✎ ✒
✫
✏ ♣ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✌ ✟
☛ ☞ ✖ ☞ ✏ ✡
✬
✌ ✟ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✔ ✑ ☛ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✓ ☛ ✍ ✡
✫
☛ ✏ ✏ ♣ ✡
✗ ✡ ✔ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✟ ☛ ☞
✱
✘ ☛ ✔ ✡ ✌ ✟ ☞ ✎
✫
✡
❹✢ ❺
✓ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✥ ✏ ☛ ✎ ✒
✏ ♣ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✓ ☛ ✏ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✡ ✌ ✟ ✏ ♣ ✡ ☞
✱
✘ ☛ ✔ ✡
✢
❻ ❼ ❽ ❾
⑩
❿ ➀✌ ✒ ☞ ✎
✫
✡ ✔ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✔
✬
☛ ☞ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✍ ♣ ✌ ✟
✬
☛ ☞ ☞
✬
☛ ✏ ✏ ♣ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✔ ✒ ✡ ✔ ☞ ✌ ✟ ☛ ☞
✱
✘ ☛ ✔ ✡ ✌ ✟ ☞ ✎
✫
✡
❹ ✦ ✲
✡ ✡ s ✎ ✕
✢ ✜ ✢
➁
✢
♥ ✡ ♣ ☛ ✗ ✡ ✟ ✌ ✘ ✔
✬
☛ ☞ ☞ ✑ ☛ ✎ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✏
✫
✎ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✍ ✡
❹
☛ ✒
✫
✏ ✠ ✌
✫
✎ ☛ ✕ ✌ ✒ ☛ ✓ ✑ ☛ ✎ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✏
✫
✎ ☞ ✏ ☛ ✒ ✍ ✡
➂ ➃
❧ ✡ ✒ ✍ ✡
✴
✉ ✉
➄
➅ ➆ ➇ ➈
➈
❆ ❄ ❆
❇ ❈
➉
➉
❉
➋ ➋
➌ ➍ ➎ ➏ ➐ ➏ ➑
●   ✁ ❱ ✂ ✄ ✁ ✄ ✂ ❆ ☎ ✶ ✆ ✝
✞
❧
♠ ✟
❧
♠ ✟
✷✷
✺ ✠ ✡ ☛
☞
☛
☞
☞
❾ ❂
✏
✏
✒
✍
✎
✎
✑
✌
✰❾ ❂
❚ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✛ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✗ ✚ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✔ ✜ ✚ ✖ ✔ ✛ ❡
✚ ✓ ✔ t ✥ ✦ ✗ ✖ ✔
✭ ✧
r ★ ✩ ✴ ★✪ ✙ t
✫
✬ ✮
✯✱ ❯ ✹✲ ✳ ✵ ✸
✻ ✼
✽ ✾ ✽ ✿ ❀ ❁❃ ❄ ✿ ❀ ❄ ✿ ✿ ❅
■
❡ ✗ t ✚ ✛ ✜ ✔ ✙ t ✚ ✓ ✖ ✛
♦
✜
❇ ❈
✓ ✗ ✜
❉ ❊ ♦
✔ t ✔ ✔ ✙ ✚ ❡ ✗ ✢ ✢ t
❇
✗ ✤
❋
✚ ✛ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✓
✻ ❍
❡ ✤ ✛ ✦ ✖ t ✔ ✦ t ✙ ✜ ✕
❏
✗ ✤ ✓ ✙ ✜ ✔ t
♦
✔ ✤ ✗ ✜
t ✓ ✛ ✛ ✚ ✗ ✜ ✛
❇ s
✔ ✤ ✚
♦
✙ ✚ ✓
❏
✦ ✤ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✖ t ✣ ✔ ✔
❉
t ✗ ✜
❉
♦
✙ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✜
❉
✕ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✖ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✢ t ✣ ✔ ✔
❉ ❊
✚ ✓ ✔ ✛
❇ s
✔ ✤ ✚
t ✤ ✗ ✢ ✔ t ✓ ✙ ✕ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✜
❉
✓ ✙ ✕ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✕ ✓ ✚ t
✻ ❑
✜ ✗ ✚ ✦ ✖ ✗ ✢
✥ ✦ ✔ ✖
❈
✚ ✓ ✗ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✙ t ✔ t ✙ ✜ ✛ ✦ ✖
❏
✙ ✜
❉
✙ t ✚ ✓ ✔ ❡ ✛ ✢ ✢ ✛
♦
✙ ✜ ✕
q
➅
✤ ✗ ✜
♦
✔ ✚ ✓ ✖ ✛
♦
✗ ✜ ✛
❇ s
✔ ✤ ✚
♦
✙ ✚ ✓ t ✦ ✤ ✓ ✓ ✙ ✕ ✓ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✢
t ✣ ✔ ✔
❉
t ✚ ✓ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✚
❉
✛ ✔ t ✜ ✛ ✚ ❡ ✗ ✢ ✢
❇
✗ ✤
❋
✚ ✛ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✓
▲ ▼
❚ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✙ ✣ ✢ ✔ ✛ ❡ ✤ ✛ ✜ t ✔ ✖ ✘ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✜ ✛ ❡ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✖ ✕
❈
✓ ✔ ✢ ✣ t
✦ t ✚ ✛ ✗ ✜ t
♦
✔ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✙ t ✥ ✦ ✔ t ✚ ✙ ✛ ✜
✻ ✉
✦ ✣ ✣ ✛ t ✔ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✛
❇ s
✔ ✤ ✚
❉
✙
❉
✖ ✔ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✚
❈
✗ ✜
❉
✚ ✓ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✚ t t ✣ ✔ ✔
❉
✚ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✔
♦
✗ t
◆
❢
✻
❚ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✖ ✕
❈
✛ ❡ ✗ ✜ ✛
❇ s
✔ ✤ ✚ ✙ t ✚ ✓ ✔ t ✦
❏
✛ ❡ ✣ ✛ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✢
✗ ✜
❉ ❋
✙ ✜ ✔ ✚ ✙ ✤ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✖ ✕
❈ ✻ ❑
t
❇
✔ ❡ ✛ ✖ ✔
❖
P
❉
✔ ✜ ✛ ✚ ✔ t ✚ ✓ ✗ ✚
✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✛ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✖ ✕
❈
✛ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✛
❇ s
✔ ✤ ✚ ✗ ✚
✙ ✜ ❡ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✚
❈ ✻
❚ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✗ ✢ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✖ ✕
❈
✛ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✖ ✛
s
✔ ✤ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✔ ✗ ✚
✙ ✜ ❡ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✚
❈
✚ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✙ t
◗
❘
❙ ❲
❳
❨
❩ ❬
❭ ❪❫ ❴ ❵
❛ ❜ ✻ ❝ ❞ ❣
■
❡ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✛
❇ s
✔ ✤ ✚
♦
✗ t ✚ ✓ ✖ ✛
♦
✜ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✢
❈ ♦
✙ ✚ ✓ ✗ t ✣ ✔ ✔
❉
❤
✐
❡ ✖ ✛
❏
✗ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✜ ✚ ✗ ✚ ✗
❉
✙ t ✚ ✗ ✜ ✤ ✔
❛ ❥ ❦ ♥
♣
❣
❡ ✖ ✛
❏
✚ ✓ ✔
✤ ✔ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✖ ✛ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✓
❛ ♥
♣
✈
✖ ✗
❉
✙ ✦ t ✛ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✓
❣ ❊
✙ ✚ t
✔ ✜ ✔ ✖ ✕
❈
✙ ✜ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✢
❈ ♦
✗ t
✇
①
②
③ ④ ➊
⑤ ③ ④
⑥
⑥
⑦
⑥
⑧ ⑨ ⑩
❶ ❷ ❸ ⑨ ❹ ❺
❷ ❸
❻ ❼ ❻
❻
❛ ❜ ✻ ❝ ❽ ❣
❿ ❈
✚ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✖ ✙ ✜ ✤ ✙ ✣ ✢ ✔ ✛ ❡ ✔ ✜ ✔ ✖ ✕
❈
✤ ✛ ✜ t ✔ ✖ ✘ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✜
➀
✥ t
✻ ❛ ❜ ✻ ❝ ❞ ❣
✗ ✜
❉ ❛ ❜ ✻ ❝ ❽ ❣ ❏
✦ t ✚
❇
✔ ✔ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✢
✻ ➁
✔ ✜ ✤ ✔
➂
➂
➃
➄ ➆ ➇ ➄
➈
➉ ➋
➋
➌ ➍
➌ ➍
➎
➌
➏
➐ ➑
➒
➓
❛ ❜ ✻ ❝ ❜ ❣
❚ ✓ ✔
➔ ✻ ➁ ✻ ✉ ✻
✙ t ✗ ✣ ✛ t ✙ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✔ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✙ ✚
❈ ♦
✙ ✚ ✓ ✗
❏
✙ ✜ ✙
❏
✦
❏
✘ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✔
→
✔ ✖ ✛ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✤ ✔ t ✛
❏
✦ t ✚
❇
✔ ✚ ✓ ✔
➣ ✻ ➁ ✻ ✉ ✻
❚ ✓ ✦ t
❊
✗ ✜ ✛
❇ s
✔ ✤ ✚ ✤ ✗ ✜ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✚
❈
✗ t ✢ ✛ ✜ ✕ ✗ t
◆
✐
✙ t t ✦ ✤ ✓ ✚ ✓ ✗ ✚
↔
↕ ➙
➛ ➜ ➝
➞ ➟
➟
➠ ➡
➢
➠
➤
➥ ➦
➧
➨
❛ ❜ ✻ ❝
➩
❣
❚ ✓ ✔
❏
✙ ✜ ✙
❏
✦
❏
✘ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✔ ✛ ❡
◆
✐
✤ ✛ ✖ ✖ ✔ t ✣ ✛ ✜
❉
t ✚ ✛ ✚ ✓ ✔
✤ ✗ t ✔
♦
✓ ✔ ✜ ✚ ✓ ✔
➣ ✻ ➁ ✻ ✉ ✻
✛ ❡
➀
✥
✻ ❛ ❜ ✻ ❝
➩
❣
✔ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✢ t
→
✔ ✖ ✛
✻
❚ ✓ ✦ t
❊
✚ ✓ ✔
❏
✙ ✜ ✙
❏
✦
❏
t ✣ ✔ ✔
❉
✖ ✔ ✥ ✦ ✙ ✖ ✔
❉
❡ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✜ ✛
❇ s
✔ ✤ ✚
✚ ✛ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❡ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✚
❈ ❛
✙
✻
✔
✻
✔ t ✤ ✗ ✣ ✔ ❡ ✖ ✛
❏
✚ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✓
❣
✤ ✛ ✖ ✖ ✔ t ✣ ✛ ✜
❉
t ✚ ✛
➫ ➭
➯
➲ ➳ ➵
➸
➺
➻
➼
➻
➽ ➾ ➚
➾
➪
➶ ➹
➘
➴
❛ ❜ ✻
➷ ➬
❣
■
❡ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✛
❇ s
✔ ✤ ✚ ✙ t ✚ ✓ ✖ ✛
♦
✜ ❡ ✖ ✛
❏
✚ ✓ ✔ t ✦ ✖ ❡ ✗ ✤ ✔ ✛ ❡
✚ ✓ ✔ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✓
❊
✓
✈
➬
❊
✗ ✜
❉ ♦
✔ ✕ ✔ ✚
➮ ➱
✃ ❐ ❒
❮
❰
Ï
❰
Ð Ñ
Ò
Ó
Ô
❛ ❜ ✻
➷
Õ ❣
Ö t ✙ ✜ ✕ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✢ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✜
×
Ø
Ù Ù
Ú Û Ü ÝÞ
❊ ♦
✔ ✕ ✔ ✚
ß à
✃ ❐ ❒
❮
Ï
❰
Ò á
Ó
Ô
❛ ❜ ✻
➷
❝ ❣
Ö t ✙ ✜ ✕ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✘ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✔ ✛ ❡ ✕ ✗ ✜
❉ ➔
â
❊
✜ ✦
❏
✔ ✖ ✙ ✤ ✗ ✢ ✢
❈
❛ ◆
ã
❣
ä ã å
æ Õ Õ ✻ ❝ ❋ ❏ ç
t
✻
❚ ✓ ✙ t ✙ t ✤ ✗ ✢ ✢ ✔
❉
✚ ✓ ✔ ✔ t ✤ ✗ ✣ ✔
t ✣ ✔ ✔
❉ ❊
t ✛
❏
✔ ✚ ✙
❏
✔ t ✢ ✛ ✛ t ✔ ✢
❈
✤ ✗ ✢ ✢ ✔
❉
✚ ✓ ✔ ✔ t ✤ ✗ ✣ ✔
✘ ✔ ✢ ✛ ✤ ✙ ✚
❈ ✻
➀
✥ ✦ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✜
❛ ❜ ✻
➷
❝ ❣
✗ ✣ ✣ ✢ ✙ ✔ t ✔ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✢ ✢
❈ ♦
✔ ✢ ✢ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✜
✛
❇ s
✔ ✤ ✚ ✚ ✓ ✖ ✛
♦
✜ ❡ ✖ ✛
❏
✚ ✓ ✔ t ✦ ✖ ❡ ✗ ✤ ✔ ✛ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✔
❏
✛ ✛ ✜
♦
✙ ✚ ✓
✕ ✖ ✔ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✤ ✔
❉ ❇ ❈
✚ ✓ ✔ ✗ ✤ ✤ ✔ ✢ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✜
❉
✦ ✔ ✚ ✛ è ✛ ✛ ✜
▼
t
✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚
❈
✛ ✜ ✙ ✚ t t ✦ ✖ ❡ ✗ ✤ ✔ ✗ ✜
❉
✖
â
✖ ✔ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✤ ✔
❉ ❇ ❈
✚ ✓ ✔
✖ ✗
❉
✙ ✦ t ✛ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✔
❏
✛ ✛ ✜
✻ ❿
✛ ✚ ✓ ✗ ✖ ✔ t
❏
✗ ✢ ✢ ✔ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✖
✘ ✗ ✢ ✦ ✔ t ✛ ✜ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✗ ✜
❉
✚ ✓ ✔ ✔ t ✤ ✗ ✣ ✔ t ✣ ✔ ✔
❉
❡ ✛ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✔
❏
✛ ✛ ✜ ✚ ✦ ✖ ✜ t ✛ ✦ ✚ ✚ ✛
❇
✔
❝ ✻
➷
❋ ❏ ç
t
❊
✗
❇
✛ ✦ ✚ ❡ ✙ ✘ ✔ ✚ ✙
❏
✔ t
t
❏
✗ ✢ ✢ ✔ ✖
✻
❚ ✓ ✙ t ✙ t ✚ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✗ t ✛ ✜ ✚ ✓ ✗ ✚
❏
✛ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✗ t ✜ ✛
✗ ✚
❏
✛ t ✣ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✔
✻
é ✗ t
❏
✛ ✢ ✔ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✔ t ✙ ❡ ❡ ✛ ✖
❏
✔
❉
✛ ✜ ✚ ✓ ✔
t ✦ ✖ ❡ ✗ ✤ ✔ ✛ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✔
❏
✛ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✕ ✘ ✔ ✢ ✛ ✤ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✔ t ✢ ✗ ✖ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✗ ✜
✚ ✓ ✙ t
♦
✙ ✢ ✢ ✔ t ✤ ✗ ✣ ✔ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✣ ✦ ✢ ✢ ✛ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✔
❏
✛ ✛ ✜
✻
ê ë ì í î ï ð ñ ò ó ❚
♦
✛ ✦ ✜ ✙ ❡ ✛ ✖
❏
t ✛ ✢ ✙
❉
t ✣ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✔ t
✛ ❡ ✔ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✢ ✖ ✗
❉
✙ ✙
♥ ❊ ❇
✦ ✚
❏
✗ t t
ô
✗ ✜
❉ õ ô
✓ ✗ ✘ ✔
✗ ✤ ✔ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✖ ✚ ✛ ✤ ✔ ✜ ✚ ✖ ✔ t ✔ ✣ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✜
❞ ♥ ❊
✗ t t ✓ ✛
♦
✜
✙ ✜
ö
✙ ✕
✻ ❜ ✻ Õ
➬
✻
❚ ✓ ✔ ✚
♦
✛ t ✣ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✔ t ✗ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✢
❉
❡ ✙
÷
✔
❉ ✻
❑
✣ ✖ ✛
s
✔ ✤ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✔ ✛ ❡
❏
✗ t t
ø
✙ t ✣ ✖ ✛
s
✔ ✤ ✚ ✔
❉
❡ ✖ ✛
❏
✚ ✓ ✔ t ✦ ✖ ❡ ✗ ✤ ✔ ✛ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✔ t ✣ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✛ ❡
❏
✗ t t
ô ❉
✙ ✖ ✔ ✤ ✚ ✢
❈
✚ ✛
♦
✗ ✖
❉
t ✚ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✔ ✜ ✚ ✖ ✔ ✛ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✔ t ✔ ✤ ✛ ✜
❉
t ✣ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✔
✻
❍ ❇
✚ ✗ ✙ ✜ ✗ ✜ ✔
÷
✣ ✖ ✔ t t ✙ ✛ ✜ ❡ ✛ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✔
❏
✙ ✜ ✙
❏
✦
❏
t ✣ ✔ ✔
❉
✘ ✛ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✖ ✛
s
✔ ✤ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✔ t ✛ ✚ ✓ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✤ ✓ ✔ t
✚ ✓ ✔ t ✦ ✖ ❡ ✗ ✤ ✔ ✛ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✔ t ✔ ✤ ✛ ✜
❉
t ✣ ✓ ✔ ✖ ✔
✻
ù ú û ü ýü þÿ
❆   ✁ ✂
ð
✄
❚ ✓ ✔ ✣ ✖ ✛
s
✔ ✤ ✚ ✙ ✢ ✔ ✙ t ✗ ✤ ✚ ✔
❉
✦ ✣ ✛ ✜
❇ ❈
✚
♦
✛
❏
✦ ✚ ✦ ✗ ✢ ✢
❈
✛ ✣ ✣ ✛ t ✙ ✜ ✕ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✜ ✗ ✢ ❡ ✛ ✖ ✤ ✔ t ✛ ❡ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✚
♦
✛
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
s ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ s ❡ ☛ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✔ s ✠ ✠ ✕ ✒ ✖ ❡ ✗ ❡ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✒ s
❞ ✠ ✛ ✒ ☞ ✠ ❞ ✎ s ✍ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✑ s ✒ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✜ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✜ ✑ ✛ ✑ ✡ ✢ ✠ s
✢ ✎ ☞ ✢ ✠ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✢ ✟ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ❝ ✎ ✢ ✍ ✏ ✣ ❡ ✤ ✛ ✥ ✓ ✦ r ✱ ✜ ✠ ✟ ✎ ✧ ✠
✭ ★
✷✷
✩ ❘ ✻
♠▼ ●
✩
♠▼ ●
❾
❂
✹
✔
✪ ✫ ➊
r ✚
✬
✮ ✯
r
✬
✪ ✫ ➊
r
✮ ✰ ✲
r
r
✮ ✲ ✫
✑ ✡
➊ ✪ ✫ ✳
☛ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✍ r
✮ ➊ ✪ ✫
❞ ✑ ✠ s ☞ ✑ ✍ ✢ ✑ ☞ ✢ ✠ ✡ ☞
✌ s ✒ ☞ ✍ ✟ ✒ s ✠ ❝ ✎ ✉ ✞ ✏ ✠ ❡ ☛ ✟ ✌ s ✥ ✓
✮
r
✮ ✲ ✫
❡ ✤ ✍ ✒ s
s ✌ ✛ ✛ ✒ ✢ ✒ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✍ ✑ ✞ ✡ ✑ ♦ ✠ ✢ ✍ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✒ ✢ ✏ ✠ ✜ ✒ ✍ ✟ ✎ s ✞ ✠ ✠ ❞
✜ ✟ ✒ ✢ ✟ ✜ ✑ ✌ ✏ ❞ ✠ ☞ ✎ ✇ ✏ ✠ ✒ ✍ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✢ ✟ ✓ ❡ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✱
✍ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✖ ✡ ✎ ✧ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✑ ✛
✯
✴ ✜ ✑ ✌ ✏ ❞
s ✌ ✛ ✛ ✒ ✢ ✠ ❡ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✉ ✠ ✢ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✠ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✖ ✣ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✟ ✠ s ✌ ✡ ✛ ✎ ✢ ✠
✑ ✛ ✴ ✒ s
✵
✸✺✼
✵
✸✺ ✼
✈
✸
❊
✽
✐
✾
✿
❀
❁
❃❃❄
❡
❆ ✍ ✍ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✍ ✓✱ ✍ ✟ ✠ s ✞ ✠ ✠ ❞ ✎ ✞ ✞ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✢ ✟ ✠ s
③ ✠ ✡ ✑ ❡ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✉ ✠ ✢ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✠ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✖ ✣ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✒ s ✞ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✣
✞ ✑ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✏ ❡
✵
✸✺✼
✵
✸✺✼
❊
◆
✿
✿
❀
❃❃ ❄
❡
✕ ✡ ✑ ✉ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✢ ✒ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✑ ✛ ✢ ✑ ☞ s ✠ ✡ ✧ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✛
✉ ✠ ✢ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✠ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✖ ✣
❅
❇
❈
❇
❉
❋ ❍
■
❋ ❍
■
❋ ❍
■
❋ ❍
■
❏
❑ ❑ ▲ ❑ ❑
❖
✑ ✡
◗
❙
❚
❯
❱
❲
❳❨
❩
❬
❭
❪❩
❫
❴
❵❛
❜
❢ ❣ ❤
❥
❦
❧
♥
♣
q
t
①
②
④
⑤⑥
⑦
⑧
❆ ✞ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✍ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✍ ✠ ✒ s ✍ ✟ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✟ ✠ s ✞ ✠ ✠ ❞ ✑ ✛ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✞ ✡ ✑ ♦ ✠ ✢ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✠
✒ s ③ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✓ ✱ ✇ ✌ ✍ ✒ s ☞ ✑ ☞ ③ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✜ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✒ ✍ s ✍ ✡ ✒
⑨
✠ s ✍ ✟ ✠
✟ ✠ ✎ ✧ ✒ ✠ ✡ s ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠
✯
✴ ❡ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✢ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✛ ✍ ✟ ✒ s s ✞ ✠ ✠ ❞
✒ s ✏ ✠ ✛ ✍ ✎ s ✎ ☞ ✠ ❝ ✠ ✡ ✢ ✒ s ✠ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✠ s ✍ ✌ ❞ ✠ ☞ ✍ s ❡
⑩ ❶ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❽ ❹ ❻ ❸ ❿ ❿ ➀ ❻ ❸ ❽
➁
✎ ✡ ✍ ✟ s ✎ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✠ s ✎ ✡ ✠ ✑ ✇ ♦ ✠ ✢ ✍ s ✜ ✟ ✒ ✢ ✟ ✡ ✠ ✧ ✑ ✏ ✧ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✑ ✌ ☞ ❞
✍ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✟ ❡ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✡ ✉ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✒ s ✧ ✠ ✡ ✣ s ✒ ✉ ✒ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✠
✉ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✛ ✞ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✍ s ✎ ✡ ✑ ✌ ☞ ❞ ✍ ✟ ✠
➂
✌ ☞ ✎ ☞ ❞ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✢ ✠
➃
✠ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✡
➄
s ✏ ✎ ✜ s ✑ ✛ ✞ ✏ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✣ ✉ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✠
➅
✌ ✎ ✏ ✏ ✣
✎ ✞ ✞ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✇ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✉ ❡ ✤ ☞ ✞ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✒ ✢ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✱ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✡ ✑ ✡ ✇ ✒ ✍ s
✎ ✡ ✑ ✌ ☞ ❞ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✠ ✢ ✒ ✡ ✢ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✞ ✍ ✒ ✢ ❡
➆
✑ ✑ ☞
✒ s ✍ ✟ ✠ ✑ ☞ ✏ ✣ ☞ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✎ ✏ s ✎ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✑ ✛ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✟ ✜ ✒ ✍ ✟ ✎
☞ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✢ ✒ ✡ ✢ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✑ ✡ ✇ ✒ ✍ ✜ ✒ ✍ ✟ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✉ ✠ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✒ ✑ ❞ ✑ ✛
✎ ✞ ✞ ✡ ✑ ❝ ✒ ✉ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✣
✲ ➇
❡
➈
❞ ✎ ✣ s ✜ ✟ ✒ ✢ ✟ ✒ s ✎ ✏ s ✑ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✖ ✟ ✏ ✣
✠
➅
✌ ✎ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✒ ✑ ❞ ✑ ✛ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✉ ✑ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✇ ✑ ✌ ✍
✒ ✍ s ✑ ✜ ☞ ✎ ❝ ✒ s ❡
➂
✒ ☞ ✢ ✠ ✱ ✘ ➉ ➋
➇
✱ ✎ ❞ ✧ ✎ ☞ ✢ ✠ s ✒ ☞
✍ ✠ ✢ ✟ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✣ ✟ ✎ ✧ ✠ ✠ ☞ ✎ ✇ ✏ ✠ ❞ ✉ ✎ ☞ ✣ ✢ ✑ ✌ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✠ s
✒ ☞ ✢ ✏ ✌ ❞ ✒ ☞ ✖ ✤ ☞ ❞ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✏ ✎ ✌ ☞ ✢ ✟ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✒ ✛ ✒ ✢ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✟
s ✎ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✠ s ✛ ✑ ✡ ✞ ✡ ✎ ✢ ✍ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✌ s ✠ ✒ ☞ ✛ ✒ ✠ ✏ ❞ s ✏ ✒
⑨
✠
✍ ✠ ✏ ✠ ✢ ✑ ✉ ✉ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✱ ✖ ✠ ✑ ✞ ✟ ✣ s ✒ ✢ s ✎ ☞ ❞
✉ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✑ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✣ ❡
➌ ✠ ✜ ✒ ✏ ✏ ✢ ✑ ☞ s ✒ ❞ ✠ ✡ ✎ s ✎ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✡ ✢ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✑ ✡ ✇ ✒ ✍
✑ ✛ ✎ ❞ ✒ s ✍ ✎ ☞ ✢ ✠ ✔
✫
➍
➎ ➏ ✚ ✛ ✡ ✑ ✉ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✢ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✠ ✑ ✛ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✟ ✱
✜ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠
✫
➍
✦ ✡ ✎ ❞ ✒ ✌ s ✑ ✛ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✟ ❡ ✤ ✛ ➐ ✒ s ✍ ✟ ✠ ✉ ✎ s s
✑ ✛ ✍ ✟ ✠ s ✎ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✎ ☞ ❞ ➑ ✒ ✍ s s ✞ ✠ ✠ ❞ ✱ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✢ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✏
✛ ✑ ✡ ✢ ✠ ✡ ✠
➅
✌ ✒ ✡ ✠ ❞ ✛ ✑ ✡ ✍ ✟ ✒ s ✑ ✡ ✇ ✒ ✍ ✒ s
✕ ✔ ✢ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✦
➒
➓ ➔
→
➣ ↔
↕ ➙ ➛
✔ ✗ ❡
➈ ➈
✚
❞ ✒ ✡ ✠ ✢ ✍ ✠ ❞ ✍ ✑ ✜ ✎ ✡ ❞ s ✍ ✟ ✠ ✢ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✠ ✡ ❡ ☛ ✟ ✒ s ✢ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✞ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✑ ✡ ✢ ✠
✒ s ✞ ✡ ✑ ✧ ✒ ❞ ✠ ❞ ✇ ✣ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✎ ✧ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✑ ✡ ✢ ✠ ✱ ✜ ✟ ✒ ✢ ✟ ✒ s
✕ ✔ ✖ ✡ ✎ ✧ ✒ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✚ ✦ ➜
➝ ➞
➟
➟
❋
➠
❍
■ ➡ ➢
✔ ✗ ❡
➈ ✯
✚
➌ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✴
➍
✒ s ✍ ✟ ✠ ✉ ✎ s s ✑ ✛ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✟ ❡
➁ ➅
✌ ✎ ✍ ✒ ☞ ✖
➤
❡
➥
❡
➂
✑ ✛
➁ ➅
s ❡ ✔ ✗ ❡
➈ ➈
✚ ✎ ☞ ❞ ✔ ✗ ❡
➈ ✯
✚ ✎ ☞ ❞
✢ ✎ ☞ ✢ ✠ ✏ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✖ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✉ ✱ ✜ ✠ ✖ ✠ ✍
➜
➝ ➞
➟
➟
❋ ❍
➦
■ ➡
▲
➢
✔ ✗ ❡
➈
➋ ✚
☛ ✟ ✌ s ➑ ❞ ✠ ✢ ✡ ✠ ✎ s ✠ s ✎ s ➏ ✒ ☞ ✢ ✡ ✠ ✎ s ✠ s ❡ ✕ ✡ ✑ ✉
✠
➅
✌ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✔ ✗ ❡
➈
➋ ✚ ✱ ✍ ✟ ✠ s ✞ ✠ ✠ ❞ ➑ ✛ ✑ ✡ ➏ ✦ ✙ ✒ s
➧
➨ ➩ ➫ ➭
➯ ➯
➲ ➳ ➵ ➸ ➺ ➻ ➺➼ ➼ ➼
✔ ✗ ❡
➈ ✪
✚
✜ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✜ ✠ ✟ ✎ ✧ ✠ ✌ s ✠ ❞ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞
✖ ✦
➽
➾
➚
➪ ➶ ➹
❡ ✤ ☞ ✠ ✧ ✠ ✡ ✣ ✑ ✡ ✇ ✒ ✍ ✱ ✍ ✟ ✠ s ✎ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✠
✍ ✡ ✎ ✧ ✠ ✡ s ✠ s ✎ ❞ ✒ s ✍ ✎ ☞ ✢ ✠
✲
➘ ✔
✫
➍
➎ ➏ ✚ ✜ ✒ ✍ ✟ s ✞ ✠ ✠ ❞ ➑ ❡ ✤ ✍
➄
s
✍ ✒ ✉ ✠ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✒ ✑ ❞
➴
✍ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✛ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✒ s
➷ ➬ ➮
➱ ✃ ❐ ➱ ✃ ❐
❒ ❒
❒
❮ ❰ ❮ ❰
Ï
Ð
Ñ Ò
Ó ÓÔ Ô
Õ Õ
✔ ✗ ❡
➈ ➇
✚
✑ ☞ s ✌ ✇ s ✍ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✛ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✠ ✑ ✛ ➑ ✛ ✡ ✑ ✉
➁ ➅
❡ ✔ ✗ ❡
➈
➋ ✚ ❡
➂ ➅
✌ ✎ ✡ ✒ ☞ ✖ ✇ ✑ ✍ ✟ s ✒ ❞ ✠ s ✑ ✛
➁ ➅
❡ ✔ ✗ ❡
➈ ➇
✚ ✱ ✜ ✠ ✖ ✠ ✍
➴
Ö
✮
× Ø
✫
➍
Ù ➏ Ú
Û
ØÜ ➏ Ý r Ý ×
✮
Þ ➘
Ö
ß à ✴
➍
Ú ✔ ✗ ❡
➈
✗ ✚
✜ ✟ ✒ ✢ ✟ ✒ s
➃
✠ ✞ ✏ ✠ ✡
➄
s ✏ ✎ ✜ ✑ ✛ ✞ ✠ ✡ ✒ ✑ ❞ s ✱ ✎ s ✎ ✞ ✞ ✏ ✒ ✠ ❞ ✍ ✑
✉ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✛ s ✎ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✠ s ✎ ✡ ✑ ✌ ☞ ❞ ✍ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✟ ❡ ✕ ✑ ✡ ✎
s ✎ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✧ ✠ ✡ ✣ ✢ ✏ ✑ s ✠ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✠ s ✌ ✡ ✛ ✎ ✢ ✠ ✑ ✛ ✠ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✟ ➏ ✢ ✎ ☞
✇ ✠ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✏ ✠ ✢ ✍ ✠ ❞ ✒ ☞ ✢ ✑ ✉ ✞ ✎ ✡ ✒ s ✑ ☞ ✍ ✑
✫
➍
✒ ☞
➁ ➅
❡ ✔ ✗ ❡
➈
✗ ✚ ❡
➥
✠ ☞ ✢ ✠ ✱ ✛ ✑ ✡ s ✌ ✢ ✟ s ✎ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✠ s ✱
➴
✒ s
➴
á
✱ ✜ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✠
â
❇ ã
ä
å ■ æç▲
✔ ✗ ❡
➈
➉ ✚
✤ ✛ ✜ ✠ s ✌ ✇ s ✍ ✒ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✉ ✠ ✡ ✒ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✧ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✠ s
✖
;
➉ ❡ ✗ ✉ s
è ✬
✎ ☞ ❞
✫
➍
✦
✪ ✯
✙ ✙
⑨
✉ ❡ ✱ ✜ ✠ ✖ ✠ ✍
é
ê
ë ì í î ï
ð
ñ
ì
ò
ó ô
õ
ö
s
➌ ✟ ✒ ✢ ✟ ✒ s ✎ ✞ ✞ ✡ ✑ ❝ ✒ ✉ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✣ ✗ ➋ ✉ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✠ s ❡
●   ✁ ❱ ✂ ✄ ✁ ✄ ✂ ❆ ☎ ✶ ✆ ✝
✞
✞
✞
❊ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✑ ✕ ✚ ✗ ✛ ✜
♠ ✜ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✢ ✓ ✑ ✜ ✣ ✜ ✚ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✤ ✒ ✔ ♠ ✜ ✚ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✓ ✑ ✜ ✣ ✜ ✚ ✑ ✕ ✚
✕ ✓ ✒ ✙ ★ ✜ ✤ ❛ ✑ ✜ ✪ ✙ ✚ ✢ ✫ ✬ ♠ ★ ✖ ✪ ✗ ✒ ✚ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✙ ✣ ★ ✗ ✕ ✔
✙ ✕ ✤ ★ ✪ ✚ ✜ r ✬ ✦ ✭ × ✮ ✯
✸
✰ ♠ ✦ ✱✕ ✔ ✲ ✪ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✒ ♠ ✕ ✚ ✚
✜ r ♠ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✦ ✧ ★ ★ ✩ ♦ ✚ ✚ ✪ ♠ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✤ ♠ ✕ ✙ ✚
♠ ✜ ✳ ✒ ★ ✖ ✲ ★ ✙ ✲ ✪ ✔ ✕ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✣ ★ ✗ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✜ ✪ ✖ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✚ ✪ ✖ ✢
✛ ★ ✗ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✒ ♠ ✕ ✙ ✗ ★ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✙ ✣ ★ ✗ ✣ ✒ ★ ✖ ✇ ✮ ✦ ✴ ✵ ✗ ★ ♠ ✒ ✚
✗ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✙ ✣ ★ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✕ ✤ ★ ✪ ✚ ✜ r ✗ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✑ ✦ t ✑ ✕ ✗ ★ ✚
✗ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✖ ✇ ✗ ✑ ✜ r ✗ ✑ ✒ ♠ ✕ ✙ ✗ ★ ✕ ✖ ✷ ✒ ✕ ✙ ★ ✖ ✤ ✕ ✷ ✚ ✹
✺ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✌ ✾ ✧ ★ ✩ t ✒ ✒ ♠ ✓ ✔ ✜ ✷ ❡ ✿ ✦ ✧ ❀ ✦ ✫ ❀ ✩ ✛ ★ ✗ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✚ ✪ ✖ ❁ ✚
♠ ✕ ✚ ✚ ✙ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✲ ✒ ✤ ✣ ✷ ✗ ✑ ✒ ♠ ✕ ✙ ✗ ★ ✕ ✖ ♠ ✕ ✚ ✚ ▼
❂
❚
❃ ❄
❘
❅
❇
❈
❉
❋
❍
■
❏
❑
▲
◆
❖
P
◗
❙ ❯
❙
❲
❳ ❨ ❳ ❨
❳ ❨
❩
❬ ❬ ❬
❬ ❬ ❬
❭ ❪ ❫ ❴ ❭
❵ ❫ ❵ ❜ ❴ ❝ ❭ ❞ ❢ ❵ ❝
❣ ❤ ❤
✐
✐
❥
❤ ❦
❢ ❭ ❴ ❝❫
❧ ♥ ❧ ♥
❧ ♥
♣
q s✉ ✈ q
① ✉ ① ② q✉ ③④ ① ✈ ⑤
⑥
⑦⑧
⑨
⑩
❶ ❶ ❶
❶ ❶ ❶
⑥
❷
❸ ❹
④ q ✈ ⑤✉
❺ ❻
✦ ✭ ❀ × ✮ ✯
❼
✸
✰ ✇ ✦
✧ ★ ★ ✩
❽
✖ ✲ ✒ ✕ ✇ ✕ ★ ✖
❾
✒ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✙ ❁ ✚ ✗ ✑ ★ ✙ ✤ ✔ ✕ ✛ ✲ ✜ ♠ ✒ ✚ ✗ ✜ ✜ ✪ ✙
✕ ★ ✤ ✢
❚
❚
❘
❘
❿
❅
➀
❅
❿ ➁
➂
➀ ➁
➂
❈
✛ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✒ ➃
➄ ➅
★ ✚ ✗ ✑ ✒ ♠ ✕ ✙ ✚ ➆ ✚ ✪ ✖ ✤ ★ ✚ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✲ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✤ ➃
➇ ➅
★ ✚
✗ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✑ ➆ ✚ ✪ ✖ ✤ ★ ✚ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✲ ✒ ✦
➈ ➉
➄
❺
✧ ✮ ✦ ✴ ✵ ✩
✸
➊ ❼
× ✫
❻
✴
❺ ❻
❀ ✭ ✤ ✕ ✷ ✚
t ✒ ✖ ✜ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✕ ✗ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✙ ✣ ★ ✗ ✚ ✜ r ✕ ✔ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✒ ✗ ✚ ✒ ➋ ✲ ✒ ✓ ✗
✘ ✒ ✙ ✲ ✪ ✙ ✷ ✢ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✖ ✤ ➌ ✔ ✪ ✗ ✜ ✕ ✙ ✒ ✳ ✒ ✙ ✷ ✲ ✔ ✜ ✚ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✣ ✒ ★ ✖ ✇
✲ ★ ✙ ✲ ✪ ✔ ✕ ✙ ✦ ➍ ✜ ✙ ✒ ➋ ✕ ♠ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✢ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✕ ✗ ★ ✜ ✜ r ✗ ✑ ✒ ✚ ✒ ♠ ★ ➆
♠ ★ ✖ ✜ ✙ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✒ ♠ ★ ➆ ♠ ✕ ➎ ✜ ✙ ✕ ➋ ★ ✚ r ✜ ✙ ✜ ✪ ✙ ❡ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✑ ★ ✚ ✢ ➏ ➐ ➑
➒ ✯ ✦ ✬ ✬ ✬ ❀
❻
✦ ➓
❊ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ➔ → ➣ ↔ ↕ ➙ ↔ ➛ ↕ ➜➙ ➣ ➝ ➞ ➟➜➙ ➠ ➡ ✜ ✪
✕ ✙ ✒ ✇ ★ ✳ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✒ r ✜ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✛ ★ ✖ ✇ ✤ ✕ ✗ ✕ ➠ ➢
❺
✬ ✦ ❀ ✮ ♠ ✚
➤
❼
✢
➃
➇
❺ ❻
✦ ✫ ❛ × ✮ ✯
➥
♠ ✢ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✤ ★ ✚ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✲ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✑ ✒ ♠ ✜ ✜ ✖
➃
❺
✫ ✦ ❀ ✭ × ✮ ✯
➦
♠ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✗ ★ ♠ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✙ ★ ✜ ✤ ✜ r ✗ ✑ ✒
♠ ✜ ✜ ✖ ❁ ✚ ✙ ✒ ✳ ✜ ✔ ✪ ✗ ★ ✜ ✖ ★ ✚ ✵ ❛ ✦ ✫ ✤ ✕ ✷ ✚ ✦
❽
✣ ✗ ✕ ★ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✒
♠ ✕ ✚ ✚ ✜ r ✗ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✑ ▼
➇
★ ✖ ✗ ✛ ✜ ✤ ★ r r ✒ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✛ ✕ ✷ ✚ ✦
✺ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✌ ✾ ➍ ✙ ✜ ♠ ❡ ✿ ✦ ✧ ❀ ✦ ✮ ✵ ✩ ✛ ✒ ✑ ✕ ✳ ✒
➧
➨ ➩
➫
➭
➯
➯
➲
➳ ➵
➸
➺ ➺
➺
➻ ➼ ➽ ➾ ➚ ➼ ➪ ➶ ➾ ➹
➚ ➼ ➚ ➶ ➾ ➹
➘
➴
➷ ➬ ➬
❺
✴ ✦ ✬ ❛ × ✮ ✯
❼
➮
✰ ✇ ✦
✥ ✑ ✒ ♠ ✜ ✜ ✖ ★ ✚ ✕ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✔ ✔ ★ ✗ ✒ ✜ r ✗ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✑ ✦ ➍ ✙ ✜ ♠
✗ ✑ ✒ ✤ ✒ ✙ ★ ✳ ✕ ✗ ★ ✜ ✖ ✜ r
❾
✒ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✙ ❁ ✚ ✗ ✑ ★ ✙ ✤ ✔ ✕ ✛ ➱ ✚ ✒ ✒ ❡ ✿ ✦
✧ ❀ ✦ ✫ ❀ ✩
✃
➀
❐❒
❮
❰
❍
❋
❋
Ï Ð
Ñ
Ò
Ó Ò
Ô
Õ Ö
Ø
Ù
Ú
Û
Ü
Ý Þ
Ý Þ
ß
à à à à
à à à à à
á â ã ä á â ã ä á â ã å á ä æ
ç ã ç è ä æ é è ã â é á ç æ ç æ
❷
⑥
ê
⑦❸ ❸ ⑥
ë ìíî ïð ñ ï
ò ó
ôõ
ö
✜ ✗ ✑ ♠ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✜ ✤ ✚ ✷ ★ ✒ ✔ ✤ ✕ ✔ ♠ ✜ ✚ ✗ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✚ ✕ ♠ ✒ ✕ ✖ ✚ ✛ ✒ ✙ ✢
✗ ✑ ✒ ✤ ★ r r ✒ ✙ ✒ ✖ ✲ ✒ ✣ ✒ ✗ ✛ ✒ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✒ ♠ ✣ ✒ ★ ✖ ✇ ✔ ✒ ✚ ✚ ✗ ✑ ✕ ✖ ✮
÷
✦
➓
❊ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎
ø
❡ ➋ ✓ ✙ ✒ ✚ ✚ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✲ ✜ ✖ ✚ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✰ ✜ r
❡ ✿ ✦ ✧ ❀ ✦ ✫ ❀ ✩ ★ ✖ ✤ ✕ ✷ ✚ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✰ ★ ✔ ✜ ♠ ✒ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✚ ✦
ù
★ ✳ ✒ ✖
✰ ➒ ✮ ✯
➤
ú
✸
✚
❼
♠
➤ ✸
✦ ✥ ✑ ✒ ♠ ✜ ✜ ✖ ★ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✤ ★ ✚ ✗ ✕ ✖ ✲ ✒
✜ r ✫ ✦ ❀ ✭ × ✮ ✯
û
✰ ♠ r ✙ ✜ ♠ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✑ ✦
❽
✣ ✗ ✕ ★ ✖ ★ ✗ ✚
✗ ★ ♠ ✒ ➆ ✓ ✒ ✙ ★ ✜ ✤ ✜ r ✙ ✒ ✳ ✜ ✔ ✪ ✗ ★ ✜ ✖ ★ ✖ ✤ ✕ ✷ ✚ ✦
✺ ✻ ✼ ✽ ✌ ✾
ù
★ ✳ ✒ ✖
ü ❺
✮ ✯
➤
ú
✸
✚
❼
♠
➤ ✸
➒
ý þ
ÿ ✭
✶  
✶
❞
✶
❦ ✁
❾
× ×
✙
✚
✛
✛
✜
✢
✣
✣
✙
✚
✛
✛
✜
✢
✣
✣
✂ ✄
✷
✷
✄ ✄
☎ ✹ ✻   ✻   ✶ ✶      ✴
❺
✮ ✦ ✫ ✫ × ✮ ✯
➤
ú
➮
✤
❼
✰ ♠
➤ ✸
❯
✚ ★ ✖ ✇ ❡ ✿ ✦ ✧ ❀ ✦ ✫ ❀ ✩ ✕ ✖ ✤ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✇ ★ ✳ ✒ ✖ ✳ ✕ ✔ ✪ ✒ ✜ r ✰ ✢
✗ ✑ ✒ ✗ ★ ♠ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✙ ★ ✜ ✤ ✜ r ✗ ✑ ✒ ♠ ✜ ✜ ✖ ★ ✚
➉
✆
❺
✧ ✮ ✦ ✫ ✫ × ✮ ✯
✲
ú
➮
✩ ✧ ✫ ✦ ❀ ✭ × ✮ ✯
û
✩
✸
➉
❺
✵ ❛ ✦ ✫ ✤ ➓
◆ ✜ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✕ ✗ ❡ ✿ ✦ ✧ ❀ ✦ ✫ ❀ ✩ ✕ ✔ ✚ ✜ ✑ ✜ ✔ ✤ ✚ r ✜ ✙ ✒ ✔ ✔ ★ ✓ ✗ ★ ✲ ✕ ✔
✜ ✙ ✣ ★ ✗ ✚ ★ r ✛ ✒ ✙ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✲ ✒ ✧ ➃
➇
✰ ❤ ✩ ✣ ✷ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✚ ✒ ♠ ★ ➆ ♠ ✕ ➎ ✜ ✙
✕ ➋ ★ ✚ ✜ r ✗ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✔ ✔ ★ ✓ ✚ ✒ ✦ ✥ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✕ ✙ ✗ ✑ ✛ ★ ✔ ✔ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✣ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✖ ✒
✜ r ✗ ✑ ✒ r ✜ ✲ ★ ✜ r ✗ ✑ ★ ✚ ✒ ✔ ✔ ★ ✓ ✚ ✒ ✦
✽ ✝ ✞ ✟ ➝ ❊ ➝ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ❊ ☞ ✠ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✏ ❊ ✡ ✒ ✍ ✑ ➝ ❚ ❚ ✏ ✑ ➝
❯
✚ ★ ✖ ✇ ❡ ✿ ✦ ✧ ❀ ✦ ✫ ✴ ✩ ✢ ✗ ✑ ✒ ✰ ★ ✖ ✒ ✗ ★ ✲ ✒ ✖ ✒ ✙ ✇ ✷ ✜ r ✗ ✑ ✒
✚ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✔ ✔ ★ ✗ ✒ ★ ✖ ✕ ✲ ★ ✙ ✲ ✪ ✔ ✕ ✙ ✜ ✙ ✣ ★ ✗ ✛ ★ ✗ ✑ ✚ ✓ ✒ ✒ ✤
✈
★ ✚
✓
✔
✕
❑ ✖ ♠ ✗
❈g
✘ ✤ ✮
✥
✥
● ✦ ▼
❘ ✧
❂
★
✢ ✧ ❀ ✦ ✭ ✯ ✩
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
✞
❈✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✎ ✎ ✍ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✒ ✏ ✒ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✟ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✒
☛ ✠ ✐ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✟ ✖ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✟ ♦ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✟ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✒
☞ ☛ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✠ ❞ ✌ ✙ ✚
e
✰ ✘ ✛ ✐ ✍ ✟ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✌ ❞ ✌ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✐ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✡
✳
✭ ✢
❊
❊
● ✣ ▼
✤ ✥
❘ ✦
❂ ✧
★
✙
✩ ✪ ✫ ✬
✛
❚
✘ ✌
✮ ✪ ✯
☛ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌
✱
✘ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✘ ✌
❡ ✪ ✯
☛ ✡
✠ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌
✪ ♥
✟
✱
✌ ✑ ✌ ✍ ♦ ☛ ✠ ✜ ✏ ✎ ✠ ☛ ✒
✲
☞ ✌ ✒ ✘ ✌
✮ ✪ ✯ ✪
☛ ✡ ✘ ✏ ✓ ✐
✒ ✘ ✌
❡ ✪ ✯
♦ ✡ ✟ ✒ ✘ ✏ ✒ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✒ ✟ ✒ ✏ ✓
✯
☛ ✡
✴ ✴
✷ ✵ ✸
✹
✹
✺ ✻ ✼
✽ ✾ ✽ ✿ ✽
❀ ❁
❃ ❄ ❃ ❾
❄
✙
✩ ✪ ✫ ❅
✛
❚
✘ ✌ ✒ ✟ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✟ ✐ ✏ ✠ ❞ ☛ ✍ ❞
✲
✓ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✕ ✟ ✍ ✖ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✠ ✎
✡ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✓ ✓ ☛ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✒ ✘
✲
✡ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ♦
✱
☛ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✟ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✏ ✓
✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✖
✲
✒ ✒
✱
☛ ❞ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✜ ✏ ✎ ✠ ☛ ✒
✲
☞ ✌ ✟ ✐
✒ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ t ☛ ✠ ✌ ✒ ☛ ❞ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕
✪
❲ ✘ ✌ ✠ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✖ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✐ ✏ ✡ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✓ ✓ ☛ ✒ ✌ ✖ ✌ ❞ ✟ ✜ ✌ ✡
✌ ✓ ✓ ☛ ✔ ✒ ☛ ❞ ♦ ✖ ✟ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✌ ❑ ❆ ❇ ❆ ✏ ✠ ☞ ❉ ❆ ❇ ❆ ✑ ✏ ✍ ✕ ✐ ✍ ✟ ✜ ✔ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✒
✒ ✟ ✔ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✒
✪ ❚
✘ ✌ ✒ ✟ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕
✱
✘ ☛ ❞ ✘ ✍ ✌ ✜ ✏ ☛ ✠ ✡
❞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✘ ✌ ❞ ☛ ✍ ❞
✲
✓ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✖ ☛ ✒ ❞ ✏ ✡ ✌
✪
❚
✘ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✡
✱
✘ ✏ ✒
✱
✌ ✌ ❋ ✔ ✌ ❞ ✒ ♦ ✡ ☛ ✠ ❞ ✌ ✏ ✡
✱
✌ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✌
☞ ☛ ✡ ❞
✲
✡ ✡ ✌ ☞ ✖ ✌ ✐ ✟ ✍ ✌ ☛ ✐ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✒ ✟ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕ ☛ ✡ ✔ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✍
✗ ✌ ✍ ✟ ♦ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✟ ✖ ❍ ✌ ❞ ✒ ✌ ✡ ❞ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✐ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✕
✪
■ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✓ ✓ ☛ ✒ ✌ ✡
✏ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✓
✱
✏ ✕ ✡ ✏ ✒ ✐ ☛ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✠ ❞ ✌ ✐ ✍ ✟ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✒ ✘ ✏ ✠ ☞
✘ ✌ ✠ ❞ ✌ ✒ ✘ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✡ ❞ ✏ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✖ ✌ ✔ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✑ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✗ ✌ ✍ ✟
✪
❏ ▲ ◆ ❖ ◗ ❙ ❯ ❱ ❳ ❱ ❨ ✫ ❩ ❩
t ✎ ✡ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✓ ✓ ☛ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✏
❞ ☛ ✍ ❞
✲
✓ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✖ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✐ ✍ ✏ ☞ ☛
✲
✡
❅ ❬
❭
✏ ✖ ✟
✲
✒ ✒ ✘ ✌
✯
✏ ✍ ✒ ✘
✪ ♥
✟
✱
✜
✲
❞ ✘ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕ ☛ ✡ ✍ ✌
❪ ✲
☛ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✟
✒ ✍ ✏ ✠ ✡ ✐ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✒ ✒ ✟ ✏ ❞ ☛ ✍ ❞
✲
✓ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✖ ☛ ✒ ✟ ✐ ✍ ✏ ☞ ☛
✲
✡
✫ ❬
❭
❫
❲ ✘ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✒ ✘ ✌ ❞ ✘ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✘ ✌ t ☛ ✠ ✌ ✒ ☛ ❞ ✏ ✠ ☞
✔ ✟ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✡
❫
❴ ❵ ❛ ❜ ❯ ❝ ❢
✠ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✕ ♦
❣
❣
❤
❥
♠❦ ❧
♣
q
r s
✉ ✈✇ ① ② ③ ④ ⑤ ⑥ ② ⑦ ① ✈⑧ ⑨ ⑩ ⑦ ② ❶ ⑥
❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❼ ❸ ❽ ❼ ❿ ❼ ❹ ❽ ➀ ❼ ➁ ➂ ❻ ➃ ❼ ❻ ➄ ❼ ➅ ❺ ❽ ➀ ❽ ➀ ❼ ➆ ❻ ➇ ❸ ➃ ➀ ❺ ❸ ➄ ➈ ➉ ❽ ➀ ❼ ➆ ➈ ➅ ➈ ❿ ➊ ❺ ❽ ➁ ❻ ❽ ❼ ➆ ➆ ❺ ❽ ❼ ➋❿ ➌ ❻ ➊ ➀ ❻ ❽ ❽ ❻ ❺ ❸ ➍ ➎ ➏ ➐ ➑ ❷ ❸ ❽ ➀ ❼ ➉ ❺ ❿ ➁ ❽
➉ ❼ ➅ ➌❼ ❻ ❿ ➁ ➈ ➉ ❺ ❽ ➁ ➂ ❿ ➈ ➄ ❿ ❻ ➒ ➒ ❼ ❽ ➀ ❼ ➆ ❻ ➇ ❸ ➃ ➀ ➓ ❼ ➀ ❺ ➃ ➆ ❼ ➁ ➅ ❼ ❿ ❼ ➂ ❿ ➈ ➓ ❺ ❹ ❼ ❹ ➊ ➌ ❽ ➀ ❼ ❼ ❿ ➁ ❽ ➅ ➀ ❺ ➆ ❼ ➔ ➈ ➓ ❺ ❼ ❽ → ❸ ❺ ➈ ❸ ➑ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ➄ ❼ ❸ ➈ ➇ ➁
➆ ❻ ➇ ❸ ➃ ➀ ➓ ❼ ➀ ❺ ➃ ➆ ❼ ➁ ➅ ❼ ❿ ❼ ❼ ➒ ➂ ➆ ➈ ➌ ❼ ❹ ❺ ❸ ❽ ➀ ❼ ❼ ❻ ❿ ➆ ➌ ➍ ➎ ➣ ↔ ↕ ➁ ❽ ➈ ➁ ❼ ❸ ❹ ❽ ➀ ❼ ➙ ➈ ➀ ❺ ❸ ❺ ➁ ❼ ❿ ❺ ❼ ➁ ➈ ➉ ➁ ❻ ❽ ❼ ➆ ➆ ❺ ❽ ❼ ➁ ❺ ❸ ❽ ➈ ➁ ➂ ❻ ➃ ❼ ➑
➛ ➀ ❼ ➂ ❿ ➈ ➄❿ ❻ ➒ ➒ ❼ ❽ ➈ ➁ ❼ ❸ ❹ ➂ ➈ ➆ ❻ ❿ ➁ ❻ ❽ ❼ ➆ ➆ ❺ ❽ ❼ ➁ ❺ ❸ ❽ ➈ ➁ ➂ ❻ ➃ ❼ ➊ ❼ ➄❻ ❸ ❺ ❸ ➆ ❻ ❽ ❼ ➍ ➎ ➣ ↔ ↕ ➁ ➑ ➋ ➁ ❼ ❿ ❺ ❼ ➁ ➈ ➉ ➁ ❻ ❽ ❼ ➆ ➆ ❺ ❽ ❼ ➁ ➆ ❻ ➊ ❼ ➆ ➆ ❼ ❹
❷➙ ➔ ➜ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❸ ➙ ❼ ➒ ➈ ❽ ❼ ➔ ❼ ❸ ➁ ❺ ❸ ➄ ➔ ❻ ❽ ❼ ➆ ➆ ❺ ❽ ❼ ➁ ➝ ➀ ❻ ➓ ❼ ➊ ❼ ❼ ❸ ➆ ❻ ➇ ❸ ➃ ➀ ❼ ❹ ❻ ❸ ❹ ❽ ➀ ❺ ➁ ➂ ❿ ➈ ➄❿ ❻ ➒ ➒ ❼ ❺ ➁ ❼ ➞ ➂ ❼ ➃ ❽ ❼ ❹ ❽ ➈ ➃ ➈ ❸ ❽ ❺ ❸ ➇ ❼
❺ ❸ ➉ ➇ ❽ ➇❿ ❼ ➑ ➛ ➀ ❼ ➁ ❻ ❽ ❼ ➆ ➆ ❺ ❽ ❼ ➁ ➀ ❻ ➓ ❼ ➊ ❼ ❼ ❸ ❼ ➒ ➂ ➆ ➈ ➌ ❼ ❹ ➉ ➈ ❿ ➁ ➇❿ ➓ ❼ ➌ ❺ ❸ ➄ ➟ ➅ ❼ ❻ ❽ ➀ ❼ ❿ ➂ ❿ ❼ ❹ ❺ ➃ ❽ ❺ ➈ ❸ ❻ ❸ ❹ ➉ ➈ ❿ ➃ ❻ ❿ ❿ ➌ ❺ ❸ ➄ ➈ ➇ ❽
❼ ➞ ➂ ❼ ❿ ❺ ➒ ❼ ❸ ❽ ➁ ❺ ❸ ➁ ➂ ❻ ➃ ❼ ➑ ➛ ➀ ❼ ❷
➠
➔ ➋➛ ➜ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❸
➠
❻ ❽ ❺ ➈ ❸ ❻ ➆ ➔ ❻ ❽ ❼ ➆ ➆ ❺ ❽ ❼ ➝ ➁ ❼ ❿ ❺ ❼ ➁ ➈ ➉ ➁ ❻ ❽ ❼ ➆ ➆ ❺ ❽ ❼ ➁ ➅ ❼ ❿ ❼ ❹ ❼ ➁ ❺ ➄ ❸ ❼ ❹ ❻ ❸ ❹
➒ ❻ ❹ ❼ ➈ ➂ ❼ ❿ ❻ ❽ ❺ ➈ ❸ ❻ ➆ ➉ ➈ ❿ ➃ ➈ ➒ ➒ ➇ ❸ ❺ ➃ ❻ ❽ ❺ ➈ ❸ ➁ ❻ ❸ ❹ ➅ ❼ ❻ ❽ ➀ ❼ ❿ ➂ ❿ ❼ ❹ ❺ ➃ ❽ ❺ ➈ ❸ ➂ ➇❿ ➂ ➈ ➁ ❼ ➁ ➊ ❼ ➄❺ ❸ ❸ ❺ ❸ ➄ ❺ ❸ ➍ ➎ ➣ ➡ ➑ ➢ ➇❿ ➈ ➂ ❼ ❻ ❸
➆ ❻ ➇ ❸ ➃ ➀ ➓ ❼ ➀ ❺ ➃ ➆ ❼ ➁ ➀ ❻ ➓ ❼ ➊ ❼ ❼ ❸ ❼ ➒ ➂ ➆ ➈ ➌❼ ❹ ❺ ❸ ❽ ➀ ❼ ❷
➠
➔ ➋➛ ➁ ❼ ❿ ❺ ❼ ➁ ➑ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❽ ❼ ➁ ❽ ❼ ❹ ❺ ❽ ➁ ➄ ❼ ➈ ➁ ❽ ❻ ❽ ❺ ➈ ❸ ❻ ❿ ➌ ➆ ❻ ➇ ❸ ➃ ➀ ➃ ❻ ➂ ❻ ➊ ❺ ➆ ❺ ❽ ➌
❺ ❸ ➡ ↔ ↔ ➍ ➅ ➀ ❼ ❸ ❺ ❽ ➁ ❼ ❸ ❽ ❻ ❸ ❼ ➞ ➂ ❼ ❿ ❺ ➒ ❼ ❸ ❽ ❻ ➆ ➃ ➈ ➒ ➒ ➇ ❸ ❺ ➃ ❻ ❽ ❺ ➈ ❸ ➁ ➁ ❻ ❽ ❼ ➆ ➆ ❺ ❽ ❼ ➜
➤
➔ ➋ ➛
➥
➍ ➝ ❺ ❸ ❽ ➈ ➁ ➂ ❻ ➃ ❼ ➑ ❷ ❸ ➍ ➎ ➣
q
➙ ❻
➦
❼ ➁ ➀
➔ ➀ ❻ ❿ ➒ ❻ ➊ ❼ ➃ ❻ ➒ ❼ ❽ ➀ ❼ ➉ ❺ ❿ ➁ ❽ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❸ ❻ ➁ ❽ ❿ ➈ ❸ ❻ ➇ ❽ ➑ ➛ ➀ ❼ ❷ ❸ ❹ ❺ ❻ ❸ ➔ ➂ ❻ ➃ ❼ ➙ ❼ ➁ ❼ ❻ ❿ ➃ ➀
➧
❿ ➄ ❻ ❸ ❺ ➁ ❻ ❽ ❺ ➈ ❸ ➜ ❷ ➔ ➙
➧
➝ ❺ ➁ ❽ ➀ ❼
➇➒ ➊ ❿ ❼ ➆ ➆ ❻ ➈ ❿ ➄❻ ❸ ❺ ➁ ❻ ❽ ❺ ➈ ❸ ❽ ➀ ❻ ❽ ❿ ➇ ❸ ➁ ❻ ❸ ➇➒ ➊ ❼ ❿ ➈ ➉ ➃ ❼ ❸ ❽ ❿ ❼ ➑ ❷ ❽ ➁ ➒ ❻ ❺ ❸ ➆ ❻ ➇ ➃ ➀ ➃ ❼ ❸ ❽ ❿ ❼ ❻ ❽ ➔ ❿ ❺ ➀ ❻ ❿ ❺
➦
➈ ❽ ❻ ➜ ➔
➨
➋➙ ➝ ❺ ➁
➍ ↔ ↔
➦
➒ ❸ ➈ ❿ ❽ ➀ ➈ ➉
➩
➀ ❼ ❸ ❸ ❻ ❺ ➑ ➛ ➀ ❼
➠
❻ ❽ ❺ ➈ ❸ ❻ ➆ ➙ ❼ ➒ ➈ ❽ ❼ ➔ ❼ ❸ ➁ ❺ ❸ ➄ ➋➄ ❼ ❸ ➃ ➌ ➜
➠
➙ ➔ ➋ ➝ ❺ ➁ ❸ ❼ ❻ ❿
➨
➌❹ ❼ ❿ ❻ ➊ ❻ ❹ ➑ ❷ ❽ ➁ ❸ ❻ ❽ ❺ ➈ ❸ ❻ ➆
➃ ❼ ❸ ❽ ❿ ❼ ➉ ➈ ❿ ❿ ❼ ➁ ❼ ❻ ❿ ➃ ➀ ❺ ❸ ➁ ➂ ❻ ➃ ❼ ❻ ❸ ❹ ❻ ➆ ➆ ❺ ❼ ❹ ➁ ➃ ❺ ❼ ❸ ➃ ❼ ➁ ❺ ➁ ❽ ➀ ❼
➫
➀ ➌➁ ❺ ➃ ❻ ➆ ➙ ❼ ➁ ❼ ❻ ❿ ➃ ➀
➭
❻ ➊ ➈ ❿ ❻ ❽ ➈ ❿ ➌ ➜
➫
➙
➭
➝ ❻ ❽ ➋➀ ➒ ❼ ❹ ❻ ➊ ❻ ❹ ➑
❲ ✘ ☛ ✓ ✌ ✐ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✓ ✓ ✕
❣
❣
➯
❥
♠❦ ❧
♣
➣
r s
❚
✘ ✌ ❞ ✘ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✒ ✟ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕ ☛ ✡
➲❇ ➳ ❇
➵
➸ ❇
➺
➻➻
➼
➽
➽
➽
➽
➽
➾ ➚
➾
➪➶
➾
➚➪➶
➹
➹
➘
➴
➷
➷
➬
➮
➱➱
✃❐ ❒❐ ❮ ❰ ❮
Ï
❐ ❒❮ Ð ❰ ÑÒ ❒ ❒Ï ❐ ❰ Ó
Ï
Ô
Õ
×Ö
×××
ÖÖØ
Ù
Ú Û Ü
Ý
❚
✘ ✌ t ☛ ✠ ✌ ✒ ☛ ❞ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕ ☛ ✡ ✍ ✌ ☞
✲
❞ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✒ ✜ ☛ ✜ ☛ ❞ ✡
➲❇ ♦ ✠ ✏ ✜ ✌ ✓ ✕ ♦ ➲ ❑ ➳ ❑
➵
Þ
❑
➺
➳
Þ ß ✪ ✬ ß à ✬ ❩
á
â ✪
❚
✘ ✌ ❞ ✘ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✟ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✒ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕ ☛ ✡ ✒
✱
☛ ❞ ✌ ✒ ✘ ✌
❞ ✘ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✒ ✟ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✕ ♦ ✠ ✏ ✜ ✌ ✓ ✕
➲
ã
➳
ã
➵
Þ ã
➺
➳
Þ ä ✪ ❅ å à ✬ ❩
á
â æ
ç è é é ê ë ì í î ï î ð ì ñ ï ò ó ï ñ ô õ ì ö ï ò
í ï î ë ö ö ð î ë í
❨
✠ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✒ ☛ ✠ ✎ ✔ ✘ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✜ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✏ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✐ ☛ ✠
✱
✌
✏ ✍ ✍ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✌ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✑ ✏ ✓
✲
✌ ✟ ✐ ✙
❬
÷
ø ù ✛ ✡
✲
❞ ✘ ✒ ✘ ✏ ✒ ú ☛ ✠
✯ ❪ ✪
✙
✩ ✪ ß
û ✛ ✖ ✌ ❞ ✟ ✜ ✌ ✡ ✌
❪ ✲
✏ ✓ ✒ ✟
❅ ✫
✘ ✟
✲
✍ ✡
✪ ❢
✐ ✒ ✘ ✌
❞ ☛ ✍ ❞
✲
✓ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✖ ☛ ✒ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✌
❪ ✲
✏ ✒ ✟ ✍ ☛ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✠ ✌ ✟ ✐ ✒ ✘ ✌
✌ ✏ ✍ ✒ ✘ ♦ ✡
✲
❞ ✘ ✏ ✡ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✓ ✓ ☛ ✒ ✌ ♦ ✘ ✏ ✑ ☛ ✠ ✎ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✜ ✌ ✔ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✟ ☞
✏ ✡ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✔ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✟ ☞ ✟ ✐ ✍ ✟ ✒ ✏ ✒ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✐ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✒ ✘ ✏ ✖ ✟
✲
✒ ☛ ✒ ✡
✟
✱
✠ ✏ ❋ ☛ ✡
✱
✟
✲
✓ ☞ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✒ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✕ ✑ ☛ ✌
✱
✌ ☞ ✐ ✍ ✟ ✜
✏ ✔ ✟ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✒ ✘
✪ ❚
✘ ✌ ✙
❬
E
ø ù ✛ ✐ ✟ ✍ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✡ ✔
✲
✍ ✔ ✟ ✡ ✌
✱
✟ ✍ t ✡ ✟
✲
✒ ✒ ✟ ✖ ✌ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✡ ❞ ✟ ✜ ✔ ✏ ✍ ✌ ☞ ✒ ✟
❬
E
ü
ý þ ÿ
✷
✷
✹
❊
❊
❚   ▼
❘ ✁
☎
✌ ✂
✰ ✄
✎ ✆
✑ ✝
✙
✩ ✪ ✫ ß
✛
✏ ✠ ☞ ✐ ✟ ✍ ú
✥ ❅ ✫
✘ ✟
✲
✍ ✡ ♦ ù
✱
✟ ✍ t ✡ ✟
✲
✒ ✒ ✟ ✖ ✌
ß å ✩ ❩ ❩
t ✜
✪
✱
✘ ☛ ❞ ✘ ☛ ✡ ✜
✲
❞ ✘ ✓ ✏ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✘ ✏ ✠
❬
÷
✪
■ ✏ ✒ ✌ ✓ ✓ ☛ ✒ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✏
❞ ☛ ✍ ❞
✲
✓ ✏ ✍ ✟ ✍ ✖ ☛ ✒ ✡ ✏ ✍ ✟
✲
✠ ☞ ✒ ✘ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✍ ✒ ✘ ☛ ✠ ✒ ✘ ✌
●   ✁ ❱ ✂ ✄ ✁ ✄ ✂ ❆ ☎ ✶ ✆ ✝
❡ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✠ ✏ ❡ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✒ ❚ ✥ ✓ ✔ ✒ ☛ ✟ ☞ ✕ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✖ ✠ ✍ ✍ ❡ ✗
✘ ❡ ☛ ✕ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏ ❡ ☞ ✙ ✚ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✕ ✛ ✜✍ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✍ ✙ ✢ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✖ ❡ ✡ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒
☞ ☛ ✡ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✠ ♦ ❡ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✗ ✢ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✑ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✗
✠ ✎ ✎ ❡ ✠ ☞ ❛ ✌ ✣ ❡ ✗ ❛ ☞ ☛ ♦ ✠ ✏ ✙ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✡ ☛ ✏ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✛ ✤ ✡ ✡ ✠ ✦ ❡ ✕
✈ ❡ ☞ ✙ ✎ ☛ ✑ ❡ ☞ ❛ ✟ ✍ ☞ ☛ ✖ ✦ ❡ ✡ ✕ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✒ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✟ ✎ ✠ ✕ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✡ ☛
✕ ✟ ✖ ✒ ✍ ✠ ☞ s ❡ ✒ ❡ ✌ s ✒ ✡ ✕ ✠ ✧ ☛ ✈ ❡ ✡ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✧ ✟ ✡ ✡ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✒ ✠ ✕
✧ ❡ ❡ ✏ ✗ ☛ ✏ ❡ ✌ ✏ ✈ ✌ ❡ ✑ ☛ ❛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✕ ❡ ✈ ❡ ☞ ✠ ✍ ✧ ❡ ✏ ❡ ❛ ✌ ✡ ✕ ☛ ❛ ♦ ✠ ✏ ✙
✎ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✌ ✖ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✎ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✠ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✕ ✛
✤ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✦ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ❡ ✖ ✡ ☞ ☛ ♦ ✠ s ✏ ❡ ✡ ✌ ✖ ✑ ✠ ✈ ❡ ✕ ✠ ✧ ☛ ✈ ❡
✠ ✖ ❡ ☞ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✏ ❛ ☞ ❡ ✞ ✟ ❡ ✏ ✖ ✙ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✏ ☛ ✡ ☞ ❡ ❛ ✍ ❡ ✖ ✡ ❡ ✗ ❛ ☞ ☛ ♦
✌ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✎ ✒ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✛ ✐ ✠ ✗ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✈ ❡ ✕ ✟ ✕ ❡ ✗ ❛ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✠ ✗ ✌ ☛
✧ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✗ ✖ ✠ ✕ ✡ ✑ ✒ ✌ ✖ ✒ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ❡ ❛ ☞ ❡ ✞ ✟ ❡ ✏ ✖ ✙ ☞ ✠ ✏ s ❡ ✓
▼ ★ ✩ ✡ ☛ ✪ ✫ ▼ ★ ✩ ✢ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✧ ❡ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✖ ✠ ✍ ❛ ☞ ❡ ✞ ✟ ❡ ✏ ✖ ✙ ✛
✬ ✒ ❡ ✙ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✡ ✒ ❡ ☞ ❡ ❛ ☛ ☞ ❡ ☞ ❡ ❛ ✍ ❡ ✖ ✡ ❡ ✗ ✧ ✙ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✌ ☛ ✏ ☛ ✕ ✎ ✒ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✛
✬ ✒ ✟ ✕ ☞ ✠ ✗ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✈ ❡ ✕ ✧ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✗ ✖ ✠ ✕ ✡ ❛ ☞ ☛ ♦ ✠ ✏ ✠ ✏ ✡ ❡ ✏ ✏ ✠
✖ ✠ ✏ ✧ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✖ ❡ ✌ ✈ ❡ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✕ ❛ ✠ ☞ ✠ ✑ ✠ ✙ ✑ ✒ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✡ ✒ ❡
✗ ✌ ☞ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✑ ✠ ✈ ❡ ❛ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✡ ☛ ☞ ❡ ✠ ✖ ✒ ☛ ✏ ✠ ✖ ✖ ☛ ✟ ✏ ✡ ☛ ❛ ✡ ✒ ❡
✖ ✟ ☞ ✈ ✠ ✡ ✟ ☞ ❡ ☛ ❛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✛
❝
✠ ✈ ❡ ✕ ✟ ✕ ❡ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✡ ❡ ✍ ❡ ✈ ✌ ✕ ✌ ☛ ✏
✧ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✗ ✖ ✠ ✕ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ☞ ❛ ☛ ☞ ♦ ✕ ☛ ❛ ✖ ☛ ♦ ♦ ✟ ✏ ✌ ✖ ✠ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✒ ✠ ✈ ❡
♦ ✟ ✖ ✒ ✒ ✌ s ✒ ❡ ☞ ❛ ☞ ❡ ✞ ✟ ❡ ✏ ✖ ✌ ❡ ✕ ✠ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✒ ✟ ✕ ✖ ✠ ✏ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✧ ❡
☞ ❡ ✖ ❡ ✌ ✈ ❡ ✗ ✧ ❡ ✙ ☛ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✍ ✌ ✏ ❡ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✌ s ✒ ✡ ✛
✭
✘ ❡ ☛ ✕ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏ ❡ ☞ ✙ ✕ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✢ ✠ ✎ ✎ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✏ s ❛ ✌ ✣ ❡ ✗ ✠ ✧ ☛ ✈ ❡ ✡ ✒ ❡
✧ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✗ ✖ ✠ ✕ ✡ ✌ ✏ s ✕ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✖ ✠ ✏ ✒ ☛ ✑ ❡ ✈ ❡ ☞ ☞ ❡ ✖ ❡ ✌ ✈ ❡ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✕ ❡
✕ ✌ s ✏ ✠ ✍ ✕ ✠ ✏ ✗ ✧ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✗ ✖ ✠ ✕ ✡ ✡ ✒ ❡ ♦ ✧ ✠ ✖ ✦ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✗ ❡ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✠
☛ ✏ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✛ ✬ ✒ ❡ ✤
✮
✚
✭
✬ s ☞ ☛ ✟ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✕ ✕ ❡ ✏ ✡ ✟ ✎
✧ ✙ ✤ ✏ ✗ ✌ ✠ ✠ ☞ ❡ ☛ ✏ ❡ ✕ ✟ ✖ ✒ s ☞ ☛ ✟ ✎ ☛ ❛ ✘ ❡ ☛ ✕ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✠ ☞ ✙
✕ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✗ ❡ ✍ ✙ ✟ ✕ ❡ ✗ ❛ ☛ ☞ ✡ ❡ ✍ ❡ ✖ ☛ ♦ ♦ ✟ ✏ ✌ ✖ ✠ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✏
✤ ✏ ✗ ✌ ✠ ✛
✭
✏ ☛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ☞ ✖ ✍ ✠ ✕ ✕ ☛ ❛ ✕ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✕ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✖ ✠ ✍ ✍ ❡ ✗ ✡ ✒ ❡
✯
☛ ✍ ✠ ☞
✕ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✕ ✰ ✱ ✌ s ✛ ✲ ✛ ✪ ✪ ✳ ✛ ✬ ✒ ❡ ✕ ❡ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✍ ☛ ✑ ✠ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✟ ✗ ❡ ✰ ❤ ✴
✺
✫ ✫ ✡ ☛ ✲ ✫ ✫ ✦ ♦ ✳ ✕ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✕ ✢ ✧ ✟ ✡ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✙ s ☛ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✏ ✗
✡ ✒ ❡ ✎ ☛ ✍ ❡ ✕ ☛ ❛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✒
t
✕ ☛ ✟ ✡ ✒ ✗ ✌ ☞ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏
✑ ✒ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✠ ✕ ✡ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ☞ ☛ ✡ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✕ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✏ ✗ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✠ ✣ ✌ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✏
❡ ✠ ✕ ✡
t
✑ ❡ ✕ ✡ ✗ ✌ ☞ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✛ ✚ ✌ ✏ ✖ ❡ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✡ ✌ ♦ ❡ ✎ ❡ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✗ ✌ ✕
✠ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✏ ✗ ✪ ✫ ✫ ♦ ✌ ✏ ✟ ✡ ❡ ✕ ✌ ✡ ✖ ☞ ☛ ✕ ✕ ❡ ✕ ✠ ✏ ✙ ✠ ✍ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✟ ✗ ❡ ♦ ✠ ✏ ✙
✡ ✌ ♦ ❡ ✕ ✠ ✗ ✠ ✙ ✛ ★ ☛ ✑ ❡ ✈ ❡ ☞ ✢ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✖ ❡ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✒ ❡ ✌ s ✒ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✧ ☛ ✈ ❡
✡ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✠ ✧ ☛ ✟ ✡
✺
✫ ✫
t
✲ ✫ ✫ ✦ ♦ ✢ ✠ ✖ ✠ ♦ ❡ ☞ ✠ ❛ ✌ ✣ ❡ ✗
☛ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✖ ✠ ✏ ✈ ✌ ❡ ✑ ☛ ✏ ✍ ✙ ✕ ♦ ✠ ✍ ✍ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✕ ☛ ❛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✌ ✏
☛ ✏ ❡ ☛ ☞ ✧ ✌ ✡ ✛
✭
✗ ✵ ✠ ✖ ❡ ✏ ✡ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✈ ✌ ❡ ✑ ❡ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✏ ❡ ✣ ✡
☛ ☞ ✧ ✌ ✡ ✢ ✕ ☛ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✏ ❡ ❛ ❛ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✑ ✒ ☛ ✍ ❡ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✠ ✏ ✧ ❡
✈ ✌ ❡ ✑ ❡ ✗ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✧ ✙ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✗ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✏ s ✡ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✏ ✡ ✌ ☞ ❡ ✗ ✠ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✒ ❡ ✕ ❡
✕ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✕ ✖ ✠ ✏ ✈ ✌ ❡ ✑ ✎ ☛ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✠ ✏ ✗ ❡ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✍ ☞ ❡ s ✌ ☛ ✏ ✕
✠ ✡ ✖ ✍ ☛ ✕ ❡ ✗ ✌ ✕ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✖ ❡ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✒ s ☛ ☛ ✗ ☞ ❡ ✕ ☛ ✍ ✟ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✛
✤ ✏ ❛ ☛ ☞ ♦ ✠ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏ s ✠ ✡ ✒ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✗ ❛ ☞ ☛ ♦ ✕ ✟ ✖ ✒ ✕ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✕
✌ ✕ ❡ ✣ ✡ ☞ ❡ ♦ ❡ ✍ ✙ ✟ ✕ ❡ ❛ ✟ ✍ ❛ ☛ ☞ ☞ ❡ ♦ ☛ ✡ ❡ ✕ ❡ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✏ s ✢
♦ ❡ ✡ ❡ ☞ ☛ ✍ ☛ s ✙ ✠ ✕ ✑ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✠ ✕ ❛ ☛ ☞ ❡ ✏ ✈ ✌ ☞ ☛ ✏ ♦ ❡ ✏ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✕ ✡ ✟ ✗ ✌ ❡ ✕
☛ ❛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✛
✽ ✷ ✸ ✹ ❲ ✻ ✼ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁ ✻ ❂ ❂ ❃✻ ❂ ❂
❝
❡ ✌ s ✒ ✡ ☛ ❛ ✠ ✏ ☛ ✧ ✵ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✡ ✒ ❡ ❛ ☛ ☞ ✖ ❡ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✌ ✖ ✒ ✡ ✒ ❡
❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✡ ✡ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✕ ✌ ✡ ✛
❝
❡ ✠ ☞ ❡ ✖ ☛ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✌ ☛ ✟ ✕ ☛ ❛ ☛ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✑ ✏
✑ ❡ ✌ s ✒ ✡ ✑ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✑ ❡ ✕ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✗ ☛ ✏ ✠ ✕ ✟ ☞ ❛ ✠ ✖ ❡ ✢ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✖ ❡ ✡ ✒ ❡
✕ ✟ ☞ ❛ ✠ ✖ ❡ ❡ ✣ ❡ ☞ ✡ ✕ ✠ ❛ ☛ ☞ ✖ ❡ ☛ ✎ ✎ ☛ ✕ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✡ ☛ ☛ ✟ ☞ ✑ ❡ ✌ s ✒ ✡ ✡ ☛
✦ ❡ ❡ ✎ ✟ ✕ ✠ ✡ ☞ ❡ ✕ ✡ ✛ ✬ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✠ ♦ ❡ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✌ ✎ ✍ ❡ ✒ ☛ ✍ ✗ ✕ s ☛ ☛ ✗
✑ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✑ ❡ ♦ ❡ ✠ ✕ ✟ ☞ ❡ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✑ ❡ ✌ s ✒ ✡ ☛ ❛ ✠ ✏ ☛ ✧ ✵ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✧ ✙ ✠
✕ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✏ s ✧ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✖ ❡ ✒ ✟ ✏ s ❛ ☞ ☛ ♦ ✠ ❛ ✌ ✣ ❡ ✗ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✡ ❡ ✛ s ✛ ✡ ✒ ❡
✖ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✏ s ✛ ✬ ✒ ❡ ☛ ✧ ✵ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✑ ☛ ✟ ✍ ✗ ❛ ✠ ✍ ✍ ✗ ☛ ✑ ✏ ✟ ✏ ✍ ❡ ✕ ✕ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✕
✕ ✟ ✧ ✵ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✡ ☛ ✠ ❛ ☛ ☞ ✖ ❡ ☛ ✎ ✎ ☛ ✕ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✡ ☛ s ☞ ✠ ✈ ✌ ✡ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✌ ✕
❡ ✣ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✍ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✠ ✡ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✏ s ❡ ✣ ❡ ☞ ✡ ✕ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✒ ❡ ☛ ✧ ✵ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✛ ✬ ✒ ✌ ✕
✌ ✕ ✧ ❡ ✖ ✠ ✟ ✕ ❡ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✏ s ✌ ✕ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✍ ❡ ✗ ✗ ☛ ✑ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✌ ✡ ✡ ✍ ❡ ✧ ✙
✡ ✒ ❡ s ☞ ✠ ✈ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✍ ✍ ☛ ❛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ☛ ✧ ✵ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✟ ☞ ✏
✡ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✏ s ❡ ✣ ❡ ☞ ✡ ✕ ✠ ❛ ☛ ☞ ✖ ❡ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✒ ❡ ☛ ✧ ✵ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✈ ❡ ☞ ✡ ✌ ✖ ✠ ✍ ✍ ✙
✟ ✎ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✗ ✕ ✛
✮
☛ ✑ ✢ ✌ ♦ ✠ s ✌ ✏ ❡ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✡ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✡ ☛ ✎ ❡ ✏ ✗ ☛ ❛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✧ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✖ ❡
✌ ✕ ✏ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✏ s ❡ ☞ ✒ ❡ ✍ ✗ ❛ ✌ ✣ ❡ ✗ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✖ ❡ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✏ s ☛ ❛ ✡ ✒ ❡
☞ ☛ ☛ ♦ ✛ ❄ ☛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✗ ✕ ☛ ❛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✏ s ✠ ✕ ✑ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✠ ✕ ✡ ✒ ❡
☛ ✧ ✵ ❡ ✖ ✡ ♦ ☛ ✈ ❡ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✌ ✗ ❡ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✖ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✖ ✖ ❡ ✍ ❡ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏
❣
✛ ✬ ✒ ❡
✕ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✏ s ✌ ✕ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✕ ✡ ☞ ❡ ✡ ✖ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✠ ✏ ✗ ✗ ☛ ❡ ✕ ✏ ☛ ✡ ❡ ✣ ❡ ☞ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✙
✟ ✎ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✗ ❛ ☛ ☞ ✖ ❡ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✒ ❡ ☛ ✧ ✵ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✑ ✒ ✌ ✖ ✒ ✌ ✕ ♦ ☛ ✈ ✌ ✏ s ✗ ☛ ✑ ✏
✑ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✠ ✖ ✖ ❡ ✍ ❡ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏
❣
✗ ✟ ❡ ✡ ☛ s ☞ ✠ ✈ ✌ ✡ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✒ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✠ ✗ ✌ ✏ s
☞ ❡ ✖ ☛ ☞ ✗ ❡ ✗ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✏ s ✧ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✖ ❡ ✌ ✕ ✩ ❡ ☞ ☛ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✖ ❡ ✡ ✒ ❡
✕ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✏ s ✌ ✕ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✕ ✡ ☞ ❡ ✡ ✖ ✒ ❡ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✍ ✛ ✤ ❛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ☛ ✧ ✵ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✑ ❡ ☞ ❡
✠ ✒ ✟ ♦ ✠ ✏ ✧ ❡ ✌ ✏ s ✢ ✒ ❡ ☛ ☞ ✕ ✒ ❡ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✍ ✏ ☛ ✡ ❛ ❡ ❡ ✍ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✑ ❡ ✌ s ✒ ✡
✕ ✌ ✏ ✖ ❡ ✡ ✒ ❡ ☞ ❡ ✌ ✕ ✏ ☛ ✟ ✎ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✗ ❛ ☛ ☞ ✖ ❡ ☛ ✏ ✒ ✌ ♦ ✛ ✬ ✒ ✟ ✕ ✢
✑ ✒ ❡ ✏ ✠ ✏ ☛ ✧ ✵ ❡ ✖ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✌ ✏ ❛ ☞ ❡ ❡ ❛ ✠ ✍ ✍ ✢ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✑ ❡ ✌ s ✒ ✡ ✍ ❡ ✕ ✕
✠ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✎ ✒ ❡ ✏ ☛ ♦ ❡ ✏ ☛ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✟ ✕ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✍ ✙ ✖ ✠ ✍ ✍ ❡ ✗ ✡ ✒ ❡
✎ ✒ ❡ ✏ ☛ ♦ ❡ ✏ ☛ ✏ ☛ ❛ ✑ ❡ ✌ s ✒ ✡ ✍ ❡ ✕ ✕ ✏ ❡ ✕ ✕ ✛
✤ ✏ ✠ ✕ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✠ ☞ ☛ ✟ ✏ ✗ ✡ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✢ ❡ ✈ ❡ ☞ ✙ ✎ ✠ ☞ ✡
✠ ✏ ✗ ✎ ✠ ☞ ✖ ❡ ✍ ☛ ❛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✕ ✠ ✡ ❡ ✍ ✍ ✌ ✡ ❡ ✒ ✠ ✕ ✠ ✏ ✠ ✖ ✖ ❡ ✍ ❡ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✌ ☛ ✏
✡ ☛ ✑ ✠ ☞ ✗ ✕ ✡ ✒ ❡ ✖ ❡ ✏ ✡ ❡ ☞ ☛ ❛ ✡ ✒ ❡ ❡ ✠ ☞ ✡ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✌ ✖ ✒ ✌ ✕ ❡ ✣ ✠ ✖ ✡ ✍ ✙
❋ ❅ ❇ ❈ ❉❈❊❊ ❍ ■ ❏❑ ▲ ◆ ❖▲ P◗❑ ❑ ❘ P◗ ❙ ❍ ❖P◆ ❘ ❯ ❏❳ ◗▲ ◆ P❨ ❩ ❖ ❖❬ ◆ ❢ ▲ ❭ ◗
❪ ❖❨ ❏❫❳ ❖❨ ▲ ❴ ◗❴ ❵ ❘ ❖ ❜❘ ❖ ❘ ❞ ❑ ◗ ❢ ◆ ❏ ❥ P❨ ◗ ❖▲ P◗❑ ❑ ❘ P◗
❴ ❬ ◆ ❘ ❳
❦
❏❳ ◗ ❭
❧
❭ ❑ ◗ ❙
♠
❏◆ P❨ ◗ ❳ ◗
♥
P ◆ ◗ ❜ ❏❑ ❬ P ❘ ❏❳ ❏ ❢
P❨ ◗ ❖▲ P◗❑ ❑ ❘ P◗♣ P❨ ◗ ◗▲ ◆ P❨ ❨ ▲ ❖ ◆ ❏P▲ P◗❴ ▲ ❑ ❘ PP❑ ◗
❏❳ ❘ P❖ ▲
♥
❘ ❖ ❖ ❏ P ❨ ▲ P ▲ ❳ ▲ ❴ q ▲ ❭ ◗❳ P ❖P◆ ❘ ❯ ❞ ◗ ❭ ❏ ❥ ◗❖
❜❘ ❖ ❘ ❞ ❑ ◗ ❙
✶   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❙ ✞ ✟ ✟ ✠ ✡ ❨
☛ ☞ ◆ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✙ ✌ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✘ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✌ ✓ ✎ ✜ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✛ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✘ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✢ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✚ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑
❜
✌ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✌ ✑ ✕ ✑
✣
✎ ✍ ✏
✤
✕ ✚ ✎ ✘ ✢ ✔ ✌ ✓ ✏ ✖
✥
✕ ✓ ✓ ✌ ✓
♠
✦
✕ ✑
❛ ♠
✷
✓ ✌
✤
✕ ✚ ✕ ✎ ✌
❛ ❜ ✣
✕
❛
✘ ✓ ✎ ✕ ✑ ✢ ✌
r
✜ ✕ ✓ ✎ ✜ ✌
✥
✕ ✛✑ ✘ ✎ ✗
❛
✌
❋ ✧
★ ★
✩
✪
❂
✫ ✬
✍ ✜ ✌ ✚ ✌ ● ✘ ✓ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✗✑ ✘ ✙ ✌ ✚ ✓ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✘ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✢ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✐ ✍ ✜ ✘ ✢ ✜ ✜ ✕ ✓ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✗✌ ✭ ☞ ✭ ✮ ✯ × ☛ ✰
➊ ✱ ✱
◆
✥
✲
✳ ✛
➊ ✲
☞
✯ ☞
■
✖ ✍ ✌ ✜ ✕ ✙ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✘ ✑
❛
✎ ✜ ✌ ✚ ✌ ✓ ✗✔ ✎ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✛ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✘ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✘ ✑ ✛ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✜ ✌
✤
✕ ✚ ✎ ✘ ✢ ✔ ✌
✥ ❛
✗ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✕
✑ ✗
✥ ❜
✌ ✚ ✏ ✖
✥
✕ ✓ ✓ ✌ ✓
▼
✦
✐
▼
✷
✐
✴
☞
▼
♥
✌ ✎ ✢ ☞ ✍ ✌ ✗ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✜ ✌
✤
✚ ✘ ✑ ✢ ✘
✤
✔ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✓ ✗
✤
✌ ✚
✤
✏ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑ ☞
❡
✌ ✎
✵
✦
✐
✵
✷
✐
✴
☞
✵
♥
❜
✌ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✘ ✑
❛
✘ ✙ ✘
❛
✗✕ ✔ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✢ ✌ ✓
❛
✗ ✌ ✎ ✏
▼
✦
✐
▼
✷
✐
✴
☞
▼
♥
✸
✌ ✕ ✢ ✜ ✛ ✘ ✙ ✌ ✑
❜ ✣
✎ ✜ ✌ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✏ ✖ ✛✚ ✕ ✙ ✘ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑ ☞ ❣ ✚ ✏
✥
✎ ✜ ✌
✤
✚ ✘ ✑ ✢ ✘
✤
✔ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✓ ✗
✤
✌ ✚
✤
✏ ✓ ✘ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✕ ✢ ✜ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✓ ✘ ✑
❛
✌
✤
✌ ✑
❛
✌ ✑ ✎ ✔
✣
✕ ✑
❛
✗ ✑ ✘ ✑ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✢ ✌
❛ ❜ ✣
✎ ✜ ✌
✏ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✚
❜
✏
❛
✘ ✌ ✓ ☞
♦
✜ ✌ ✚ ✌ ✓ ✗✔ ✎ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✢ ✌
✵
❘
✘ ✓ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✑ ✖ ✏ ✗ ✑
❛ ❜ ✣
✙ ✌ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✕
❛ ❛
✘ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑
✵
❘
✹ ✵
✦
✺ ✵
✷
✺ ✴ ✴ ✺ ✵
♥
✹
Fi
i
n
✻
✼
1
✍ ✜ ✌ ✚ ✌ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✓
✣✥ ❜
✏ ✔ ✽ ✾ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✕ ✑
❛
✓ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✗
✥ ✥
✕ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑ ☞
✿
☞
❑
✌
✤
✔ ✌ ✚ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✍ ✓ ✏ ✖
✤
✔ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✚
✣ ✥
✏ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✌ ✎ ✜ ✕ ✎
❀ ✕ ❁ ❆✔ ✔
✤
✔ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✓
✥
✏ ✙ ✌ ✘ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✘
✤
✎ ✘ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✚
❜
✘ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✘ ✎ ✜ ✎ ✜ ✌ ❃ ✗ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✢ ✕ ✔
✤
✏ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✓
❀
❜
❁
♦
✜ ✌ ✚ ✕
❛
✘ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✌ ✢ ✎ ✏ ✚
❛
✚ ✕ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✚ ✏
✥
✎ ✜ ✌ ✓ ✗ ✑ ✎ ✏ ✕
✤
✔ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✍ ✌ ✌
✤
✓ ✏ ✗✎ ✌
❚
✗ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✚ ✌ ✕ ✓ ✘ ✑ ✌
❚
✗✕ ✔
✎ ✘
✥
✌ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✌ ✚ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✓ ☞
♦
✜ ✘ ✓ ✖ ✏ ✔ ✔ ✏ ✍ ✓ ✖ ✚ ✏
✥
✎ ✜ ✌ ✖ ✕ ✢ ✎ ✎ ✜ ✕ ✎ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✢ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✛ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✘ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✜ ✌
✤
✔ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✘ ✓
✢ ✌ ✑ ✎ ✚ ✕ ✔ ✕ ✑
❛
✜ ✌ ✑ ✢ ✌ ✕ ✑ ✛✗✔ ✕ ✚
✥
✏
✥
✌ ✑ ✎ ✗
✥
✘ ✓ ✢ ✏ ✑ ✓ ✌ ✚ ✙ ✌
❛
☞
❀ ✢ ❁
♦
✜ ✌ ✓
❚
✗ ✕ ✚ ✌ ✏ ✖ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✏ ✚
❜
✘ ✎ ✕ ✔
✤
✌ ✚ ✘ ✏
❛
✏ ✖ ✕
✤
✔ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✘ ✓
✤
✚ ✏
✤
✏ ✚ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✢ ✗
❜
✌ ✏ ✖ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✓ ✌
✥
✘
❄
✥
✕
❅
✏ ✚ ✕
❇
✘ ✓ ✏ ✖ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✘
✤
✎ ✘ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✚
❜
✘ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✎ ✜ ✌
✤
✔ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✎
♦
✜ ✌
✤
✌ ✚ ✘ ✏
❛
❈ ✕ ✑
❛
✚ ✕
❛
✘ ✗ ✓ ❉ ✏ ✖ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✢ ✘ ✚ ✢ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✚ ✏ ✚
❜
✘ ✎ ✏ ✖ ✕
✤
✔ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✕
❜
✏ ✗✎ ✎ ✜ ✌ ❃ ✗ ✑ ✕ ✚ ✌ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✌
❛
❜ ✣
❊
❍
❍
❏
▲
❖◗
❯
s
❱
❱
❲
❳
❩
❩
❬
❭
❪
❫
✍ ✜ ✌ ✚ ✌
▼
❴
✘ ✓ ✎ ✜ ✌
✥
✕ ✓ ✓ ✏ ✖ ✎ ✜ ✌ ❃ ✗ ✑ ☞ ❵ ✏ ✓ ✎
✤
✔ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✜ ✕ ✙ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✕ ✚ ✔
✣
✢ ✘ ✚ ✢ ✗✔ ✕ ✚ ✏ ✚
❜
✘ ✎ ✓ ✕
❜
✏ ✗✎ ✎ ✜ ✌
❃ ✗ ✑ ☞ ❣ ✏ ✚ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✘
✤
✎ ✘ ✢ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✚
❜
✘ ✎ ✓ ✐ ✎ ✜ ✌ ✕
❜
✏ ✙ ✌ ✌
❚
✗✕ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✘ ✓ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✘
❛
✘ ✖ ❉ ✘ ✓ ✚ ✌
✤
✔ ✕ ✢ ✌
❛ ❜ ✣
✎ ✜ ✌ ✓ ✌
✥
✘
❄ ✥
✕
❅
✏ ✚
✕
❇
✘ ✓ ✐
❝
☞
❞ ☞
♦
✜ ✌ ✕ ✢ ✢ ✌ ✔ ✌ ✚ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✏ ✑
❛
✗ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✘ ✎
✣
☞
❀ ✕ ❁ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✜ ✌ ✘ ✛ ✜ ✎ ❤ ✕
❜
✏ ✙ ✌ ✎ ✜ ✌ ❢ ✕ ✚ ✎ ✜ ✒ ✓ ✓ ✗ ✚ ✖ ✕ ✢ ✌
❥
❦
❧
♣ q
t
t
✉ ✈
✇ ①
②
①
③
④
⑤
⑥
⑦
⑧
⑧
⑧
⑨ ⑩ ❶
❷❷
❸ ❹
❺ ❻
❼ ❽
❾ ❿
✖ ✏ ✚ ❤
➀ ➀
❉
➁
➂ ➃ ➂ ➃
❧
➄
♣ q
➅ ➆ ➇ ➈➉ ➋ ➉ ➅
t
t
t
✉ ✈①
✇ ① ✇ ✇
②
②
➌ ➍
③
➎
③
➏ ➐
➑ ➒
➓ ➔ → ➣ ↔ ↕ ➙ → ➛ ➜ → ↔ ➝ ➓ ➔ ➞ ➟ ↔ ➠ ➠ → ↕ → ➝ ↔ ➓ ➡ ➛ ➢ ➤ ➙ → ➓ ➛ ➥ ➝ ↔ ➣ ➡ ➓ ➦
↔ ➓ ➓ ➔ ↔ ➓ ➧ ➛ ➟ ➡ ➓ ➡ ➛ ➢ ➨ ➩ ➔ ➙ ➟ ➡ ➢ ➓ ➔ → ➟ ↔ ➓ → ↕ ↕ ➡ ➓ → → ➣ → ➝ ➦ ➓ ➔ ➡ ➢ ➥
➡ ➢ ➟ ➡ ➤ → ➡ ➓ ➡ ➟ ➡ ➢ ↔ ➟ ➓ ↔ ➓ → ➛ ➜ ➜ ➝ → → ➜ ↔ ↕ ↕ ➨ ➩ ➔ ➡ ➟ ➡ ➟ ➫ ➙ ➟ ➓ ↔ ➟
➡ ➜ ➭ → ➭ → ➝ → ➜ ↔ ↕ ↕ ➡ ➢ ➥ ➓ ➛ ➭ ↔ ➝ ➤ ➟ ➓ ➔ → → ↔ ➝ ➓ ➔ ➜ ➝ ➛ ➯ ↔ ➔ → ➡ ➥ ➔ ➓ ➨
➩ ➔ ➙ ➟ ➲ ➡ ➢ ↔ ➯ ↔ ➢ ➢ → ➤ ➟ ↔ ➓ → ↕ ↕ ➡ ➓ → ➲ ➧ → ➛ ➧ ↕ → ➡ ➢ ➟ ➡ ➤ →
→ ➳ ➧ → ➝ ➡ → ➢ ➠ → ➢ ➛ ➥ ➝ ↔ ➣ ➡ ➓ ➦ ➨ ➵ ➝ ↔ ➣ ➡ ➓ ➦ ➜ ➛ ➝ ➙ ➟ ➤ → ➜ ➡ ➢ → ➟ ➓ ➔ →
➣ → ➝ ➓ ➡ ➠ ↔ ↕ ➤ ➡ ➝ → ➠ ➓ ➡ ➛ ➢ ↔ ➢ ➤ ➓ ➔ ➙ ➟ ➜ ➛ ➝ ➓ ➔ → ➯ ➓ ➔ → ➝ → ↔ ➝ → ➢ ➛
➔ ➛ ➝ ➡ ➸ ➛ ➢ ➓ ↔ ↕ ➛ ➝ ➣ → ➝ ➓ ➡ ➠ ↔ ↕ ➤ ➡ ➝ → ➠ ➓ ➡ ➛ ➢ ➟ ➲ ↔ ↕ ↕ ➤ ➡ ➝ → ➠ ➓ ➡ ➛ ➢ ➟ ↔ ➝ →
➓ ➔ → ➟ ↔ ➯ → ➨ ➺ ➡ ➠ ➓ ➙ ➝ → ➟ ➛ ➜ ↔ ➟ ➓ ➝ ➛ ➢ ↔ ➙ ➓ ➟ ➜ ↕ ➛ ↔ ➓ ➡ ➢ ➥ ➡ ➢ ↔
➟ ↔ ➓ → ↕ ↕ ➡ ➓ → ➝ → ➜ ↕ → ➠ ➓ ➟ ➔ ➛ ➭ ➓ ➔ ➡ ➟ ➜ ↔ ➠ ➓ ➨
●   ✁ ❱ ✂ ✄ ✁ ✄ ✂ ❆ ☎ ✶ ✆ ✆
✭ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✌ ❞ ✝ ☛ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✓ ✔✑ ❢ ✟ ✕ ☛ ✖ ✓
✗ ✮ ✗ ✮
✷
✘ ✵ ✘
❊
❊ ❊
❊
✙ ✚
✛ ✛
❣
✛
❣
❘ ❘
❘
✜ ✢ ✜ ✢
❂ ✣ ❂ ✣
✤ ✦ ✤ ✦
✧ ★ ✧ ★
✺ ✩ ❚ ✌ ☛ ✪ ✑ ✟ ✫ ✖ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✬ ✟ ✥ ❢ ✍ ✑ ✕ ☛ ✖ ✓ ✟ ✕ ✍ ✬ ✓ ☛ ✑ ✫ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✫ ☛ ❢ ✍ ✑ ✕ ☛ ✯ ✟ ✬ ✡ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ❢ ✍ ✑ ☛ ✟ ☞ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✬ ✠ ✖ ✟ ✥ ☛ ✬ ☛ ✑ ✪ t ❢ ✔✬ ✕ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✬
✕ ✟ ✬ ✝ ☛ ✡ ☛ ❢ ✖ ✬ ☛ ✡ ✩ ❚ ✌ ☛
✰ ✱ ✲ ✳✴ ✸ ✲ ✸✴ ✹✻ ✲ ✼ ✽ ✹ ✸ ✾ ✻ ✸✴ ✲ ✼ ✾✻ ✾✱ ✰ ✿
✟ ✓ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✖ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✎ ✖ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✎ ✍ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✓ ✓ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✡
✝ t ✟ ✡ ✖ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✬ ✕ ☛
✱
✖ ✓ ✪ ✖ ✫ ☛ ✬ ✝ t
r
♠♠ ❀
❁
❃❄
❾ ❅
✎ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ❇ ✖ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✐ ☛ ✬ ✠ ✍ ✝ ☛ ❈ ☛ ✑ ✍ ✟ ✠
✱
❉ ❋ ✩ ❚ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✟ ✥ ☞ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✬ ✠ ✖ ✟ ✥ ☛ ✬ ☛ ✑ ✪t ❢ ✍ ✑ ✟ ✓ t✓ ✠ ☛ ❍ ✍ ❢ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✓
✖ ✓ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✔❍ ✍ ❢ ☛ ✬ ☛ ✑ ✪ ✖ ☛ ✓ ❢ ✍ ✑ ✟ ✥ ✥ ☞ ✟ ✖ ✑ ✓ ✍ ❢ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✓ ✯ ✎ ✖ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✟ ✕ ✌ ☞ ✟ ✖ ✑ ✑ ☛ ☞ ✑ ☛ ✓ ☛ ✬ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✝ t ✟ ✠ ☛ ✑ ❍ ✍ ❢
✠ ✌ ☛ ❢ ✍ ✑ ❍ ✪ ✖ ✫ ☛ ✬ ✝ t ✟ ✝ ✍ ✫ ☛ ☛
■
✔ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✬ ✩ ❚ ✌ ✖ ✓ ☞ ✑ ☛ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✖ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✬ ❢ ✍ ✥ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✓ ❢ ✑ ✍ ❍ ✠ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✑ ✖ ✬ ✕ ✖ ☞ ✥ ☛ ✍ ❢
✓ ✔ ☞ ☛ ✑ ☞ ✍ ✓ ✖ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✬ ✩
❏ ✩ ❑ ❢ ✟ ✬ ✖ ✓ ✍ ✥ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✓ t ✓ ✠ ☛ ❍ ✕ ✍ ✬ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✠ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✟ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✍ ❢ ❍ ✟ ✓ ✓ ▲ ❍ ✍ ✫ ✖ ✬ ✪ ✎ ✖ ✠ ✌ ✟ ✓ ☞ ☛ ☛ ✡
✳
✖ ✬ ✠ ✌ ☛
✫ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✬ ✖ ✠ t ✍ ❢ ✟ ❍ ✟ ✓ ✓ ✖ ✫ ☛ ✝ ✍ ✡ t ✍ ❢ ❍ ✟ ✓ ✓
▼
✯ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✟ ✥ ❍ ☛ ✕ ✌ ✟ ✬ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✥ ☛ ✬ ☛ ✑ ✪t ✍ ❢ ✠ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✖ ✓ ✪✖ ✫ ☛ ✬ ✝ t
◆
❖P ◗
✈ ❖❙
❯
❲
❳
❨❩
❚ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✓ ✯ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✟ ✥ ❍ ☛ ✕ ✌ ✟ ✬ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✥ ☛ ✬ ☛ ✑ ✪t ✖ ✓ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✔ ❍ ✍ ❢ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✐ ✖ ✬ ☛ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✬ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✬ ✠ ✖ ✟ ✥ ☛ ✬ ☛ ✑ ✪ ✖ ☛ ✓ ✩
❚ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✟ ✥ ☛ ✬ ☛ ✑ ✪t ✖ ✓ ✟ ✕ ✍ ✬ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✬ ✠ ✍ ❢ ❍ ✍ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✬ ✩
❬
✩ ❑ ❢ ▲ ❍ ✍ ✫ ☛ ✓ ✖ ✬ ✟ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✕ ✔✥ ✟ ✑ ✍ ✑ ✝ ✖ ✠ ✍ ❢ ✑ ✟ ✡ ✖ ✔ ✓
✲
✟ ✝ ✍ ✔ ✠
▼
✯ ✎ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛
▼ ❭ ❭
▲ ✯ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✟ ✥ ☛ ✬ ☛ ✑ ✪t ✍ ❢ ✠ ✌ ☛
✓ t✓ ✠ ☛ ❍ ✖ ✓
❛
❖P◗
❙
❯
❨ ❩
✎ ✖ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✖ ✕ ☛ ✍ ❢ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✟ ✑ ✝ ✖ ✠ ✑ ✟ ✑ t ✕ ✍ ✬ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✬ ✠ ✖ ✬ ✠ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✬ ✠ ✖ ✟ ✥ ☛ ✬ ☛ ✑ ✪ t ✪ ✖ ✫ ☛ ✬ ✖ ✬ ✠ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✖ ✬ ✠ ✺ ✩ ✯
✟ ✝ ✍ ✫ ☛ ✩ ❚ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✍ ✠ ✟ ✥ ☛ ✬ ☛ ✑ ✪t ✖ ✓ ✬ ☛ ✪ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✫ ☛ ❢ ✍ ✑ ✟ ✬ t ✝ ✍ ✔✬ ✡ ✓ t✓ ✠ ☛ ❍ ✯ ✠ ✌ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✓ ✯ ✍ ✬ ☛ ✖ ✬ ✎ ✌ ✖ ✕ ✌ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✍ ✑ ✝ ✖ ✠
✖ ✓ ✕ ✥ ✍ ✓ ☛ ✡ ✯ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✌ ✟ ✓ ✟ ✬ ☛ ✥ ✥ ✖ ☞ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✥ ✍ ✑ ✝ ✖ ✠ ✩ ❚ ✌ ☛ ✐ ✖ ✬ ☛ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✬ ✡ ☞ ✍ ✠ ☛ ✬ ✠ ✖ ✟ ✥ ☛ ✬ ☛ ✑ ✪ ✖ ☛ ✓ ✟ ✑ ☛
❪
♠
❫
❀
❴
❵
❅
❛
❖P ◗
❜ ❨ ❩
❝ ✩ ❚ ✌ ☛ ☛ ✓ ✕ ✟ ☞ ☛ ✓ ☞ ☛ ☛ ✡ ❢ ✑ ✍ ❍ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✓ ✔ ✑ ❢ ✟ ✕ ☛ ✍ ❢ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✌ ✖ ✓
❡
❡
❤
❥
❦❧
♥
♦
♣
q s
✉
✇ ①
✟ ✬ ✡ ✌ ✟ ✓ ✟ ✫ ✟ ✥ ✔ ☛ ✍ ❢
② ②
✩
③
✐ ❍ ✓
➊ ④
✩
⑤ ✩ ❑ ❢ ✟ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✖ ✓ ✍ ✔ ✠ ✓ ✖ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✔✬ ✖ ❢ ✍ ✑ ❍ ✓ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✥ ✓ ✌ ☛ ✥ ✥ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✍ ✥ ✖ ✡ ✓ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✎ ✖ ✠ ✌ ✟ ✓ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✥ ✥ t
✓ t ❍ ❍ ☛ ✠ ✑ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✬ ✠ ☛ ✑ ✬ ✟ ✥ ❍ ✟ ✓ ✓ ✡ ✖ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✖ ✝ ✔✠ ✖ ✍ ✬ ✯ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✑ ✟ ✕ ✠ ✓ ✠ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✟ ✓ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✔ ✪ ✌ ✠ ✌ ☛
❍ ✟ ✓ ✓ ✍ ❢ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✌ ☛ ✥ ✥ ✎ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✕ ✍ ✬ ✕ ☛ ✬ ✠ ✑ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✬ ✠ ✑ ☛ ✍ ❢ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✩
② ⑥
✩ ❑ ❢ ✟ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✖ ✓ ✖ ✬ ✓ ✖ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✔✬ ✖ ❢ ✍ ✑ ❍ ✓ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✥ ✓ ✌ ☛ ✥ ✥ ✯ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✪ ✑ ✟ ✫ ✖ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✬ ✟ ✥ ❢ ✍ ✑ ✕ ☛ ✍ ✬ ✠ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✖ ✓
❈ ☛ ✑ ✍ ✩ ❑ ❢ ✟ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✖ ✓ ✖ ✬ ✓ ✖ ✡ ☛ ✟ ✌ ✍ ❍ ✍ ✪☛ ✬ ☛ ✍ ✔✓ ✓ ✍ ✥ ✖ ✡ ✓ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✯ ✠ ✌ ☛ ❢ ✍ ✑ ✕ ☛ ✍ ✬ ✠ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✟ ✕ ✠ ✓
✠ ✍ ✎ ✟ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✕ ☛ ✬ ✠ ✑ ☛ ✍ ❢ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ☛ ✩ ❚ ✌ ✖ ✓ ❢ ✍ ✑ ✕ ☛ ✖ ✓ ☛
⑦
☛ ✑ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✝ t ✠ ✌ ☛ ✓ ☞ ✌ ☛ ✑ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✥ ❍ ✟ ✓ ✓ ✖ ✬ ✠ ☛ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✠ ✍
✠ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✖ ✕ ✥ ☛ ✩
② ②
✩ ⑧ ✪ ☛ ✍ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✬ ✟ ✑ t ✭ ✪ ☛ ✍ ✓ t ✬ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✬ ✍ ✔✓ ✕ ✍ ❍ ❍ ✔✬ ✖ ✕ ✟ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✬ ✞ ✓ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✥ ✥ ✖ ✠ ☛ ❍ ✍ ✫ ☛ ✓ ✖ ✬ ✟ ✕ ✖ ✑ ✕ ✔✥ ✟ ✑ ✍ ✑ ✝ ✖ ✠ ✖ ✬
✠ ✌ ☛ ☛
■
✔ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✟ ✥ ☞ ✥ ✟ ✬ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✟ ☞ ☞ ✑ ✍
⑦
✖ ❍ ✟ ✠ ☛ ✡ ✖ ✓ ✠ ✟ ✬ ✕ ☛ ✍ ❢
⑨
✩
③ ③ × ② ⑥
⑩
✐ ❍ ❢ ✑ ✍ ❍ ✠ ✌ ☛ ✏ ✟ ✑ ✠ ✌ ✒ ✓ ✕ ☛ ✬ ✠ ✑ ☛ ✩
✷     P ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄
✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✞ ✝ ✞ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✍
✶ ✎ ■ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✒ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✛ ✜ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✑ ✚ ✤ ✏ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✧ ✔ ✏ ✛ ✧ ✤ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✛ ✜ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✗ ✒ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✑ ✚
✚ ✥ ✖ ✛ ✒ ✧ ✧ ✒
t
✔ ✏ ✘
★
✤ ✜ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✚ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✜ ✗ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✦ ✖ ✕
✩
✭ ✜ ✪ ✫ ✏ ✘✤ ✧ ✜ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✙ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✤ ✙
✭ ✢ ✪ ✬ ✒ ✚ ✜ ✧ ✙ ✖ ✑ ✥ ✜ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✜ ✧ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘ ②
▲
✔ ✏ ✖ ✜ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✙ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✔ ✓
♥ ✮ ✯
✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✦ ✖ ✕
✰ ✎ ✫ ✏ ✘ ✤ ✧ ✜ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✙ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✖ ✗ ✦ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✧ ✖ ✜ ✕ ✓ ✚ ✒ ❆ ✖ ✱ ✧ ✖ ✗ ✲ ✓ ✓ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✧ ✜
t
✎ ✳ ✒
t
✖ ✦ ✖ ✗ ✴ ✔ ✚ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✓ ✱ ✖ ✑ ✔ ✜ ✧
✚ ✒ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✦ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✖ ✓
★
✤✜ ✗ ✖ ✧ ✜
t
✒ ✛ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✎ ■ ✚ ✥ ✒ ✧ ✕ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✏ ② ✑ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✜ ✧ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✎
✸
✎ ■ ✏ ❆ ✖ ✱ ✧ ✖ ✗ ✲ ✓ ✚ ✥ ✔ ✗ ✕ ✧ ✜
t
✭ ✓ ✖ ✖
❞ ★
✎ ✭
✵
✎ ✶ ✪ ✜ ✏ ✕
❚
✹
✺ ✻
❙
❘
✼
✎ ✬ ✥ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✚ ✜ ✏ ✚
✻
❙
✔ ✓ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✜ ✙ ✖ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✜ ✧ ✧
✱ ✧ ✜ ✏ ✖ ✚ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✑ ✤ ✧ ✜ ✗ ✒ ✗ ✢ ✔ ✚ ✓ ✎ ✬ ✥ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✱ ✱ ✧ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✚ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✚ ✖ ✧ ✧ ✔ ✚ ✖ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✢ ✔ ✚ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✚ ✥ ✖
❞
✜ ✗ ✚ ✥ ♣ ✭
❞ ★
✎ ✭
✵
✎
✸ ✵
✪ ✽ ✎
✾ ✎ ✫ ✏ ✜ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✤ ✚ ✖ ✿ ✱ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✓
t
✖ ✔ ✘✥ ✚ ✧ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✏ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✜ ✓ ✱ ✜ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✜ ✚ ✖ ✧ ✧ ✔ ✚ ✖ ✎ ✬ ✥ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✢ ✖ ✑ ✜ ✤✓ ✖ ✚ ✥ ✖
✘✗ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✧ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✓ ✙ ✜ ✧ ✧ ✜ ✚ ✚ ✥ ✜ ✚ ✧ ✒ ✑ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✱ ✜ ✑ ✖ ✎ ■ ✚ ✔ ✓ ✢ ✖ ✑ ✜ ✤✓ ✖ ✢ ✒ ✚ ✥ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✜ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✤✚
✜ ✏ ✕ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✜ ✚ ✖ ✧ ✧ ✔ ✚ ✖ ✜ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✏ ❛ ✛ ✗ ✖ ✖ ✛ ✜ ✧ ✧ ❀ ✚ ✒
t
✜ ✗ ✕ ✓ ✚ ✥ ✖
❞
✜ ✗ ✚ ✥ ✎
❁ ✎ ✬ ✥ ✖ ❣ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇❃ ❇❅ ❈❉ ❃ ❊ ❋ ❈❇●❉ ❇❅ ❃ ❊ ●❉ ● ❂ ❣ ❍ ✜ ✓ ✓ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✜ ✚ ✖ ✕
t
✔ ✚ ✥ ✚
t
✒ ✱ ✜ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✑ ✧ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✖ ✱ ✜ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✖ ✕ ✢ ② ✜ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✜ ✏ ✑ ✖
❂ ✔ ✓ ✘ ✔ ✦ ✖ ✏ ✢ ②
❱
❏ ❑ ❑
r
▼ ◆➊
❖ ◗
❝ ❯ ❲ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❲ ❨
✬ ✥ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✚ ✜ ✏ ✚ ✑ ✜ ✏ ✢ ✖ ✘ ✔ ✦ ✖ ✏ ✜ ✏ ② ✦ ✜ ✧ ✤ ✖ ✎ ✬ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✱ ✧ ✖ ✓ ✚ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✒ ✚ ✜
❬
✖ ✔ ✚ ✚ ✒ ✢ ✖
❭
✖ ✗ ✒ ✎
❪
✔ ✚ ✥
✚ ✥ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✖
❫
❴ ❵ ❵
❜
❡ ❢
❤ ✐
✬ ✥ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✖ ✔ ✙ ✱ ✧ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✚ ✥ ✜ ✚ ❥ ❦ ❧ ✜ ✓ ❂ ❦ ♠ ♦ q ✥ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✧ ✒ ✑ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✒ ✛
❭
✖ ✗ ✒ ✒ ✛ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✘✗ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✧
✖ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘② ✔ ✓ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✜ ✙ ✖ ✜ ✓ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✜ ✗ ✢ ✔ ✚ ✗ ✜ ✗ ② ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✚ ✜ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✏ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✱ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✧ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘ ② ✎
s
✒ ✚ ✖ ✚ ✥ ✜ ✚
✚ ✥ ✖ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✧ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✜ ✧ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✕ ✢ ② ✚ ✥ ✖ ✑ ✥ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✛ ✚ ✥ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✚ ✜ ✏ ✚ ✎
✉ ✎ ✬ ✥ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✚ ✜ ✧ ✙ ✖ ✑ ✥ ✜ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✜ ✧ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘ ② ✒ ✛ ✜ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✑ ✚ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✒ ✛ ✔ ✚ ✓
❬
✔ ✏ ✖ ✚ ✔ ✑ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘ ② ✭
t
✥ ✔ ✑ ✥ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✧
t
✜ ②✓
✱ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✚ ✔ ✦ ✖ ✪ ✜ ✏ ✕ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✱ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✧ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘② ✎
✈
✖ ✧ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✦ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✛ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✚ ② ✭ ✔ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✔ ✛
t
✖ ✱ ✗ ✖ ✓ ✤ ✙ ✖ ✚ ✥ ✜ ✚ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✱ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✧
✖ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘② ✒ ✛ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✒ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✑ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✏ ✛ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✚ ② ✔ ✓
❭
✖ ✗ ✒ ✪ ✴ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✘✗ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✧ ✱ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✧ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘ ② ✒ ✛ ✜ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✑ ✚ ✔ ✓
✏ ✖ ✘✜ ✚ ✔ ✦ ✖ ✎ ✬ ✥ ✖ ✚ ✒ ✚ ✜ ✧ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘② ✒ ✛ ✜ ✓ ✜ ✚ ✖ ✧ ✧ ✔ ✚ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✖ ✘✜ ✚ ✔ ✦ ✖ ✎
✇
✎ ✬ ✥ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✙ ✙ ✒ ✏ ✧ ② ✖ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✤ ✏ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✕ ✖ ✿ ✱ ✗ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✏
①
❣
③
✛ ✒ ✗ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✱ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✧ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘② ✔ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✚ ✤✜ ✧ ✧ ② ✜ ✏
✜ ✱ ✱ ✗ ✒ ✿ ✔ ✙ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✚ ✒ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✕ ✔ ✛ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✘✗ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✧ ✱ ✒ ✚ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✜ ✧ ✖ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘② ✕ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✤✓ ✓ ✖ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✚ ✥ ✖
✱ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✚ ✉ ✴ ✜ ✢ ✒ ✦ ✖ ✎
✵
✎ ✫ ✧ ✚ ✥ ✒ ✤ ✘ ✥ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✘✗ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✧ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✢ ✖ ✚
t
✖ ✖ ✏ ✚
t
✒ ✱ ✜ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✑ ✧ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✜ ✧ ✴ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✢ ✖ ✚
t
✖ ✖ ✏ ✚
t
✒
✛ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✔ ✕ ✢ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✏ ✖ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✓ ✜ ✗ ✔ ✧ ② ✜ ✧ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✧ ✔ ✏ ✖ ✣ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✔ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✛ ✙ ✜ ✓ ✓ ✎ ④ ✒ ✗ ✜
✓ ✱ ✥ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✑ ✜ ✧ ✧ ② ✓ ② ✙ ✙ ✖ ✚ ✗ ✔ ✑ ✢ ✒ ✕ ② ✥ ✒
t
✖ ✦ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✱ ✜ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✑ ✧ ✖ ✖ ✿ ✚ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✜ ✧ ✚ ✒ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✢ ✒ ✕ ② ✔ ✓ ✜ ✓ ✔ ✛
✚ ✥ ✖ ✙ ✜ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✜ ✚ ✖ ✕ ✜ ✚ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✑ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✜ ✏ ✕ ✚ ✥ ✔ ✓ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✖ ✑ ✖ ✏ ✚ ✗ ✜ ✧ ✎
⑤ ✎ ✬ ✥ ✖ ✘ ✗ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✧ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✱ ✜ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✑ ✧ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✜ ✓ ✱ ✥ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✑ ✜ ✧ ✓ ✥ ✖ ✧ ✧ ✔ ✓
❭
✖ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✳ ✒
t
✖ ✦ ✖ ✗ ✴ ✭ ✤ ✏ ✧ ✔
❬
✖ ✜
✙ ✖ ✚ ✜ ✧ ✧ ✔ ✑ ✓ ✥ ✖ ✧ ✧
t
✥ ✔ ✑ ✥ ✓ ✥ ✔ ✖ ✧ ✕ ✓ ✖ ✧ ✖ ✑ ✚ ✗ ✔ ✑ ✜ ✧ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✪ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✓ ✥ ✖ ✧ ✧ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✓ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✓ ✥ ✔ ✖ ✧ ✕ ✒ ✚ ✥ ✖ ✗ ✢ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✓ ✒ ✤✚ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖
✔ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✒ ✙ ✖ ✿ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✏ ✘ ✘✗ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✧ ✛ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✓ ✒ ✏ ✜ ✱ ✜ ✗ ✚ ✔ ✑ ✧ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✎
⑥
❂ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❃ ❇ ❅ ❈❉ ❃ ❊
⑦③
❅ ● ❊
⑧
❅ ❉ ❣ ❅
⑦
❉ ❈❇
❋ ❈
⑦⑦
❅ ⑨ ❊ ●✎
●   ✁ ❱ ✂ ✄ ✁ ✄ ✂ ❆ ☎ ✷ ✆ ✝
❊ ✞ ❊ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ❊ ☛
✽ ☞✌ ✍✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✚ ✛
✭ ❛ ✮ ❨ ✗ ♦ ✜ ❛ ✎ ✏ ✕ ✙ ✒ ✘ ✢ ❛ ✜ ✕ ❛ ✓ ✚✒ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✣ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❛ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✏ ❝ ✤ ✥ ♦ ✔ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✚ ✙ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✢ ✒ ❛ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✑ ✜ ✗ ✎ ✢ ♦ ✜ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✳
❈
❛ ✎ ✤✗ ♦ ✏ ✕ ✙ ✒ ✘ ✢ ❛ ❝ ✗ ✢ ✤ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✣ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✚✓ ❛
✦
✙ ✔ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✘ ✙ ✎ ✖ ✘ ♦ ✒ ✎ ✜ ✒ ✗ ✖ ✎ ✒ ❛ ✓ ❝ ✤ ✣ ❛ ✔ ✔ ✒ ✓ ❝ ✤ ✥ ♦ ✔ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✚
✙ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✢ ✒ ❛ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✑ ✏ ✥ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✓ ❝ ✤ ✏ ✗ ✣ ✒ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✣ ✒ ❛ ✎ ✏ ✐
✭ ❝ ✮ ✍ ✎ ❛ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✗ ✎ ❛ ♦ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✢ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✣ ❛ ✘ ✘ ✏ ✥ ❛ ✜ ✒ ✏ ✕ ✙ ✥ ✗ ✓ ❝ ✙ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✚ ❛ ✓ ✗ ♦ ✎ ✢ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ❛ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✜ ❛ ✎ ✎ ✗ ✔ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✜ ✔
✚ ✓ ❛
✦
✙ ✔ ✤ ✳
❣
✖ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✥ ❛ ✜ ✒ ✏ ✔ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✓ ❝ ✙ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✚ ❛ ✓ ✗ ♦ ✎ ✢ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ❛ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✕ ❛ ✏ ❛ ✘ ❛ ✓ ✚✒ ✏ ✙
✧
✒
★
✜ ❛ ✎ ✕ ✒ ✕ ✗ ✥ ✒
✔ ✗ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✚✓ ❛
✦
✙ ✔ ✤ ✐
✭ ✜ ✮
❣
✖ ✤ ✗ ♦ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✥ ❛ ✓ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✚✓ ❛
✦
✙ ✔ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✜ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ❛ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✢ ♦ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✏ ♦✎ ✔ ✗ ✔ ✕ ❛ ✔ ✢ ♦ ✒
✔ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✣ ✗ ✗ ✎
★
✤✗ ♦ ✑ ✗ ♦ ✘ ✢ ✖ ✙ ✎ ✢ ✔ ✕ ❛ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✒
t
♦✎
✩
✏ ✥ ♦ ✘ ✘ ✙ ✏ ✚✓ ✒ ❛ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❛ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✣ ✗ ✗ ✎
✩
✏ ✥ ♦ ✘ ✘ ✳
✭ ✤ ✗ ♦ ✜ ❛ ✎ ✜ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✪ ✔ ✕ ✙ ✏ ✤✗ ♦✓ ✏ ✒ ✘ ✖ ♦✏ ✙ ✎ ✚ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✢ ❛ ✔ ❛ ❛
✦
❛ ✙ ✘ ❛ ❝ ✘ ✒ ✙ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✏ ♦ ✜ ✜ ✒ ✒ ✢ ✙ ✎ ✚ ✒ ✫ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✮ ✳
❍ ✗ ✑ ✒
✦
✒ ✓
★
✔ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✙ ✢ ❛ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✖ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✣ ✗ ✗ ✎
✩
✏ ✥ ♦ ✘ ✘ ✙ ✏ ✚ ✓ ✒ ❛ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ❛ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✙ ✢ ❛ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✖ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✏ ♦✎ ✳
❲
✕ ✤ ✐
✽ ☞✬
❈
✕ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✗ ✓ ✓ ✒ ✜ ✔ ❛ ✘ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✙
✦
✒ ✛
✭ ❛ ✮ ✍ ✜ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✓ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✢ ♦ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✚ ✓ ❛
✦
✙ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✎ ✜ ✓ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✯ ✢ ✒ ✜ ✓ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✙ ✎ ✜ ✓ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✙ ✎ ✚ ❛ ✘ ✔ ✙ ✔ ♦ ✢ ✒ ✳
✭ ❝ ✮ ✍ ✜ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✓ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✢ ♦ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✚ ✓ ❛
✦
✙ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✎ ✜ ✓ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✯ ✢ ✒ ✜ ✓ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✒ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✔ ✕ ✙ ✎ ✜ ✓ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✙ ✎ ✚ ✢ ✒ ✥ ✔ ✕ ✭ ❛ ✏ ✏ ♦ ✣ ✒
✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ❛ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✗ ❝ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✥ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✖ ♦ ✎ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✣ ✢ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✔ ✤✮ ✳
✭ ✜ ✮ ✍✜ ✜ ✒ ✘ ✒ ✓ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✢ ♦ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✚✓ ❛
✦
✙ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✏ ✙ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✥ ✒ ✎ ✢ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✣ ❛ ✏ ✏ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ❛ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✯ ✣ ❛ ✏ ✏ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✒ ❝ ✗ ✢ ✤ ✳
✭ ✢ ✮
❚
✕ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✣ ♦ ✘ ❛
♠ ✰ ✱ ✲
✭
✴
✯
r
✵
♠ ✴
✯
r
✶
✮ ✙ ✏ ✣ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✯ ✘ ✒ ✏ ✏ ❛ ✜ ✜ ♦ ✓ ❛ ✔ ✒ ✔ ✕ ❛ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✣ ♦ ✘ ❛
✲
✸ ✭
r
✵
♠ r
✶
✮ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✢ ✙ ✖ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✎ ✜ ✒ ✗ ✖ ✥ ✗ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✙ ❛ ✘ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✚✤ ❝ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✑ ✗ ✥ ✗ ✙ ✎ ✔ ✏
r
✵
❛ ✎ ✢
r
✶
✢ ✙ ✏ ✔ ❛ ✎ ✜ ✒
❛ ✑ ❛ ✤ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✣ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ❛ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✳
✽ ☞
✹ t
♦ ✥ ✥ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✒ ✫ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✒ ✢ ❛ ✥ ✘ ❛ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✔ ✕ ❛ ✔ ✑ ✒ ✎ ✔ ❛ ✓ ✗ ♦ ✎ ✢ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✏ ♦ ✎ ✔ ✑ ✙ ✜ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✖ ❛ ✏ ✔ ❛ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ❛ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✳
❲
✕ ❛ ✔ ✑ ✗ ♦ ✘ ✢ ❝ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✓ ❝ ✙ ✔ ❛ ✘ ✏ ✙
✧
✒ ❛ ✏ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✥ ❛ ✓ ✒ ✢ ✔ ✗ ✔ ✕ ❛ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ❛ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✐
✽ ☞✺
❣
✗
★
✗ ✎ ✒ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✏ ❛ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✗ ✖ ■ ♦ ✥ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✓
★
✕ ❛ ✏ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✓ ❝ ✙ ✔ ❛ ✘ ✥ ✒ ✓ ✙ ✗ ✢ ✗ ✖
✴
✳ ✻ ✼ ✾ ✢ ❛ ✤ ✏ ❛ ✎ ✢ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✓ ❛ ✢ ✙ ♦✏
✗ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✗ ✓ ❝ ✙ ✔ ✙ ✏
✿
✳
❀ ❀ × ✴ ❁
❂
✣ ✳
t
✕ ✗ ✑ ✔ ✕ ❛ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✣ ❛ ✏ ✏ ✗ ✖ ■ ♦✥ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✙ ✏ ❛ ❝ ✗ ♦✔ ✗ ✎ ✒
❃
✔ ✕ ✗ ♦ ✏ ❛ ✎ ✢ ✔ ✕
✔ ✕ ❛ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✏ ♦ ✎ ✳
✽ ☞❄ ▲ ✒ ✔ ♦✏ ❛ ✏ ✏ ♦✣ ✒ ✔ ✕ ❛ ✔ ✗ ♦✓ ✚❛ ✘ ❛ ✫ ✤ ✜ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✖
❀
✳ ❅
× ✴ ❁
❇ ❇
✏ ✔ ❛ ✓ ✏ ✒ ❛ ✜ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✗ ✘ ❛ ✓ ✣ ❛ ✏ ✏ ✳ ❍ ✗ ✑
✘ ✗ ✎ ✚ ✑ ✙ ✘ ✘ ❛ ✏ ✔ ❛ ✓ ❛ ✔ ❛ ✢ ✙ ✏ ✔ ❛ ✎ ✜ ✒ ✗ ✖ ❅
❁ ★ ❁ ❁ ❁
✘ ✤ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✣ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✚ ❛ ✘ ❛ ✜ ✔ ✙ ✜ ✜ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✓ ✒ ✔ ❛ ✪ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✥ ✘ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✗ ✎ ✒
✓ ✒
✦
✗ ✘ ♦ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✐
❚
❛ ✪ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✢ ✙ ❛ ✣ ✒ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✒
❉
✙ ✘ ✪ ✤
❲
❛ ✤ ✔ ✗ ❝ ✒
✴ ❁
❋
✘ ✤ ✳
✽ ☞❏
❈
✕ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✗ ✓ ✓ ✒ ✜ ✔ ❛ ✘ ✔ ✒ ✓ ✎ ❛ ✔ ✙
✦
✒ ✛
✭ ❛ ✮
❣
✖ ✔ ✕ ✒
✧
✒ ✓ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✥ ✗ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✙ ❛ ✘ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✤ ✙ ✏ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✖ ✙ ✎ ✙ ✔ ✤
★
✔ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✔ ❛ ✘ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✚✤ ✗ ✖ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✓ ❝ ✙ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✚ ✏ ❛ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✒
✙ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✚❛ ✔ ✙
✦
✒ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✔ ✏ ✪ ✙ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✙ ✜ ✯ ✥ ✗ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✙ ❛ ✘ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✤ ✳
✭ ❝ ✮
❚
✕ ✒ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✚✤ ✓ ✒ ❡ ♦✙ ✓ ✒ ✢ ✔ ✗ ✘ ❛ ♦ ✎ ✜ ✕ ❛ ✎ ✗ ✓ ❝ ✙ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✚ ✏ ❛ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✗ ♦✔ ✗ ✖ ✒ ❛ ✓ ✔ ✕
✩
✏ ✚✓ ❛
✦
✙ ✔ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✘
✙ ✎ ✖ ✘ ♦✒ ✎ ✜ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✣ ✗ ✓ ✒ ✯ ✘ ✒ ✏ ✏ ✔ ✕ ❛ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✚✤ ✓ ✒ ❡ ♦✙ ✓ ✒ ✢ ✔ ✗ ✥ ✓ ✗
❑
✒ ✜ ✔ ❛ ✏ ✔ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✓ ✤ ✗ ❝
❑
✒ ✜ ✔ ❛ ✔
✔ ✕ ✒ ✏ ❛ ✣ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✔ ✭ ❛ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✏ ❛ ✔ ✒ ✘ ✘ ✙ ✔ ✒ ✮ ✗ ♦ ✔ ✗ ✖ ✒ ❛ ✓ ✔ ✕
✩
✏ ✙ ✎ ✖ ✘ ♦ ✒ ✎ ✜ ✒ ✳
✽ ☞▼ ◆ ✗ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✜ ❛ ✥ ✒ ✏ ✥ ✒ ✒ ✢ ✗ ✖ ❛ ❝ ✗ ✢ ✤ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✣ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✒ ❛ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✢ ✒ ✥ ✒ ✎ ✢ ✗ ✎ ✭ ❛ ✮ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✣ ❛ ✏ ✏ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✒ ❝ ✗ ✢ ✤
★
✭ ❝ ✮
✔ ✕ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✜ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✣ ✑ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✙ ✏ ✥ ✓ ✗
❑
✒ ✜ ✔ ✒ ✢
★
✭ ✜ ✮ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✢ ✙ ✓ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✗ ✖ ✥ ✓ ✗
❑
✒ ✜ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎
★
✭ ✢ ✮ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✔ ✗ ✖
✔ ✕ ✒ ✘ ✗ ✜ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✣ ✑ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✒ ❝ ✗ ✢ ✤ ✙ ✏ ✘ ❛ ♦ ✎ ✜ ✕ ✒ ✢ ✐
✽ ☞ ✽ ✍ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✓ ❝ ✙ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✏ ♦ ✎ ✙ ✎ ❛ ✕ ✙ ✚ ✕ ✘ ✤ ✒ ✘ ✘ ✙ ✥ ✔ ✙ ✜ ❛ ✘ ✗ ✓ ❝ ✙ ✔ ✳ ◆ ✗ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✒ ✔ ✕ ❛
✦
✒ ❛ ✜ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✔ ❛ ✎ ✔ ✭ ❛ ✮
✘ ✙ ✎ ✒ ❛ ✓ ✏ ✥ ✒ ✒ ✢
★
✭ ❝ ✮ ❛ ✎ ✚ ♦ ✘ ❛ ✓ ✏ ✥ ✒ ✒ ✢
★
✭ ✜ ✮ ❛ ✎ ✚ ♦ ✘ ❛ ✓ ✣ ✗ ✣ ✒ ✎ ✔ ♦✣
★
✭ ✢ ✮ ✪ ✙ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✙ ✜ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✚✤
★
✭ ✒ ✮ ✥ ✗ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✙ ❛ ✘
✒ ✎ ✒ ✓
✚✤
★
✭ ✖ ✮ ✔ ✗ ✔ ❛ ✘ ✒ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✚✤ ✔ ✕ ✓ ✗ ♦ ✚ ✕ ✗ ♦ ✔ ✙ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✓ ❝ ✙ ✔ ✐
❖
✒ ✚✘ ✒ ✜ ✔ ❛ ✎ ✤ ✣ ❛ ✏ ✏ ✘ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✕ ✒ ✎
✙ ✔ ✜ ✗ ✣ ✒ ✏
✦
✒ ✓ ✤ ✜ ✘ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✒
t
♦ ✎ ✳
✽ ☞P
❲
✕ ✙ ✜ ✕ ✗ ✖ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✚ ✏ ✤ ✣ ✥ ✔ ✗ ✣ ✏ ✙ ✏ ✘ ✙ ✪ ✒ ✘ ✤ ✔ ✗ ❛ ✖ ✖ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✔ ❛ ✎ ❛ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✗ ✎ ❛ ♦ ✔ ✙ ✎ ✏ ✥ ❛ ✜ ✒ ✭ ❛ ✮ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✒ ✎
✖ ✒ ✒ ✔
★
✭ ❝ ✮ ✏ ✑ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✒ ✎ ✖ ❛ ✜ ✒
★
✭ ✜ ✮ ✕ ✒ ❛ ✢ ❛ ✜ ✕ ✒
★
✭ ✢ ✮ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✒ ✎ ✔ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✘ ✥ ✓ ✗ ❝ ✘ ✒ ✣ ✳
❣
✎ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✑ ✙ ✎ ✚ ✔ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✫ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✙ ✏ ✒ ✏
★
✜ ✕ ✗ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✗ ✓ ✓ ✒ ✜ ✔ ❛ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✖ ✓ ✗ ✣ ❛ ✣ ✗ ✎ ✚ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✚ ✙
✦
✒ ✎ ✗ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✛
✽ ☞✌ ◗
❚
✕ ✒ ✚✓ ❛
✦
✙ ✔ ❛ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ❛ ✘ ✙ ✎ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✔ ✤ ❛ ✔ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✜ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✓ ✒ ✗ ✖ ❛ ✕ ✒ ✣ ✙ ✏ ✥ ✕ ✒ ✓ ✙ ✜ ❛ ✘ ✏ ✕ ✒ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✖ ♦ ✎ ✙ ✖ ✗ ✓ ✣ ✣ ❛ ✏ ✏
✢ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✔ ✤ ✕ ❛ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✒ ✢ ✙ ✓ ✒ ✜ ✔ ✙ ✗ ✎ ✙ ✎ ✢ ✙ ✜ ❛ ✔ ✒ ✢ ❝ ✤ ✔ ✕ ✒ ❛ ✓ ✓ ✗ ✑ ✭ ✏ ✒ ✒ ❘ ✙ ✚ ❙ ✳
✴ ❀
✮ ✭ ✙ ✮ ❛
★
✭ ✙ ✙ ✮ ❝
★
✭ ✙ ✙ ✙ ✮ ✜
★
✭ ✙
✦
✮
❁
✳
❯ ❳ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❬ ❪ ❫
✷   ✷ P ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄
✽ ✝✞ ✞ ❋ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✏ ✠ ✟ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✒ ✓ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✔ ✕ ✠ ☞ ✖ ✡ ✕ ✟ ✗ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✙✠ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✟ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✕ ✗ ✡ ☞ ✗ ✚ ✕ ✡ ✛ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✠ ✍ ✕ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✛
✏ ✟ ✕ ✗ ✡
♣
✕ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✔ ✍ ✛ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✠ ✟
♦ ✜
✕
✢
✔ ✓
✜
✕ ✕
✢
☞ ✓
✜
✕ ✕ ✕
✢
✘ ✓
✜
✕ ✎
✢
✙
✣
✽ ✝✞
✤ ❆
✠ ✟ ✖
✥
☞ ✡ ✕ ✚ ✘ ✕ ✠ ☞ ✔ ✘ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✟
♦
✌ ✠ ✔ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✗
✣ ❆
✡
♦
☛ ✌ ✡ ✔ ✕ ✚ ✡ ✌ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✘ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛
✦
✚
✖ ☞ ✗ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✕ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✙✠ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✟ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✟ ✠ ✖ ☞ ✟ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✖
✥
☞ ✡ ✧ ☞ ✠ ✟ ★ ✩ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✗ ✪ ✫ × ✶ ✬
✸ ✭
✥
✙✓
✒ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✪
♠
× ✶ ✬
✮ ✯
✥
✙
✣ ✰
☞ ✙✑ ☞ ✖ ✡ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✘ ✘ ☞ ✖ ✡ ✟ ✘ ✟ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✗ ☞ ✡ ✚ ☞ ✡ ✖
✣ ✜
✟ ✠ ✍ ✕ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✌ ✔ ✕
❞
✚
✪ ✶
✣ ❂
× ✶ ✬
✱ ✱
✒
✢ ✣
✽ ✝✞ ✲ ❍ ✟
♦ ♦
✕ ✑ ✑ ✛ ✟
❞
✳
♦
☞ ✕ ✙ ☛ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✗
✦
✓ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✚ ☞ ✚ ✡ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✕ ✡ ✚ ✒ ✌ ✚ ✚ ★ ✴ ☛ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✕ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✌ ✔ ✕
❞
✚ ✟ ✘
✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✠ ✟
❞
✗ ✔ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✗ ✕ ✚ ✶
✣ ❂
× ✶ ✬
✵
✥
✒
✣
✽ ✝✞
✹ ❆
✚ ✌ ✡
❞
✠ ✗ ✛☞ ✌ ✠ ✕ ✚ ✫
♥ ✣ ❂
✡ ✕ ✒ ☞ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✛ ☞ ✌ ✠
✣
❍ ✟
♦
✘ ✌ ✠ ✕ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚ ✌ ✡
❞
✠ ✗ ✘ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✗ ✕ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞
☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✕ ✚ ✶
✣ ❂
✬ × ✶ ✬
✵
✥
✒ ✌
♦
✌ ✛ ✘ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✗ ★
✽ ✝✞
✺ ❆
✍ ✟ ✔ ✛
♦
☞ ✕ ✙ ☛ ✚
♠ ✻ ✰
✟ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✠ ✘ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛
✣ ❢
☛ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✙ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✟ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✟ ✠ ✖ ☞ ✟ ✗ ✕ ✡
✔
❞
☞ ✡ ✟ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✕ ✙ ☛ ✡ ☞
✼ ❞
✌ ✑ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✌ ✔ ✕
❞
✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ★
✽ ✝✞ ✾
❆
✚ ✚
❞
✒ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✟ ✍ ☞ ✌ ✚ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✟ ✘
❞
✗ ✕ ✘ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✒ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✔ ☞ ✗ ✚ ✕ ✡ ✛ ✓ ☛ ✟
♦
✒
❞
✖ ☛
♦
✟
❞
✑ ✔ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✔ ✛
♦
☞ ✕ ✙☛ ☛ ✌ ✑ ✘
♦
✌ ✛ ✔ ✟
♦
✗ ✡ ✟ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✕ ✘ ✕ ✡
♦
☞ ✕ ✙☛ ☞ ✔ ✫
❂
✬
✰
✟ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✠ ✘ ✌ ✖ ☞ ★
✽ ✝✞
✿ ❆
✠ ✟ ✖
✥
☞ ✡ ✕ ✚ ✘ ✕ ✠ ☞ ✔ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✕ ✖ ✌ ✑ ✑ ✛
♦
✕ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✚ ✏ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✟ ✘
❂ ✥
✒ ✚
❀ ✱
✘ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛
✦
✚ ✚
❞
✠ ✘ ✌ ✖ ☞
✣
❍ ✟
♦
✘ ✌ ✠
✘ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✟ ☞ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✟ ✖
✥
☞ ✡ ✙ ✟ ✍ ☞ ✘ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✡
❞
✠ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✡ ✟ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ★ ✩ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛
✪
♠ ✣
✬ × ✶ ✬
✮ ✯
✥
✙
❁
✒ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✠ ✌ ✔ ✕
❞
✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✪
♠ ✣ ❃
× ✶ ✬
❄
✒
❁ ●
✪
♠ ✣ ♠ ❅
× ✶ ✬
➊
✱ ✱
✰
✒
✮
✥
✙
❇ ✮
✣
✽ ✝✞ ✽ ✴ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✚ ✖ ✌ ✏ ☞ ✚ ✏ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✟ ✘ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✟
❈
☞ ✖ ✡ ✕ ✑ ☞ ✟ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛
✦
✚ ✚
❞
✠ ✘ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✕ ✚ ✶ ✶
✣
✫
✥
✒ ✚
➊
✱
✣ ❆
✍ ✟ ✔ ✛ ✕ ✚
✏ ✠ ✟
❈
☞ ✖ ✡ ☞ ✔ ✟
❞
✡
♦
✕ ✡ ☛ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✕ ✖ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✕ ✚ ✚ ✏ ☞ ☞ ✔
✣ ❢
☛ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚ ✏ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✍ ✟ ✔ ✛ ✘ ✌ ✠ ✌
♦
✌ ✛ ✘ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✡ ☛ ☞
☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ★
❡
✙ ✗ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✠ ☞ ✚ ☞ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✗ ✌ ✗ ✔ ✟ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✗ ☞ ✡ ✚
✣
✽ ✝✞
❉ ❆
✚ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✑ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✕ ✡ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✕ ✙☛ ✡ ✟ ✘
❃
✬ ✬
✥
✒ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✎ ☞ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✠ ✘ ✌ ✖ ☞
✣
❍ ✟
♦
✒
❞
✖ ☛
☞ ✗ ☞ ✠ ✙ ✛ ✒
❞
✚ ✡ ✍ ☞ ☞ ❊ ✏ ☞ ✗ ✔ ☞ ✔ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✖
✥
☞ ✡ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✑ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✟
❞
✡ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛
✦
✚ ✙ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✟ ✗ ✌ ✑
✕ ✗ ✘ ✑
❞
☞ ✗ ✖ ☞ ★ ✩ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✑ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✬
✥
✙
❁
✒ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✪
♠ ✣
✬ × ✶ ✬
✮ ✯
✥
✙
❁
✠ ✌ ✔ ✕
❞
✚ ✟ ✘
✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✪
♠ ✣ ❃
× ✶ ✬
❄
✒
❁ ●
✪
♠ ✣ ♠ ❅
× ✶ ✬
➊
✱ ✱
✰
✒
✮
✥
✙
❇✮
✣
✽ ✝
✤
■ ✴
♦
✟ ✚ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✚ ☞ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✟ ✘ ✟ ✗ ☞ ✚ ✟ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✒ ✌ ✚ ✚
✜
✪ ✫ × ✶ ✬
✸ ✭
✥
✙
✢
✌ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✠ ✟ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✕ ✗ ✙ ☞ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✟ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✘ ✟ ✠ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✔
✟ ✗ ✖ ✟ ✑ ✑ ✕ ✚ ✕ ✟ ✗
✣ ❢
☛ ☞ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✛ ✌ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✕ ✚ ✡ ✌ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✶ ✬
❏
✥
✒ ✓ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✕ ✠ ✚ ✏ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✚ ✌ ✠ ☞ ✗ ☞ ✙✑ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✍ ✑ ☞
✣ ❢
☛ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✚
✡ ☛ ☞ ✚ ✏ ☞ ☞ ✔
♦
✕ ✡ ☛
♦
☛ ✕ ✖ ☛ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✛ ✖ ✟ ✑ ✑ ✕ ✔ ☞ ★ ✴ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✌ ✔ ✕
❞
✚ ✟ ✘ ☞ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✚ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✕ ✚ ✶ ✬
✯
✥
✒
✣ ❆
✚ ✚
❞
✒ ☞ ✡ ☛ ☞
✚ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✚ ✡ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✗
❞
✗ ✔ ✕ ✚ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☞ ✔
❞
✗ ✡ ✕ ✑ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✛ ✖ ✟ ✑ ✑ ✕ ✔ ☞
✣ ✜
s ✚ ☞ ✡ ☛ ☞
✥
✗ ✟
♦
✗ ✎ ✌ ✑
❞
☞ ✟ ✘
● ✢ ✣
✽ ✝
✤
✞ ✴
♦
✟ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✎ ✛ ✚ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✚ ☞ ✌ ✖ ☛ ✟ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✶ ✬ ✬
✥
✙ ✌ ✗ ✔ ✠ ✌ ✔ ✕
❞
✚ ✬
✣
✶ ✬ ✒ ✌ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✔ ✶
✣
✬ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✠ ✡
✟ ✗ ✌ ☛ ✟ ✠ ✕ ✧ ✟ ✗ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✑ ☞
✣ ❢
☛ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✙ ✠ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✟ ✗ ✌ ✑ ✘ ✟ ✠ ✖ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✔ ✏ ✟ ✡ ☞ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✡ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✟ ✕ ✗ ✡
✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✑ ✕ ✗ ☞
❈
✟ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✚ ★
❡
✚ ✌ ✗ ✟ ✍
❈
☞ ✖ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✔ ✌ ✡ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✏ ✟ ✕ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✗
☞
✼ ❞
✕ ✑ ✕ ✍ ✠ ✕
❞
✒ ★
❡
✘ ✚ ✟ ✓ ✕ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞
✼ ❞
✕ ✑ ✕ ✍ ✠ ✕
❞
✒ ✚ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✟ ✠
❞
✗ ✚ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✑ ☞ ★
❑ ▲ ▲ ▼ ◆ ▼ ❖ ◗❘ ❙ ❚ ❯ ❱ ❲ ❝ ▼ ❳ ❱ ❳
✽ ✝
✤ ✤ ❆
✚ ✛ ✟
❞
☛ ✌ ✎ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✡ ☞ ❊ ✡ ✓ ✌ ✙ ☞ ✟ ✚ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✟ ✗ ✌ ✠ ✛ ✚ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✑ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✕ ✡ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✕ ✙☛ ✡ ✟ ✘
✗ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✑ ✛
✻ ♠
✓ ✬ ✬ ✬
✥
✒ ✘ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✠ ✘ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛
✣ ❢
☛ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✡ ☞ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✌ ✑ ✔
❞
☞ ✡ ✟ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛
✦
✚
✙✠ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✡ ✛ ✌ ✡ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚ ✕ ✡ ☞ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ✕ ✚ ✚ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✑ ✕ ✡ ☞ ★
✜
✴ ✌
✥
☞ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✏ ✟ ✡ ☞ ✗ ✡ ✕ ✌ ✑ ☞ ✗ ☞ ✠ ✙ ✛ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✡ ✛ ✡ ✟ ✍ ☞ ✧ ☞ ✠ ✟
✢ ✣
✩ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☞ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✪
♠ ✣
✬ × ✶ ✬
✮ ✯
✥
✙ ✓ ✠ ✌ ✔ ✕
❞
✚ ✪
♠ ❃
✬ ✬
✥
✒
✣
✽ ✝
✤
✲
❆
✚ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✫
✣ ❂
✡ ✕ ✒ ☞ ✚ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✒ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✗ ✌ ✗ ✔ ✖ ✟ ✑ ✑ ✌ ✏ ✚ ☞ ✔ ✡ ✟ ✌ ✚ ✕ ✧ ☞ ✟ ✘ ✶ ✫
✥
✒ ✠ ✟ ✡ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✚
♦
✕ ✡ ☛ ✌
✚ ✏ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✟ ✘ ✶
✣
✫ ✠ ☞ ✎
✣
✏ ☞ ✠ ✚ ☞ ✖ ✟ ✗ ✔
✣ ✜
❨ ❊ ✡ ✠ ☞ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✛ ✖ ✟ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✖ ✡ ✚ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ✕ ✚
✥
✕ ✗ ✔ ✌ ✠ ☞
✥
✗ ✟
♦
✗ ✌ ✚
✗ ☞
❞
✡ ✠ ✟ ✗ ✚ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✚
✣ ❩
☞ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✗ ✚ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✍
❈
☞ ✖ ✡ ✚ ✖ ✌ ✑ ✑ ☞ ✔ ✏
❞
✑ ✚ ✌ ✠ ✚ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✟ ✗ ✙ ✡ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✕ ✚ ✖ ✌ ✡ ☞ ✙✟ ✠ ✛
✢ ✣ ❢
✕ ✑ ✑ ✌ ✗
✟ ✍
❈
☞ ✖ ✡ ✏ ✑ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✔ ✟ ✗ ✕ ✡ ✚ ☞
✼ ❞
✌ ✡ ✟ ✠ ✠ ☞ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✗ ✚ ✡
❞
✖
✥
✡ ✟ ✕ ✡ ✚ ✚
❞
✠ ✘ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✔
❞
☞ ✡ ✟ ✙✠ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✡ ✛ ★
✜
✒ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞
✚
❞
✗ ✪ ✫ × ✶ ✬
✸ ✭
✥
✙
✢ ✣
✽ ✝
✤ ✹ ❆
✚ ✏ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✚ ☛ ✕ ✏ ✕ ✚ ✚ ✡ ✌ ✡ ✕ ✟ ✗ ☞ ✔ ✟ ✗ ✩ ✌ ✠ ✚
✣
❍ ✟
♦
✒
❞
✖ ☛ ☞ ✗ ☞ ✠ ✙ ✛ ✒
❞
✚ ✡ ✍ ☞ ☞ ❊ ✏ ☞ ✗ ✔ ☞ ✔ ✟ ✗ ✡ ☛ ☞
✚ ✏ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✚ ☛ ✕ ✏ ✡ ✟ ✑ ✌
❞
✗ ✖ ☛ ✕ ✡ ✟
❞
✡ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚ ✟ ✑ ✌ ✠ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✡ ☞ ✒ ★ ✩ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚ ✏ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✚ ☛ ✕ ✏ ✪ ✶ ✬ ✬ ✬
✥
✙
❁
✒ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✗ ✪ ✫ × ✶ ✬
✸ ✭
✥
✙
❁
✒ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✚ ✪
♠ ✣ ❃
× ✶ ✬
✮ ✸
✥
✙
❁
✠ ✌ ✔ ✕
❞
✚ ✟ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✚ ✪
✻ ✻ ♥ ❂ ✥
✒
❁
✠ ✌ ✔ ✕
❞
✚ ✟ ✘ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✕ ✡ ✟ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✚ ✪ ✫
✣
✫
r
× ✶ ✬
✵
✥
✒
❁ ●
✪
♠ ✣ ♠ ❅
× ✶ ✬
❀ ✱ ✱
✰
✒
✮
✥
✙
➊✮
✣
✽ ✝
✤ ✺ ❆
✠ ✟ ✖
✥
☞ ✡ ✕ ✚ ✘ ✕ ✠ ☞ ✔ ✳ ✎ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✕ ✖ ✌ ✑ ✑ ✛
✦
✘ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✠ ✘ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✟ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✚
♦
✕ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✚ ✏ ☞ ☞ ✔ ✟ ✘ ✫
✥
✒ ✚
➊
✱
✣ ❡
✘ ✫ ✬ ❬
✟ ✘ ✕ ✡ ✚ ✕ ✗ ✕ ✡ ✕ ✌ ✑ ☞ ✗ ☞ ✠ ✙ ✛ ✕ ✚ ✑ ✟ ✚ ✡ ✔
❞
☞ ✡ ✟ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✕ ✌ ✗ ✌ ✡ ✒ ✟ ✚ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✕ ✖ ✠ ☞ ✚ ✕ ✚ ✡ ✌ ✗ ✖ ☞ ✓ ☛ ✟
♦
✘ ✌ ✠
♦
✕ ✑ ✑ ✡ ☛ ☞
✠ ✟ ✖
✥
☞ ✡ ✙✟ ✘ ✠ ✟ ✒ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✚
❞
✠ ✘ ✌ ✖ ☞ ✟ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✚ ✍ ☞ ✘ ✟ ✠ ☞ ✠ ☞ ✡
❞
✠ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✡ ✟ ✕ ✡ ★ ✩ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✟ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✚ ✪
♠ ✣ ❃
× ✶ ✬
✮ ✸
✥
✙
❁
✠ ✌ ✔ ✕
❞
✚ ✟ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✠ ✚ ✪
✻ ✻ ♥ ❂ ✥
✒
❁ ● ❭ ♠ ✣ ♠ ❅
× ✶ ✬
❀ ✱ ✱
✰
✒
✮
✥
✙
➊✮
✣
✥ P P   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎   ✆
❆ ✝ ✝ ✞ ✟✠ ✡ ☛ ❆ ☞
❚ ✌
✞
✍ ✎
✞ ✞
✏
❆
✑
✝
✌
❆
✒
✞
❚
❆ ✝ ✝ ✞ ✟✠ ✡ ☛ ❆ ✓
❈✔ ✕ ✕ ✔
✟
✖
✡ ✝
✎
✞
✗
✡ ☛ ✞
✖
❆ ✟✠
✖ ✘ ✕ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✙✑ ❚
✡ ✝
✑
✞
✖
❆ ✟✠
✖ ✙✒ ✚ ✕ ✙✑ ❚
✡ ✝
✑
✞
✖
✷   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❆ ✞ ✞ ✟ ✠✡ ☛ ☞ ❆ ✌
❙ ✍ ✎
✟ ☛
✎
✞
✍ ✏ ✑
❆ ✠
✑ ✒✍
✠
❙ ✑
❆ ✠
✑ ❙
❖ ✓ ✔ ✕✖ ✗ ✘ ✕✙ ✗ ✚ ✛✜ ✢ ✘ ✓ ✣ ✢ ✓ ✘
✷   ✁❆ ✂ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟
✠ ✡ ✡ ☛ ☞✌ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✏
❈✑ ☞✒ ☛ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✕ ✠ ❈ ✖ ✑ ✓ ✔
✗✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✧ ✘ ✜ ✢ ✥ ✜ ✛ ❡ ✜ ✣ ✧ ✧ ✛ ✙ ✥ ✢ ✛ ★ ✩ ✥ ✧ ✣ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✤ ✘ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✣ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✭ ✮
▲ ✯ ✰ ✱ ✲✳ ✠ ✰ ✱ ✴ ✯ ✵ ✰ ✶ ✠ ✰ ✱ ✸ ✴ ✵ ✹ ✔ ✺ ✯ ✯ ✶
✻ ✼ ✪ ✽ ✾ ✮ ✿ ❀ ✻ ❁ ✪ ✣ ❂ ✜ ✥ r ✽ ✻ ❃ ✾
➦
✻ ✪ ✣ ✽ ✻ ✮ ✿ ✾
❄
✼ ✪ ✻ ✜ ✥ r ✽ ❁
❅
✮
❇
✾
➦
✻ ✪ ✽ ✻ ✮ ✾
❄ ❇
✿ ✭ r ✽
❇
✮ ❀ ❃ ✻ ✤ ✧ ✽
❇ ❄
✮
❇ ❅
✣ ✙ ✻
➦
✽ ✻ ✮
❅
❉ ❁ ❊ ✻ ✾
➊ ❋
✜ ✥ r
✻ ✣ ✙ ✽ ❀ ✮ ❁ ❉ ✦ ✪ ✻ ✜ ✛ ✚ ✪ ✣ ✙
➊ ●
✽ ✾ ✮ ✻ ✾ ❉
❅
✜ ✥ r ✢
➊ ●
✻ ✤ ✧ ✽ ✻ ❀ ✣ ✙ ✽
❇
✾ ✮ ❉ ❃ ✦ ✪ ✻ ✜ ✥ r ✢
➊ ●
✽
❄
✮ ❁ ❉
❄
✜ ✛ ✚ ✪ ✣ ✙
➊ ●
✻ ✭ r ✽
❇
✤ ✧ ✽
❄
✻ ✮ ❉ ❉ ✦ ✪ ▼ ✵ ❍ ❍
✻ ✬ ✣ ■ ❏ ✧ ✭ ✛ ✥ ✜ ✽ ✻ ✬ ✭ ✽
❄
✮ ❉ ✿ ✻ ❑ ✻ ✾
●◆
✪ ✻ ✼ ■ ✽ ✻ ✾ ✾ ✾ ■
✻
❖
➦
✽ ✾ ✮ ✻ ✙ ✪ ✻ ✧ ✘ ✙ ✙ ✛ ✽ ✻ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✼ ■ ✽ ✻
P
■
✠ ✹✯ ✵ ✻ ✩ ✽ ✻ ✮ ✿ ✿ ✾ ✿ ❊ ✻ ✾
➊ ❋ ◗
✼ ■
✻ ✪
❋
✽ ✻ ✾
❘
✦ ✪
❋
✻ ✼ ■ ✽ ✿ ✮ ✾ ❀ ❀ ❊ ✻ ✾
❋ ❙
✩
✻ ✼ ✪
❋
✽ ✾ ✮
❇
❃ ✿ ✻ ✪ ✣
❋
✽ ❀ ❉
❅
✮ ✻ ✥ ✦ ✜ ✛ ✢ ✻ ✢ ✬ ✩ ■ ✽ ✻ ❉ ✮ ❁
❄
✼ ■
✻ ✣ ✙
❋
✽ ✿ ✮ ❉ ❁ ✻ ✿ ✦ ✪
❋
✻ ✼ ■ ✽ ✿ ✮ ❃ ❁ ❀ ❊ ✻ ✾
➊ ❋
✢ ✬ ✩ ■
✻ ✤ ✧
❋
✽
❄
✮ ❀
❄
❑ ✻ ✾
❚
❋
✪
❋
✻ ✩ ✽
❄ ❇
✻ ✮ ❁ ✾
P
✛
❯ ❱
✦
❋
✻ ✪
❋
✽ ✻ ✾ ✮
❅
✿ ✤ ✧
❋
✌ ✯ ✰ ❍
❲
✲
❳
✻ ✥ ✦ ✜ ✛ ✽ ❉
❇
❨ ❁ ✿ ✾ ✤ ✧
❋
✻ ■ ✦ ✪
➊ ❩
✽ ✻ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✼ ■ ✪
➊ ❩
✽ ✻ ✼ ■ ❬
➊ ●
✻ ✪ ✣
❋
✽ ❉ ✿ ✾ ✥ ✦ ✜ ✛ ✢ ✽ ❀ ✮ ❁
❄
✾ ✼ ✪
❋
✕ ❭ ✹ ❝ ✯
✒ ❭ ✴ ✸
♦
✯ ✻
❪
✽ ✾ ✮ ❀ ❀ ❉ ❃ ✬
❫
✤ ✽ ✻ ✾
◆
r ✭ ✙
✻ ✪
❩
✽ ✻ ✾
❙
✦ ✪
❩
✻ ✬
❫
✤ ✽ ❉ ✮ ❉ ❉ ❃ ❀
❪
✻ ❬ ✽ ✻ ✾ ✾ ✾ ✦ ✪
❩
✽ ✻ ✾
❚
❩
✪
❩
✻ ✼ ■ ✤ ✽ ❀ ✮ ❀ ✾ ❉ ✿ ✬
❫
✤
✻ ■ ✥ ✬ ✽
❇
✮
❅
❃ ✿ ❬ ✖
❲ ♦
✯
✻ ■ ✥ ✬ ✽ ❉ ★ ✧ ✽ ❃ ✫ ✧ ✽ ✻ ❀ ❃ ✘
❴
✽ ❀
❇
✻ ✣ ✙
❩
✻ ❏ ✽ ✿ ✾ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✽
❇
✮ ✿ ✼ ✢
✻ ✣ ✙
❩
✽ ✻ ✿ ✮
❇ ❄
✦ ✪
❩
✻ r ✽ ❀ ❉ ❏ ✽ ✻ ❉ ❉ ✾ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✽ ❃ ✿ ✮ ❉ ✼ ✢
✻ ✤ ✧
❩
✽ ✻
❅
❀ ❃ ✣ ✙
❩
✽ ❀ ❃ ✮
❇
❀ ❬ ✽ ❀ ✮ ❃
❇
❀ ❊ ✻ ✾
❘
✦ ✪
❩
✻ ✭ ✽
❇
✿ ❁ ✮ ❀ ❉ r ✽
❇
✻ ✮ ❁ ✿
P
✢
✔ ✺ ✯ ✯ ✶ ✡ ✹✯ ❍ ❍ ✸ ✹ ✯
✻ ✼ ✪ ❏
➊ ●
✽ ✾ ✮ ❀
❅ ❅
❃ ✪ ✢
➊ ●
✽ ✾ ✮ ✿ ❀ ✻ ❁ ✪ ✣ ❏
➊ ●
✻
❵
✥ ✽ ✻
❪
✪
➊ ❋
✻ ✪ ✣ ❏
➊ ●
✽ ✾ ✮ ❉ ❉
❅
✾ ✪ ✢
➊ ●
✽ ✻ ✮ ✿ ✾
❄
✼ ✪ ❏
➊ ●
✻
❫
✥ ✜ ✽ ✻ ✾ ✾ ✼
❵
✥
✻ ✪ ✣ ❏
➊ ●
✽ ✻ ✮ ❉ ✿
❅
✤ ✧ ✢
➊ ●
✻ ✥ ✧ ✪ ✽ ✻ ✾ ✻ ✮
❇
❀ ❁ ✼
❵
✥ ✽ ✻ ✮ ✾ ✻
❇
❀ ❁
❫
✥ ✜
▼ ✵ ✱ ✰ ✯ ✲
❲
❝ ✕
❲
✯ ✴ ✶ ✻ ✥ ✧ ✪ ✽ ✻ ❉ ✮
❅
✬
❫
✤
❱
✣ ✙
❋
✽
❅
✿ ✾ ✪ ✪
❛
■
✻ ❜ ✽ ✻ ✾
➊ ❘
❞ ✽ ❀
❄
✮
❄
✣ ✙
❛
■ ✽
❇ ❇
✮ ❃ ✤ ✧
❛
❋
❢
✻ ❞ ✽ ✻
❣ ❫
✪
➊ ❋
✽ ✻ ✾
❘
❜ ✻ ✬
❫
✤ ✣ ✙
➊ ❋
✽ ✿ ✮ ❃
❄
❁ ✼
❵
✥
✻ ✧ ✘ ✜ ✜ ✽ ✻ ✪ ✪
❛
■ ✽ ✻
❇ ❇
✮
❇
❀
❵
✥
✷   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❊ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✟ ✠
✶ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✶ ✑ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✢ ✛ ✙ ✣ ✑ ✜ ✤ ✒ ✥ ✥ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫ ✚
✶ ✬ ✭ ✩ ✒ ✮ ✔ ✶ ✯ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✰ ✮ ✥ ✔ ✰ ✏
✶ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✒ ✶ ✔ ✓ ✥ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✶ ✔
✱
✯ ✕
✲
✶ ✦
➊ ✸
❇
★
✳
✶
❇
★
✳ ✴ ✵ ✹
✺ ✻
✒ ✶ ✰ ✔ ✥ ✯ ✏
✶ ✼ ✭ ★
✴
✒ ✶ ✦ ✶ ✔ ✓
✱
✥ ✗ ✶ ✏ ✒ ✶ ✔ ✓ ✮ ✶
✲
✶ ✦
✺ ✸
✑ ✜
✶ ✼ ✭ ★
✴
✒
✱
✮ ✔
✱
✶ ✰ ✬ ✭ ✩ ✒ ✦ ✔ ✰ ✓ ✰ ✕ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✧ ✫ ✚
✶
❇
★
✳
✒ ✰ ✰ ✯ ✧ ★ ✩ ✪ ✒
✱
✥
✱
✬ ✭ ✩ ✒ ✶ ✦ ✥ ✮ ✔ ✓ ✥ ✗
❚ ✽ ✟ ✠ ✾ ✿ ❀ ❁✌ ✞ ❂ ❃ ❄ ❅❆ ❈ ❆ ❅ ☛
✶ ✛
❉
✒ ✶ ✔ ✕ ✦
✱ ✲
✶ ✦
✺ ✻
❋
✗ ✶ ✏
✴
✺ ✻
❑
✺ ✻
✒ ✕ ✔
●
✓ ✯
❇
★
✳ ✵ ✹
✫ ✑ ✧ ★
❍
■ ❏
✶
✳
❝
❍
✒
●
✓ ✶ ✔ ✥ ✦ ✖ ✛
❉
✶
❇
★
✳ ✵ ✹
✫ ✑ ✧ ★
❍
■ ❏
✒ ✦ ✔ ✶ ✮ ✮ ✶ ✏ ✫
✴ ❑
✶ ✛ ✙
▲
✒ ✶ ✦
✺ ▼
✗
◆ ☞ ☞ ❊ ❖◗ ❘ ❙ ◆ ❯
❱ ◆ ❚ ❲ ❊ ❱ ◆ ❚ ❘ ❁ ◆ ❳ ❨ ❩ ❬ ❱ ❭ ❳ ◆ ❊
❪ ✟ ✌ ✾ ✟ ❅ ✠ ☛
❫✵
✙ ✬ ✩ ✛ ✘ ✧ ✙ ✭
❴ ✵ ✳
✚ ✙
❵
✬
✵
✙ ✬
✳ ✴
✧ ✛ ✙ ✛
✹
✬ ✛ ✒
✱ ❛ r ❜
✭ ✙ ✛ ✭ ✒
❛ r
❍
❞ ✜ ✑ ✛ ✙ ✛ ✘ ✧ ✙ ✭
❴ ✵ ✳
✚
r
❡ ✭ ✙ ✛ ✭ ✒ ✮
❛ r
❍
❜
✈ ✘ ✩
✳ ✴
✛ ✒
4
3
3
❢ r
❣
✵ ▲
✑ ★ ✬
✵
✙ ✬
✳
✩ ✭ ✙ ✬ ❤ ✩
✵ ✹ ❴
✛ ✙ ✘ ✧ ✙ ✭
❴ ✵ ✳
✚
r
✭
✹ ❴
✑ ✛
✵ ▲
✑ ★ ✐ ❡ ✭ ✙ ✛ ✭ ✒
✱ ❛ r
❍
❥
✱ ❛ r
✐ ❦
✈ ✘ ✩
✳ ✴
✛ ✒
hr2
❧
❦
♠ ✙
✵
✭
✹ ▲
✩ ✛ ✘ ✧ ✪ ✭ ✚ ✛ ♥ ✭
✹ ❴
✭ ✩ ★
✵
★
✳ ❴
✛ ✐ ✔
✭ ✙ ✛ ✭ ✒
1
2
♥ ✐
♦ ❃ ✿ ❂ ✠ ✿ ❅ ❆ ❄ ❨ ✌ ✠✾ ❃ ❀ ✿
♣ ✧ ♥ q
❍
s t q s ❝ ✉ ✦ ✇
★ ✑ ✛
✹
2
42 acbbx
❾➧❾
①
❚ ✠❆ ✡ ✌ ✞ ✌ ✾ ✟ ❅ ✠❆ ❄ ❨ ❃ ✞ ❄ ❅ ❆ ✌ ✞
②
✌
③
◆ ✞ ✡ ❀ ✟
④
④
⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧ ⑨ ⑤
⑩ ❶
⑦ ⑧ ⑨
⑩
⑤ ❷ ⑧ ⑧ ⑤ ⑧
❸ ❹
❺ ❺
❸ ❹
❹ ❸
❺ ❺
❹ ❸
❻ ❻
❻ ❻
❻ ❻
❼ ❼
❼ ❼
❼ ❼
☞ ☛ ❅✽ ✿ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✿ ✞ ❚ ✽ ✟ ✌ ✠ ✟ ✾
♣
✹
★ ✑
✵
✚ ✙
✵ ▲
✑ ★ ★ ✙
✵
✭
✹ ▲
✩ ✛ ✇ ✭
❍
❥ ✪
❍
✒ ✬
❍
❽ ❿ ➀ ➁ ➂ ➃ ➁ ➄
❚ ✠❆ ✿ ✞ ✡ ❀ ✟
②
➅
✹ ▲
✩ ✛ ✚ ✭ ✙ ✛ ➆ ➇ ➈ ➇ ➉
➋
✜ ✜ ✘ ✚
✵
★ ✛ ✚
✵ ❴
✛ ✚ ✭ ✙ ✛ ♥ ➇ t ➇ ❝
➅
✹ ▲
✩ ✛ ✚ ➆ s ➈ s ➉ ✒ ✶ ✯ ✦
➌
➍
➎
➏
➐
➑
➒ ➓ ➔ →➓ ➔ →➓ ➔ →
➣➣
❝
❍
✒ ✭
❍
❥ ✪
❍
↔
✱
♥ t ✬ ✘ ✚ ➉
↕ ➙
★ ✛ ✙
✵
✘ ✙ ✭
✹ ▲
✩ ✛
➛
✉ ➆ s ➉
❽ ❿ ➀ ➁ ➂ ➃➁➜
✷   ✁❆ ✂ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟
❋ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌☛✍
▼ ✎ ✏✑ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✖ ✗ ✔ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✎ ✙ ✛ ✗ ✜ ✓ ✢ ✣ ✖ ✚
❂ ❡ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✧ ★
✩ ❡ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✧ ★ ✦ ✪ ✪ ✫ ♦ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✦ ✯ ❡ ✧ ✰
⑦ ✭ ★ ✯ ✐ ❡ ♦ ✫ ❞ ❡ ✫ ♦ ✱ ✮ ✦ ✲ ✳ ✭ ✯ ✥ ❞ ❡ ♦ ✱
✴
✭ ★ ✳ ♦ ✯ ❡ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✧ ✯ ♦
✵
✭ ★ ✭ ❞ ❡ ✳ ✯ ✭
✶
✦ ✧ ✯ ♦
✸
✭ ★ ❞ ❡ ✱ ✭ ✳ ❡ ❞ ✦ ★
❃
✭ ★ ✲ ✫ ❡ ✦ ✯ ❡ ✫ ✯ ✐ ✦ ✳
✹ ❃ ❃
✭ ★ ✮ ✥
✶
✐ ✲ ✫ ❡ ✦ ✯ ❡ ✫ ✯ ✐ ✦ ✳
✺
❁
✭ ★ ✧ ❡ ★ ★ ✯ ✐ ✦ ✳
✹ ❁ ❁
✭ ★ ✮ ✥
✶
✐ ✧ ❡ ★ ★ ✯ ✐ ✦ ✳
✺
✻
✭ ★ ✲ ✫ ❡ ✦ ✯ ❡ ✫ ✯ ✐ ✦ ✳ ♦ ✫ ❡ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✧ ✯ ♦
✹
♦ ✫
✸
✭ ★ ✳ ♦ ✧ ❡ ★ ★
✯ ✐ ✦ ✳
✺
✼
✭ ★ ✧ ❡ ★ ★ ✯ ✐ ✦ ✳ ♦ ✫ ❡ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✧ ✯ ♦
✹
♦ ✫
✸
✭ ★ ✳ ♦ ✮ ♦ ✫ ❡
✯ ✐ ✦ ✳
✺
➧
✪ ✧ ✥ ★ ♦ ✫ ✮ ✭ ✳ ✥ ★
✽
✭ ★ ✪ ✫ ♦ ✪ ♦ ✫ ✯ ✭ ♦ ✳ ✦ ✧ ✯ ♦
✾
✯ ✐ ❡ ★ ✥ ✮ ♦ ✱
①
♦ ✫
❁ ✿ ❃
♦ ✫
✿
❛ ❀
✯ ✐ ❡ ✦
❄
❡ ✫ ✦ ✲ ❡
❄
✦ ✧ ✥ ❡ ♦ ✱
✿
❚ ❅ ✔ ✘ ✣ ✙ ✣ ✓ ✒ ✏❅ ✔ ✕ ❇ ✛ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✔ ✒ ✚
★ ✭ ✳
✹ s ❈
❉
➊ ✺ ❊ ✶
♦ ★
✶
♦ ★
✹ s ❈
❉
➊ ✺ ❊
★ ✭ ✳
★ ✭ ✳
● ✶
♦ ★
❊
✯ ✦ ✳
★ ✭ ✳
❍
■
✶
♦ ★
❍
❊
❏
★ ❡
✶
❍
➊
✯ ✦ ✳
❍
❊
❏
✶
★
✶
❍
➊ ✶
♦ ✯
❍
❊
❏
★ ✭ ✳ ❑
❊
❑ ★ ✭ ✳
✶
♦ ★
✶
♦ ★ ❑
❊ ✶
♦ ★
❍
➊
★ ✭ ✳
❍
❊
❑
✶
♦ ★
❍
➊
❏
❊
❏
➊
❑ ★ ✭ ✳
❍
▲
★ ✭ ✳
✹ ◆ ✺ ❊
★ ✭ ✳
✶
♦ ★
◆ ✶
♦ ★ ★ ✭ ✳
✶
♦ ★
✹ ◆ ✺ ❊ ✶
♦ ★
✶
♦ ★
❖
★ ✭ ✳ ★ ✭ ✳
✯ ✦ ✳
✹ ◆ ✺ ❊
P◗
P◗
t ❘ ❙t ❘ ❙
t ❘ ❙t ❘ ❙
❯ ❱
❲
❳
★ ✭ ✳
◆
★ ✭ ✳
( ) ( )
❨ ❨
❩ ❬ ❭ ♥ ❝ ❪ ❬
❩ ❩
ab ab=± m
✶
♦ ★
❫
■
✶
♦ ★
❴ ❵ ❴ ❵ ❜❢❜❢ ❣
❤
❥
❦ ❧ ♠
❤
❥
❦ ❧ ♠
❤
♣q
✶
♦ ★
➊ ✶
♦ ★
r ✉ r ✉ ✈✇✈ ② ✇❾
❳
③
④
⑤
⑥ ⑧
❙
④
⑤
⑥ ⑧
❙
④
⑨
✔ ✙ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✎ ✖ ❚ ✑ ✒ ✣ ❅ ✒ ✓
⑩ ❶❷❸ ❸ ❸ ❸ ❸ ❹
❺ ❻
❷ ⑩ ❶
❼
❹
❼
❺
❶
❼
❷
❶⑩ ❷❶ ❹
❽
❽
❿
➀➁
➂
➁➃➄➃
➅ ➆➇➈ ➈ ➈ ➈ ➈ ➉
➋ ➌
➇ ➅ ➆➍ ➉ ➍
➋
➆
➍ ➇
➆➅ ➇➆ ➉
➎
➎
➏
➐➑
➑
➑➒➓
➔
→
➣ ↔ ↕
✣ ✙ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✎ ✖
➣ ↔ ↕
✎ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✣ ✙
❸ ❸ ❸ ❸ ❸
❺ ➙
❷
❺ ❻
❷
❷❶➛
➜
❽
➝
➁➁➁➁➄
➞
✣ ✘ ✎ ❅ ✔ ✏✑ ✓ ✔ ✕
➣ ↔ ↕
✎ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✣ ✙
➟ ➠
➡ ➢
➤ ➤
➥ ➦ ➨
➤
➩ ① ➫ ➭ ① ➯ ① ➩ ① ➯ ➲ ➲ ➲ ➲ ➲ ① ➳
➤
➵ ➸
❚ ❅ ✔ ✘ ✣ ✙ ✣ ✓ ✒ ✏❅ ✔ ✕
➣ ↔ ↕
✎ ✙ ✚ ✔ ✣ ✙
➺
▲ ✔ ✙ ❅✎ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✙ ✚
➻
➼ ➼ ➼ ➼ ➼
➽ ➾
➚
➪
➶➹ ➘ ➴
➼ ➼ ➼ ➼ ➼
➷ ➬➷ ➚
➽ ➶
➮ ➱ ✃
➼ ➼ ➼ ➼ ➼
➷
➾
➷
➪
➶
✃
❐ ➴
❒❮
❰Ï
❒❮
ÐÑÑ
ÐÑÐ
ÐÑÐ
ÒÒ
ÒÒ
ÒÒ
Ò
ÒÒ
ÒÒ
Ó
❅ ✣ ✛
Ô
✕ ✏✚ ✣
Õ Ö
✒ ✕ ✏ ✣ ❅✚
×
❡ ✯
Ø Ø Ø
i,  j k and 
Ù
❡ ✥ ✳ ✭ ✯
❄
❡
✶
✯ ♦ ✫ ★ ✭ ✳ ✯ ✐ ❡
✿ Ú Û
✦ ✳ ❞
Ü
❞ ✭ ✫ ❡
✶
✯ ✭ ♦ ✳ ★ Ý Þ ✐ ❡ ✳
Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø Ø
ii  jj kk ,   ij  j k kiß ß ß ß ß ß== = 1 = == 0
ji k  , ik j  , k j i   ,kkj j  i i
àà à àà à àà àà àà à à à
= = =0 === áááááá
â ✳ ✰
❄
❡
✶
✯ ♦ ✫
✎
ã ✭ ✯ ✐
✶
♦ ✮ ✪ ♦ ✳ ❡ ✳ ✯ ★ ä
å
✸
ä
æ
✸
✦ ✳ ❞ ä
ç
✦ ✧ ♦ ✳ ✲ ✯ ✐ ❡
✿ Ú Û Ú
✦ ✳ ❞
Ü
✦ ✬ ❡ ★
✶
✦ ✳
Ù
❡ ã ✫ ✭ ✯ ✯ ❡ ✳
✸
ai + j + k= aaaxyz
è è è
✷   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
▲ ✞ ✟ ❛ ✠ ✡ ✥ ☛ ☞ ❝ ✌ ✞ ✥ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✟ ✥ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✞ ✒ ✟ ✓ ✍ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✟ ✖
♠ ✥ ✗ ☛ ✎ ✟ ✘ ☞ ✞ ✔ ✙ ✱ ❜ ✥ ☛ ☞ ✚ ✳ ✛ ✖ ✞ ☛
✭ ✜ ✭ ✜ ✭ ✜
ab c a b a c× ✢ × ✰ ×+
( a) b a ( b) (a b)ss s✣ ✤ ✣ ✤ ✣
✦
✔ ✎ ✔ ✥ ✔ ✒ ✥
✧
✥ ✍
★
▲ ✞ ✟ ✩ ✌ ✞ ✟ ✖ ✞ ✔ ♠ ✥
✧ ✧
✞ ✍ ✓ ✪ ✟ ✖ ✞ ✟ ✕ ✓ ✥ ☛ ✗
✧
✞ ✔
✌ ✞ ✟ ✕ ✞ ✞ ☛ ❛ ✥ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✳ ✛ ✖ ✞ ☛
✫✬ ✮ ✯✲ ✴✴ ✲✴ ✲✴ ✲
③ ③② ②① ①
❂✵✵❂✶ ❂✶ ✸ ✹✹ ✸
✺s✻ ✼✽ ✾✿❀ ❁❃
() () ()
❼ ❼ ❼
❼ ❼ ❼
❄ ❅ ❆
❄ ❅ ❆
❅ ❆ ❅ ❆ ❆ ❄ ❆ ❄ ❄ ❅ ❄ ❅
❇ ❇ ❇
❈ ❈ ❈
❇ ❈ ❈ ❇ ❇ ❈ ❈ ❇ ❇ ❈ ❈ ❇
´= -´=
=- +- +-
✐ ❉ ❦
❊ ❋ ❋ ❊
✐ ❉ ❦
✸
●
❍
✹
■ ❏ ❑ ▼
✹
●
◆ ❏ ■
✸
❑ ▼ ❏
●
◆
✸
■
✹
❑
✸
■ ◆
✹
■ ❏ ❑ ▼ ❍
✸
●
❏ ❑
✹
➊ ◆
✸
●
✹
❑ ❏
❖ ◗ ◗ ❘ ❙❚ ❯ ❱ ❖ ❲
❳
❯ ❚ ❘
❨
❯
❩
❘ ❚
❬
❙❯
❭ ❳
❖ ❲ ❪ ❫
❳
❴ ❵ ❞
❳
❯ ❚ ❞ ❡ ❢ ❣ ❞ ❤
❬
❥ ❢ ❧♥ ❞ ♦ ♣ ❡ ❞ ♥ ♥ ❞ ❤ ❢ ❥
❳
❯ q ❛ ♥ ❞
❬
❥ ❢ ❧♥
✷   ✁❆ ✂ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟
✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✥ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏✑ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✖✗ ✘ ✑ ✖✙ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✛ ✑ ✜ ✢ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✎ ✗
✠ ✡ ☛ ✤ ✥ ❙ ✣ ✎ ✥ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏✑ ✒ ✎ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✖✗ ✎ ✦ ✚ ✏✎ ✗ ✗ ✎ ✓ ✧ ★ ✣ ✎ ✜ ✕ ✗ ❙ ✩ ✥ ✌ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✖✗ ✘ ✑ ✖ ✙ ✗ ✚ ✎ ✛ ✑ ✜ ✢ ✕ ✜ ✣ ✎ ✗
✷   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❆ ✞ ✞ ✟ ✠✡ ☛ ☞ ❆ ✌
●
✟ ✠✟
✍
❆
✎ ● ✏
☛ ✡ ✟
✎
☛ ✠✟
✑ ✒ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✑
☛ ✠
● ✑ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✓ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✍
✞
✗ ✔ ✑
☛
✘
❆
✎ ✙ ✏
❆ ✠
✚
☛
✚
☛ ✟
✑ ✛ ✘ ✗
✟
✕
☛
✘
❆
✎
✟
✎
✟
✕
✟ ✠
✚ ✑
❆ ✠ ✡ ✠
✏ ✘✎
☛ ✡ ✟
✑
⑨ ❙ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✧ ✤ ★ ✩ ✪ ✜ ✦ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✥ ✮ ✯ ✭ ✰ ✱ ✫ ✱ ✫ ✲ ✦ ✭ ★ ✲ ✰ ✤ ★ ✢ ✭ ✥ ✥ ✜ ✦ ✫ ✰ ✳ ✥ ✲ ✥ ✲ ✱ ✱ ✲ ★ ✦ ✭ ✰ ✴ ✩ ★ ✫ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✴ ✫ ✰ ✫ ✱ ✭ ✥ ✫ ✬ ✵ ✤ ★ ✦ ✥ ✤ ✩ ✫ ✰ ✳ ✶ ✱ ✜ ✩ ✲ ✸
❍ ✤ ✹ ✲ ✺ ✲ ★ ✻ ✫ ✰ ✬ ✭ ✦ ✲ ✤ ✧ ✱ ✪ ✲ ✱ ✹ ✤ ✥ ✲ ✱ ✱ ✲ ★ ✦ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✻ ✭ ✩ ✩ ✲ ✭ ★ ✫ ✰ ✳ ✭ ✦ ✭ ✧ ✭ ✬ ✱ ✤ ★ ✫ ✰ ✭ ✩ ★ ✤ ✴ ✯ ✬ ✱ ✻ ✦ ✤ ✢ ✲ ✦ ✩ ✭ ✬ ✫ ✰ ✳ ✫ ✦
✰ ✲ ✬ ✲ ✦ ✦ ✭ ★ ✜ ✱ ✤ ✦ ✲ ✩ ✭ ★ ✭ ✱ ✲ ✱ ✪ ✫ ✦ ✦ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✧ ★ ✤ ✢ ✤ ✱ ✪ ✲ ★ ✦ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✸
⑨ ✼ ✣ ✣ ★ ✲ ✺ ✫ ✭ ✱ ✫ ✤ ✰ ✦ ✻ ✫ ✸ ✲ ✸ ✻ ✦ ✪ ✤ ★ ✱ ✲ ✰ ✲ ✴ ✧ ✤ ★ ✢ ✦ ✤ ✧ ✰ ✭ ✢ ✲ ✦ ✤ ★ ✲ ✽ ✩ ★ ✲ ✦ ✦ ✫ ✤ ✰ ✦ ✻ ✦ ✯ ✬ ✪ ✭ ✦ ✩ ✸ ✲ ✸ ✧ ✤ ★ ✩ ✤ ✱ ✲ ✰ ✱ ✫ ✭ ✥ ✲ ✰ ✲ ★ ✳ ✜ ✻
✭ ★ ✲ ✰ ✤ ✱ ✯ ✦ ✲ ✴ ✫ ✰ ✩ ✪ ✜ ✦ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✥ ✲ ✮ ✯ ✭ ✱ ✫ ✤ ✰ ✦ ✸ ❛ ✪ ✲ ✦ ✲ ✭ ✣ ✣ ★ ✲ ✺ ✫ ✭ ✱ ✫ ✤ ✰ ✦ ✫ ✰ ✱ ✪ ✲ ✱ ✲ ✽ ✱ ✭ ★ ✲ ✹ ★ ✫ ✱ ✱ ✲ ✰ ✫ ✰ ✤ ★ ✴ ✫ ✰ ✭ ★ ✜
✰ ✤ ★ ✢ ✭ ✥ ♥ ★ ✤ ✢ ✭ ✰ ✵ ✯ ✩ ★ ✫ ✳ ✪ ✱ ✶ ✱ ✜ ✩ ✲ ✸
⑨ ❱ ✲ ✬ ✱ ✤ ★ ✦ ✭ ★ ✲ ✩ ★ ✫ ✰ ✱ ✲ ✴ ✫ ✰ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✴ ✭ ✰ ✴ ✰ ✤ ★ ✢ ✭ ✥ ♥ ★ ✤ ✢ ✭ ✰ ✵ ✯ ✩ ★ ✫ ✳ ✪ ✱ ✶ ✱ ✜ ✩ ✲ ✸ ❍ ✤ ✹ ✲ ✺ ✲ ★ ✻ ✫ ✰ ✬ ✥ ✭ ✦ ✦ ★ ✤ ✤ ✢ ✦ ✫ ✱ ✯ ✭ ✱ ✫ ✤ ✰ ✦ ✻
✺ ✲ ✬ ✱ ✤ ★ ✦ ✢ ✭ ✜ ✣ ✲ ✫ ✰ ✴ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✱ ✲ ✴ ✣ ✜ ✭ ✰ ✭ ★ ★ ✤ ✹ ✤ ✰ ✱ ✪ ✲ ✱ ✤ ✩ ✤ ✧ ✱ ✪ ✲ ✦ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✥ ✸
⑨ ▼ ✯ ✥ ✱ ✫ ✩ ✥ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✱ ✫ ✤ ✰ ✤ ★ ✩ ★ ✤ ✴ ✯ ✬ ✱ ✤ ✧ ✱ ✹ ✤ ✩ ✪ ✜ ✦ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✥ ✮ ✯ ✭ ✰ ✱ ✫ ✱ ✫ ✲ ✦ ✫ ✦ ✹ ★ ✫ ✱ ✱ ✲ ✰ ✹ ✫ ✱ ✪ ✦ ✤ ✢ ✲ ✦ ✩ ✭ ✬ ✫ ✰ ✳ ✣ ✲ ✱ ✹ ✲ ✲ ✰ ✱ ✪ ✲ ✢ ✸
❉ ✫ ✺ ✫ ✦ ✫ ✤ ✰ ✤ ✧ ✤ ✰ ✲ ✩ ✪ ✜ ✦ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✥ ✮ ✯ ✭ ✰ ✱ ✫ ✱ ✜ ✣ ✜ ✭ ✰ ✤ ✱ ✪ ✲ ★ ✢ ✭ ✜ ✣ ✲ ✫ ✰ ✴ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✱ ✲ ✴ ✹ ✫ ✱ ✪ ✭ ✪ ✤ ★ ✫ ✾ ✤ ✰ ✱ ✭ ✥ ✣ ✭ ★ ✤ ★ ✹ ✫ ✱ ✪
✿ ❀ ❁ ❂ ❃ ❀ ❄ ❅ ❅ ❂ ❁ ❄ ❃ r ❇ ❄
✷    ❆ ✁ ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✂ ✞
s ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ s ✌ ✍ s ✠ ✍ s ✎ ✟ ✏ ✍ s ✎ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✟ ✒ ✠ ✡ ✓ ☞ ✔ s ✑ ✏ ✟ ✕ ✔ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✕ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✟ ✏ ✒ ✚ ✛ ✏ ✡ ✑ ✡ ✜ ✢ ✡ ✑ ✍ s ✍ ✣ ✏ ✟ ☛ ☞ ✤ ✑ ✟ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✔
✜ ☞ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✟ ✏ ✍ ✜ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✡ ✜ ♥ ✔ ✏ s ✔ ✥ ✡ ✏ s ✑ ✣ ✟ ✛ ✔ ✏ ✟ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✜ ✟ ✖ ✡ ✜ ✍ ✑ ✟ ✏ ✌ ☞ s ✡ ✜ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✍ ✤ ✕ ✔ ✑ s ✍ ✑ ✍ ✣ ✣ ✏ ✟ ✣ ✏ ✡ ✍ ✑ ✔
✣ ✠ ✍ ✤ ✔ s ✑ ✟ ✤ ✠ ✔ ✍ ✏ ✠ ✚ ☛ ✡ s ✑ ✡ ✜ ✢ ☞ ✡ s ✎ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✛ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✜ ☞ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✍ ✑ ✟ ✏ ✍ ✜ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✜ ✟ ✖ ✡ ✜ ✍ ✑ ✟ ✏ ✳
⑨ ❙ ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ s ✥ ✟ ✏ ✤ ✎ ✔ ✖ ✡ ✤ ✍ ✠ ✔ ✠ ✔ ✖ ✔ ✜ ✑ s ✍ ✏ ✔ ✛ ✏ ✡ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✜ ✡ ✜ ✜ ✟ ✏ ✖ ✍ ✠ ✘ ✏ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✜ ✗ ☞ ✣ ✏ ✡ ✢ ✎ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✚ ✣ ✔ ✳ ✦ ✎ ✔ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✡ s
✜ ✟ ✑ ✥ ✟ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✛ ✔ ☛ ✒ ✚ ✍ ✥ ☞ ✠ ✠ s ✑ ✟ ✣ ✳
❋ ✟ ✏ ✔ ✧ ✍ ✖ ✣ ✠ ✔ ✌ ★ ✍ ✌ ★ ✌ ✩ ✌ ✩ ✔ ✌ ✪ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✤ ✳
⑨ ✦ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✤ ✎ ✔ ☛ ✜ ☞ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✍ ✠ s s ✣ ✔ ✤ ✡ ✥ ✚ ✡ ✜ ✢ ✍ ✜ ☞ ✤ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✍ ✏ ✔ ✣ ✠ ✍ ✤ ✔ ☛ ✍ s ✍ ✠ ✔ ✥ ✑ s ☞ ✒ s ✤ ✏ ✡ ✣ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✑ ✟ ✖ ✡ ✤ ✜ ☞ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✙
✍ ✜ ☛ s ☞ ✣ ✔ ✏ s ✤ ✏ ✡ ✣ ✑ ✗ ✖ ✍ s s ✜ ☞ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✙ ✳
❋ ✟ ✏ ✔ ✧ ✍ ✖ ✣ ✠ ✔ ✌ ✍ ✪ ✫ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✜ ☞ ✤ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✔ ✡ s ✔ ✧ ✣ ✏ ✔ s s ✔ ☛ ✍ s
92
235 U
✗ ✛ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✔ ✧ ✣ ✏ ✔ s s ✡ ✜ ✢ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✖ ✍ s s ✜ ☞ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✏
✍ ✜ ☛
❛
✬ ✍ s ✑ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✑ ✟ ✖ ✡ ✤ ✜ ☞ ✖ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✟ ✥ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✜ ✡ ☞ ✖ ✛ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✤ ✎ ✔ ✖ ✡ ✤ ✍ ✠ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✪ ✙ ✳
⑨ ✦ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✡ ✢ ✎ ✑ s ☞ ✣ ✔ ✏ s ✤ ✏ ✡ ✣ ✑ ✣ ✟ s ✡ ✑ ✡ ✟ ✜ ✡ s ☞ s ✔ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✥ ✏ ✔ ✓ ☞ ✡ ✏ ✔ ☛ ✌ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✜ ☛ ✡ ✤ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✜ ✢ ✍ s ✑ ✍ ✑ ✔ ✟ ✥ ✡ ✟ ✜ ✡ s ✍ ✑ ✡ ✟ ✜ ✗ ✡ ✜
✤ ✍ s ✔ ✟ ✥ ✡ ✟ ✜ s ✙ ✳
❋ ✟ ✏ ✔ ✧ ✍ ✖ ✣ ✠ ✔ ✌ ★ ✍
✯✰
✌
❾ ✸
✹
P ✱
✲ ✴ ✴ ✵ ✶✺ ✻ ✼ ✲ ✽
●
✵ ✶✵
✾
✲
✿ ● ❀
✻ ✺ ✵
✿
✻ ✶✵
❁ ❂ ❃ ✾ ❀ ❁
✻ ✶
● ❁ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❃ ✿ ❁ ❂ ❃ ✾ ❁
✻
❀
✶ ✻
❈ ❁ ❉ ❁ ❃ ❅
✵
❃ ❈ ❊
✵
✾ ❀
✶ ✻
❈ ❁ ❉
✲ ✶✺
❁
✻ ✴
✾
✵
❂
✻ ✼ ✵
❁
⑨ ❙ ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ s ✥ ✟ ✏ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ s ✟ ✥ ✣ ✎ ✚ s ✡ ✤ ✍ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✍ ✜ ✑ ✡ ✑ ✡ ✔ s ✍ ✏ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✡ ✜ ✑ ✔ ☛ ✘ ✛ ✏ ✡ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✜ ✡ ✜
❍
✟ ✏ ✖ ✍ ✠ ✘
■
✟ ✖ ✍ ✜ ✗ ☞ ✣ ✏ ✡ ✢ ✎ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✚ ✣ ✔ ✳
⑨ ❙ ✑ ✍ ✜ ☛ ✍ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✜ ☛ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✟ ✖ ✖ ✔ ✜ ☛ ✔ ☛ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ s ✥ ✟ ✏ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ s ✍ ✏ ✔ ✛ ✏ ✡ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✜ ✡ ✜ ✠ ✟ ✛ ✔ ✏ ✤ ✍ s ✔ ✏ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✜ ✗ ☞ ✣ ✏ ✡ ✢ ✎ ✑ ✙
✑ ✚ ✣ ✔ ✌ s ✑ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✡ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✡ ✑ ✎ s ✖ ✍ ✠ ✠ ✠ ✔ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✏ s ✳ ✦ ✎ ✔ s ✎ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✔ ✏ ☛ ✔ s ✡ ✢ ✜ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✟ ✜ s ✥ ✟ ✏ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ s s ☞ ✤ ✎ ✍ s ✕ ✢ ✌ ✖ ✌ s ✌ ✤ ☛ ✌
✔ ✑ ✤ ✳ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✔ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ s ✍ ✜ ☛ ✜ ✟ ✑ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✍ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✔ ♥ ✡ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✟ ✜ s ✳ ✦ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ ✜ ✍ ✖ ✔ s ✍ ✏ ✔ ✜ ✔ ♥ ✔ ✏ ✤ ✍ ✣ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✠ ✡ s ✔ ☛ ✳ ✩ ✟ ✛ ✔ ♥ ✔ ✏ ✌
✑ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ s ✍ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✍ ✣ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✠ ✡ s ✔ ☛ ✟ ✜ ✠ ✚ ✡ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✔ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✍ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ ✡ s ☛ ✔ ✏ ✡ ♥ ✔ ☛ ✥ ✏ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✣ ✏ ✟ ✣ ✔ ✏ ✜ ✍ ✖ ✔
✟ ✥ s ✤ ✡ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✡ s ✑ ✌ ✒ ✔ ✢ ✡ ✜ ✜ ✡ ✜ ✢ ✛ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✤ ✍ ✣ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✠ ✌ ✜ ✟ ✏ ✖ ✍ ✠ ✘ ✏ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✜ ✠ ✔ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✳
❋ ✟ ✏ ✔ ✧ ✍ ✖ ✣ ✠ ✔ ✌ ✖ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ ❏ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✏ ✔ ❑ ✌ ☛ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ ❏ ☛ ✍ ✚ ❑ ✌ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ ❏ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✟ s ✣ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✡ ✤
✣ ✏ ✔ s s ☞ ✏ ✔ ❑ ✌ ✩ ❡ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ ❏ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✑ ❡ ❑ ✌ ▲ ✒ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ ❏ ✛ ✔ ✒ ✔ ✏ ❑ ✌ ▼ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ ❏ ◆ ✟ ☞ ✠ ✔ ❑ ✌ ❖ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑
❏ ✍ ✖ ✣ ✔ ✏ ✔ ❑ ✌ ◗ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ ❏ ♥ ✟ ✠ ✑ ❑ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✤ ✳ ✦ ✎ ✔ s ✡ ✜ ✢ ✠ ✔ ✔ ✧ ✤ ✔ ✣ ✑ ✡ ✟ ✜ ✡ s ❘ ✌ ✛ ✎ ✡ ✤ ✎ ✡ s ✑ ✎ ✔ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✔
☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ ❏ ✠ ✡ ✑ ✏ ✔ ❑ ✳ ✦ ✎ ✡ s ✔ ✧ ✤ ✔ ✣ ✑ ✡ ✟ ✜ ✡ s ✖ ✍ ☛ ✔ ✑ ✟ ✍ ♥ ✟ ✡ ☛ ✤ ✟ ✜ ✥ ☞ s ✡ ✟ ✜ ✟ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✠ ✟ ✛ ✔ ✏ ✤ ✍ s ✔ ✠ ✔ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✠ ✛ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✑ ✎ ✔
❖ ✏ ✍ ✒ ✡ ✤ ✜ ☞ ✖ ✔ ✏ ✍ ✠ ✠ ✳
⑨ ❙ ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ s ✥ ✟ ✏ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ s ☛ ✟ ✜ ✟ ✑ ✤ ✟ ✜ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✜ ✍ ✜ ✚ ✥ ✡ ✜ ✍ ✠ ✥ ☞ ✠ ✠ s ✑ ✟ ✣ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✜ ☛ ✟ ✥ ✏ ✔ ✤ ✟ ✖ ✖ ✔ ✜ ☛ ✔ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✍ ✜ ☛
✏ ✔ ✖ ✍ ✡ ✜ ☞ ✜ ✍ ✠ ✑ ✔ ✏ ✔ ☛ ✡ ✜ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✣ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✍ ✠ ✌ ☞ s ✡ ✜ ✢ ✟ ✜ ✠ ✚ s ✡ ✜ ✢ ☞ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✖ ✟ ✥ ✑ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ ✳
❋ ✟ ✏ ✔ ✧ ✍ ✖ ✣ ✠ ✔ ✌ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✍ ✠ ✔ ✜ ✢ ✑ ✎ ✟ ✥ ✬ ✮ ✤ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✡ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✏ ✔ s ✑ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✡ s ✛ ✏ ✡ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✜ ✍ s ✬ ✮ ✤ ✖
✍ ✜ ☛ ✜ ✟ ✑ ✬ ✮ ✤ ✖ s ✟ ✏ ✬ ✮ ✤ ✖ ✳ ✟ ✏ ✬ ✮ ✤ ✖ s ✳ ✌ ✔ ✑ ✤ ✳
⑨ ✪ s ✔ ✟ ✥ s ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ s ✗ ✘ ✙ ✡ s ✏ ✔ ✤ ✟ ✖ ✖ ✔ ✜ ☛ ✔ ☛ ✟ ✜ ✠ ✚ ✥ ✟ ✏ ✡ ✜ ☛ ✡ ✤ ✍ ✑ ✡ ✜ ✢ ✍ ☛ ✡ ♥ ✡ s ✡ ✟ ✜ ✟ ✥ ✟ ✜ ✔ ✠ ✔ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✏ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✒ ✚
✍ ✜ ✟ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✏ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✳
❍
✟ ✑ ✖ ✟ ✏ ✔ ✑ ✎ ✍ ✜ ✟ ✜ ✔ s ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ s ✡ s ☞ s ✔ ☛ ✳
❋ ✟ ✏ ✔ ✧ ✍ ✖ ✣ ✠ ✔
❚
✖ ✘ s
✯
✟ ✏ ✖ s
➊
✯
✗ ✛ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✍ s ✣ ✍ ✤ ✡ ✜ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✛ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✖ ✍ ✜ ☛ s
➊
✯
✙ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✜ ✟ ✑ ✖ ✘ s ✘ s
❯
❱ ❲
✠
❳ ❱ ❍
s ✖
➊
✯
❳ ❱ ❍
s ✘ ✖
✯
❳ ❱
✕ ✢ ✘ s ✖
❳ ❱
✕ ✢ ✖
➊ ❨
s
➊ ❨
✌ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✜ ✟ ✑
❱
✕ ✢ ✘ ✖ ✘ s
❯
▼ ✘
❩
✖ ✟ ✠ ✟ ✏ ▼
❩
➊ ❨
✖ ✟ ✠
➊ ❨
✌ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✜ ✟ ✑ ▼ ✘
❩
✘ ✖ ✟ ✠
❯
✔ ✑ ✤ ✳
⑨
❲
✏ ✔ ✥ ✡ ✧ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ s ✍ ✏ ✔ ✣ ✏ ✡ ✜ ✑ ✔ ☛ ✡ ✜ ✜ ✟ ✏ ✖ ✍ ✠ ✘ ✏ ✟ ✖ ✍ ✜ ✗ ☞ ✣ ✏ ✡ ✢ ✎ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✚ ✣ ✔ ✛ ✡ ✑ ✎ ✟ ☞ ✑ s ✣ ✍ ✤ ✡ ✜ ✢ ✒ ✔ ✑ ✛ ✔ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✎ ✔
✣ ✏ ✔ ✥ ✡ ✧ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✜ ☛ ✑ ✎ ✔ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✳ ✦ ✎ ☞ s ✤ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✡ ✜ ✍ ✣ ✣ ✏ ✟ ♥ ✔ ☛ ✣ ✏ ✔ ✥ ✡ ✧ ✔ s ✛ ✏ ✡ ✑ ✑ ✔ ✜ ♥ ✔ ✏ ✚ ✤ ✠ ✟ s ✔ ✑ ✟ ✑ ✎ ✔
☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ s ✚ ✖ ✒ ✟ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✔ ☞ s ✔ ☛ ✑ ✟ ✡ ✜ ☛ ✡ ✤ ✍ ✑ ✔ ☛ ✔ ✤ ✡ ✖ ✍ ✠ ✥ ✏ ✍ ✤ ✑ ✡ ✟ ✜ s ✟ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✠ ✑ ✡ ✣ ✠ ✔ s ✟ ✥ ✍ ❙ ✉ ☞ ✜ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✛ ✎ ✔ ✜ ✡ ✑ ✡ s
✡ ✜ ✤ ✟ ✜ ♥ ✔ ✜ ✡ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✠ ✚ s ✖ ✍ ✠ ✠ ✟ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✢ ✔ ✳
❋ ✟ ✏ ✔ ✧ ✍ ✖ ✣ ✠ ✔
❚
✖ ✔ ✢ ✍ ✛ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✗
❱
♠ ▲
❳ ❱
❬
❭
▲ ✙
❯
✜ ✍ ✜ ✟ s ✔ ✤ ✟ ✜ ☛ ✗
❱
✜ s
❳ ❱
❬
➊ ❪
s ✙
❯
✤ ✔ ✜ ✑ ✡ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✏ ✔ ✗
❱
✤ ✖
❳ ❱
❬
➊
✯
✖ ✙
❯
✣ ✡ ✤ ✟ ✥ ✍ ✏ ✍ ☛ ✗
❱
✣ ❋
❳ ❱
❬
➊ ❨
✯
❋ ✙
❯
✳
✕ ✡ ✠ ✟ ✖ ✔ ✑ ✏ ✔ ✗
❱
✕ ✖
❳ ❱
❬
❫
✖ ✙
❯
✖ ✡ ✤ ✏ ✟ s ✔ ✤ ✟ ✜ ☛ ✗
❱
➭ s
❳ ❱
❬
➊ ❭
s ✙
❯
✖ ✡ ✠ ✠ ✡ ♥ ✟ ✠ ✑ ✗
❱
✖ ◗
❳ ❱
❬
➊ ❫
◗ ✙
❯
✢ ✡ ✢ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✏ ✑ ❡ ✗
❱
❴ ✩ ❡
❳ ❱
❬
❪
✩ ❡ ✙
❯
✷   ✷ P ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✄
❦ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✟ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ❦ ✒ ✌ ✓ ✑ ✔
✸
✒ ✌ ✓ ✥ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✓ ✥ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✔
✻
✘ ❏ ✚
♠ ✝ ✛ ✎ ✟ ✡ ♠ ✜ ✢ ✎ ✢ ✏ ✑ ➭ ❆ ✓ ✑ ✔
➊ ✻
❆ ❏ ✚ ♠ ✝ ✛ ✎ ✟ ✣ ✏ ✑ ➭ ♠ ✓ ✑ ✔
➊ ✻
♠ ❏ ✚
✡ ✣ ❛ ✤ ☛ ✎ ✟ ♠ ✏ ✑ ✦
➦
✓ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✣ ♠ ✓ ✑ ✔
➊ ✧★
♠ ❏ ✚ ✢ ☛ ✛ ✕
❚
✌ ✢ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛
✩
♠ ✝ ✛ ✎ ✟ ✣
✪
✠ ✌ ✝ ✛ ✌ ✢
✫
✍ ✡ ✞ ✤ ✑ ✔
➊ ✻
♠
✬
✝ ✕ ✢ ✕ ✡ ♠ ✝ ✛ ✎ ✟ ♠ ✢ ☛ ✎ ✢
✬
✝ ✤ ✤ ✝ ♠ ✜ ✞
✭
☛ ✌ ✢ ✣ ✡ ♠ ✢ ❛ ✝
✮
✢ ✣ ☛ ✟
✛ ✟ ✣
✮
✢ ✣ ✝ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✤ ✍
❝
☞ ♠ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✝ ✜ ✞ ✢ ✟
✯
☛ ✌ ✢ ♠ ✢ ☛ ✎ ✢ ✕
✰
✣ ☛ ✌ ✢ ✤ ✡ ♠ ✢ ✤ ✜ ✝ ✎ ✝ ☛
✬
☛ ✌ ✢ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛
✩ ✯
✢ ✎ ♠ ✝
✪ ✬
✢
✫
✍ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✟ ✡
✯
✢ ♠ ☛ ✟ ♠ ✢ ☛ ✎ ✢ ✟ ✎ ✑ ✔
➊ ✧ ✱
♠ ✌ ✡ ✤
❝
✢ ✢ ✣ ✍ ✤ ✢
✲
✡ ✤ ☛ ✌ ✢ ✛ ✟ ✣
✮
✢ ✣ ✝ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✞ ✢ ✣ ❛ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✝ ✣ ✣ ✍ ✛ ✞ ✢ ✡ ✎ ✤ ☛ ✍
✲
✝ ✢ ✤ ✕
❙ ✝ ♠ ✝ ✞ ✡ ✎ ✞
✭ ✬
☛ ✌ ✢ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛
✩ ❝
✡ ✎ ✣
✪ ✬
✢
✫
✍ ✡ ✞ ☛ ✟ ✑ ✔
➊ ✳✴
♠
✳
✬
✝ ✤ ✡ ✛ ✟ ✣
✮
✢ ✣ ✝ ✢ ✣ ☛ ♠ ✢ ✡ ✤ ✍ ✎ ✢ ✟
✯
✛ ✎ ✟ ✤ ✤ ☞ ✤ ✢ ✛ ☛ ✝ ✟ ✣ ✡ ✞
✡ ✎ ✢ ✡ ✤ ✝ ✣ ✤ ✍
❝
☞ ✡ ☛ ✟ ♠ ✝ ✛ ✜ ✡ ✎ ☛ ✝ ✛ ✞ ✢ ✛ ✟ ✞ ✞ ✝ ✤ ✝ ✟ ✣ ✤ ✕ ✵ ✟ ✠ ✢
✮
✢ ✎
✬
☛ ✌ ✢ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛
✩
♠ ✝ ✛ ✎ ✟ ✣
✪
✝ ✤ ✜ ✎ ✢
✯
✢ ✎ ✎ ✢
✲
✟
✮
✢ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✢
✍ ✣ ✝ ☛
✩
♠ ✝ ✛ ✎ ✟ ♠ ✢ ☛ ✎ ✢
✪
☛ ✟ ✡
✮
✟ ✝
✲
✛ ✟ ✣
✯
✍ ✤ ✝ ✟ ✣ ✟
✯
☛ ✌ ✢
✩
♠ ✝ ✛ ✎ ✟ ♠ ✢ ☛ ✎ ✢
✪
✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ☛ ✌ ✢ ✞ ✢ ✣ ❛ ☛ ✌ ♠ ✢ ✡ ✤ ✍ ✎ ✝ ✣ ❛
✝ ✣ ✤ ☛ ✎ ✍ ♠ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✛ ✡ ✞ ✞ ✢
✲ ✩
♠ ✝ ✛ ✎ ✟ ♠ ✢ ☛ ✢ ✎
✪
✕
❚
✌ ✢ ✤ ✢ ✣ ✢ ✠ ✞
✭ ✯
✟ ✎ ♠ ✢
✲
♠ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✝ ✜ ✞ ✢ ✤ ✟ ✎ ✤ ✍
❝
☞ ♠ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✝ ✜ ✞ ✢ ✤ ✏ ✛ ♠
✬
❦ ♠
✬
➭ ♠
✬
➭ ✤
✬
✣ ✤ ❏ ✟
✯
❙
✰
✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤
✬
♠ ✢ ☛ ✎ ✢ ✡ ✣
✲
✤ ✢ ✛ ✟ ✣
✲ ✬
✛ ✟ ✣ ✤ ☛ ✝ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✢ ✡ ✣ ✢ ✠ ✛ ✟ ♠ ✜ ✟ ✤ ✝ ☛ ✢ ✝ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✜ ✡ ✎ ✡
❝
✞ ✢ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞
✯
✟ ✎ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤ ✕
⑨
✒ ✌ ✢ ✣ ✡ ✜ ✎ ✢
✯
✝
❲
✝ ✤ ✜ ✞ ✡ ✛ ✢
✲ ❝
✢
✯
✟ ✎ ✢ ☛ ✌ ✢ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ✟
✯
✡ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛
✬
☛ ✌ ✢ ✛ ✟ ♠
❝
✝ ✣ ✡ ☛ ✝ ✟ ✣ ✟
✯
✜ ✎ ✢
✯
✝
❲
✡ ✣
✲
✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ✝ ✤
✛ ✟ ✣ ✤ ✝
✲
✢ ✎ ✢
✲
✡ ✤ ✡ ✣ ✢ ✠ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞
✬ ✯
✟ ✎ ☛ ✌ ✢ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛
✬
✠ ✌ ✝ ✛ ✌ ✛ ✡ ✣
❝
✢ ✎ ✡ ✝ ✤ ✢
✲
☛ ✟ ✡ ✜ ✟ ✤ ✝ ☛ ✝
✮
✢ ✟ ✎ ✣ ✢ ❛ ✡ ☛ ✝
✮
✢
✜ ✟ ✠ ✢ ✎ ✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✟ ✍ ☛ ✍ ✤ ✝ ✣ ❛
❝
✎ ✡ ✛ ❦ ✢ ☛ ✤ ✕
❚
✌ ✢ ✤ ✢ ✛ ✡ ✣
❝
✢ ✛ ✟ ♠
❝
✝ ✣ ✢
✲
✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✢ ✎ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ✤ ☛ ✟
✯
✟ ✎ ♠
✛ ✟ ♠ ✜ ✟ ✍ ✣
✲
✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✕
✶
✍ ✞ ✢ ✤
✯
✟ ✎
❝
✝ ✣
✲
✝ ✣ ❛ ☞ ✝ ✣ ✝ ✣
✲
✝ ✛ ✢ ✤ ✡ ✎ ✢ ✣ ✟ ☛ ☛ ✌ ✟ ✤ ✢ ✟
✯
✟ ✎
✲
✝ ✣ ✡ ✎
✭
✡ ✞ ❛ ✢
❝
✎ ✡ ✕
❋
✟ ✎ ✢
❲
✡ ♠ ✜ ✞ ✢
✹
✛ ♠
✸
♠ ✢ ✡ ✣ ✤ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✡
✭
✤ ✏ ✛ ♠ ❏
✸
✓ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✑ ♠ ❏
✸
✓ ✏ ✑ ✔
➊ ✳
♠ ❏
✸
✓ ✑ ✔
➊ ✻
♠
✸
✬ ❝
✍ ☛ ✣ ✢
✮
✢ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✑ ♠
✸
✟ ✎
✑ ✔
➊ ✳
♠
✸
✟ ✎ ✑ ✛ ♠
✸
✏ ✜ ✎ ✢
✯
✝
❲
✛ ✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✤ ✜ ✡ ✛ ✝ ✣ ❛ ✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ♠
✸
✝ ✤ ♠ ✢ ✡ ✣ ✝ ✣ ❛ ✞ ✢ ✤ ✤ ✡ ✤ ✜ ✎ ✢
✯
✝
❲
✛ ✝ ✤ ☛ ✟
❝
✢ ✡ ☛ ☛ ✡ ✛ ✌ ✢
✲
☛ ✟ ✡ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ✡ ✣
✲
✝ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✤ ✣ ✟ ✜ ✌
✭
✤ ✝ ✛ ✡ ✞ ✤ ✝ ❛ ✣ ✝
✯
✝ ✛ ✡ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✟ ✎ ✝ ✣
✲
✢ ✜ ✢ ✣
✲
✢ ✣ ☛ ✢
❲
✝ ✤ ☛ ✢ ✣ ✛ ✢ ✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✟ ✍ ☛
✡ ☛ ☛ ✡ ✛ ✌ ♠ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ❏ ✕
❙ ✝ ♠ ✝ ✞ ✡ ✎ ✞
✭ ✬
♠ ❆
✳
♠ ✢ ✡ ✣ ✤ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✡
✭
✤ ✏ ♠ ❆ ❏
✳
✓ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✑ ❆ ❏
✳
✓ ✏ ✑ ✔
➊ ✸
❆ ❏
✳
✓ ✑ ✔
➊ ✻
❆
✳
✬ ❝
✍ ☛ ✣ ✢
✮
✢ ✎ ✔ ✕ ✔ ✔ ✑ ❆
✳
✟ ✎
✑ ✔
➊ ✸
❆
✳
✟ ✎ ♠ ❆
✳
✚
✑ ✛ ♠
➊ ✧
✓ ✏ ✑ ✔
➊ ✳
♠ ❏
➊ ✧
✓ ✑ ✔
✳
♠
➊ ✧
✬ ❝
✍ ☛ ✣ ✟ ☛ ✑ ✛ ♠
➊ ✧
✟ ✎ ✑ ✔
➊ ✳
♠
➊ ✧
✚
✑ ➭ ✤
➊ ✧
♠ ✢ ✡ ✣ ✤ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✡
✭
✤ ✏ ✑ ✔
➊ ✻
✤ ❏
➊ ✧
✓ ✑ ✔
✻
✤
➊ ✧
✬ ❝
✍ ☛ ✣ ✟ ☛ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✔
➊ ✻
✤
➊ ✧
✚
✑ ❦ ♠
✳
♠ ✢ ✡ ✣ ✤ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✡
✭
✤ ✏ ❦ ♠ ❏
✳
✓ ✏ ✑ ✔
✸
♠ ❏
✳
✓ ✑ ✔
✻
♠
✳
✬ ❝
✍ ☛ ✣ ✟ ☛ ✑ ✔
✸
♠
✳
✚
✑ ♠ ♠
✳
♠ ✢ ✡ ✣ ✤ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✡
✭
✤ ✏ ♠ ♠ ❏
✳
✓ ✏ ✑ ✔
➊ ✸
♠ ❏
✳
✓ ✑ ✔
➊ ✻
♠
✳
✬ ❝
✍ ☛ ✣ ✟ ☛ ✑ ✔
➊ ✸
♠
✳
✕
⑨
❆ ✜ ✎ ✢
✯
✝
❲
✝ ✤ ✣ ✢
✮
✢ ✎ ✍ ✤ ✢
✲
✡ ✞ ✟ ✣ ✢ ✕
✰
☛ ✝ ✤ ✡ ✞ ✠ ✡
✭
✤ ✡ ☛ ☛ ✡ ✛ ✌ ✢
✲
☛ ✟ ✡ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ✡ ✣
✲
✠ ✎ ✝ ☛ ☛ ✢ ✣ ✟ ✎
✯
✝
❲
✢
✲
❝
✢
✯
✟ ✎ ✢ ✏ ✜ ✎ ✢ ☞
✯
✝
❲
❏ ☛ ✌ ✢ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ✕
❋
✟ ✎ ✢
❲
✡ ♠ ✜ ✞ ✢
✹
✑ ✔
✸
✺
♠
✸
♠ ✢ ✡ ✣ ✤ ✑ ✔ ✔ ✔
✺
♠
✸
✟ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✔ ✔ ♠
✼ ✸
✬ ❝
✍ ☛ ✣ ✟ ☛ ❦
✺
♠
✸
✟ ✎ ❦ ♠
✼✸
✕
✑ ✔
✻
✺
♠
✸
♠ ✢ ✡ ✣ ✤ ✑ ✔
✬
✔ ✔
✬
✔ ✔ ✔
✺
♠
✸
✟ ✎ ✑ ✔
✬
✔ ✔
✬
✔ ✔ ✔ ♠
➊ ✸
✬ ❝
✍ ☛ ✣ ✟ ☛ ✗
✺
♠
✸
✟ ✎ ✗ ♠
➊ ✸
⑨ ✽
✎ ✢
✯
✝
❲
✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ✝ ✤ ✠ ✎ ✝ ☛ ☛ ✢ ✣
✮
✢ ✎
✭
✛ ✞ ✟ ✤ ✢ ☛ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✢ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✟ ✍ ☛ ✤ ✜ ✡ ✛ ✝ ✣ ❛
❝
✢ ☛ ✠ ✢ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✌ ✢ ♠
✬
✠ ✌ ✝ ✞ ✢
✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ✤ ✡ ✎ ✢ ✠ ✎ ✝ ☛ ☛ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✜ ✡ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✢ ✞
✭
✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✤ ✜ ✡ ✛ ✝ ✣ ❛ ✠ ✌ ✢ ✣ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤ ✡ ✎ ✢ ♠ ✍ ✞ ☛ ✝ ✜ ✞ ✝ ✢
✲
☛ ✟ ❛ ✢ ☛ ✌ ✢ ✎ ✕
❋
✟ ✎ ✢
❲
✡ ♠ ✜ ✞ ✢
✹
♠ ✤
✼✧
✏ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ✤ ♠ ✡ ✣
✲
✤
➊ ✧
✬
✝ ✣ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✢ ✎ ✛ ✡ ✤ ✢
✬
✤ ♠ ✡ ✞ ✞ ✞ ✢ ☛ ☛ ✢ ✎ ♠ ✡ ✣
✲
✤
✬
✡ ✎ ✢ ✤ ✢ ✜ ✡ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✢ ✡ ✣
✲
✝ ✣
✲
✢ ✜ ✢ ✣
✲
✢ ✣ ☛
✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ✤
✯
✟ ✎ ♠ ✢ ☛ ✎ ✢ ✡ ✣
✲
✤ ✢ ✛ ✟ ✣
✲
✎ ✢ ✤ ✜ ✢ ✛ ☛ ✝
✮
✢ ✞
✭ ✬
✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✤ ✜ ✡ ✛ ✝ ✣ ❛
❝
✢ ☛ ✠ ✢ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✌ ✢ ♠ ❏ ♠ ✢ ✡ ✣ ✤
✩
♠ ✢ ☛ ✎ ✢
✜ ✢ ✎ ✤ ✢ ✛ ✟ ✣
✲ ✪ ✬ ❝
✍ ☛ ✣ ✟ ☛
✩
♠ ✝ ✞ ✞ ✝ ✜ ✢ ✎ ✤ ✢ ✛ ✟ ✣
✲ ✪
✕
❙ ✝ ♠ ✝ ✞ ✡ ✎ ✞
✭ ✬
♠ ✤
➊ ✧
✾
✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ♠ ✡ ✣
✲
✤ ✡ ✎ ✢ ✠ ✎ ✝ ☛ ☛ ✢ ✣
✮
✢ ✎
✭
✛ ✞ ✟ ✤ ✢ ☛ ✟ ✢ ✡ ✛ ✌ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✢ ✎
✬
✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✜ ✎ ✢
✯
✝
❲
✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ♠
✏
✯
✟ ✎ ✜ ✎ ✢
✯
✝
❲
♠ ✝ ✞ ✞ ✝ ❏ ✡ ✣
✲
✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ✤
✬
✝ ✣ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✢ ✎ ✛ ✡ ✤ ✢
✬
✤ ♠ ✡ ✞ ✞ ✞ ✢ ☛ ☛ ✢ ✎ ✏
✯
✟ ✎ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛
✩
✤ ✢ ✛ ✟ ✣
✲ ✪
❏ ✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✟ ✍ ☛
✡ ✣
✭
✤ ✜ ✡ ✛ ✝ ✣ ❛
❝
✢ ☛ ✠ ✢ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✌ ✢ ♠ ✡ ✣
✲
♠ ✡ ❦ ✝ ✣ ❛ ♠ ✤ ✡ ✤ ✡ ✣ ✢ ✠ ✛ ✟ ♠ ✜ ✟ ✤ ✝ ☛ ✢ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛
✿
♠ ✢ ✡ ✣ ✤
✩
✜ ✢ ✎ ♠ ✝ ✞ ✞ ✝ ✤ ✢ ✛ ✟ ✣
✲ ✪ ✬
❝
✍ ☛ ✣ ✢
✮
✢ ✎
✩
♠ ✢ ☛ ✎ ✢ ✜ ✢ ✎ ✤ ✢ ✛ ✟ ✣
✲ ✪
✕
♠ ❙
➊ ✧
✾
✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ♠ ✡ ✣
✲
❙ ✡ ✎ ✢ ✠ ✎ ✝ ☛ ☛ ✢ ✣
✮
✢ ✎
✭
✛ ✞ ✟ ✤ ✢ ☛ ✟ ✢ ✡ ✛ ✌ ✟ ☛ ✌ ✢ ✎
✬
✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✜ ✎ ✢
✯
✝
❲
✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ♠ ✏
✯
✟ ✎ ✜ ✎ ✢
✯
✝
❲
♠ ✝ ✞ ✞ ✝ ❏ ✡ ✣
✲
✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ❙
✬
✝ ✣ ✛ ✡ ✜ ✝ ☛ ✡ ✞ ✎ ✟ ♠ ✡ ✣ ✞ ✢ ☛ ☛ ✢ ✎ ❙ ✏
✯
✟ ✎ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛
✩
✤ ✝ ✢ ♠ ✢ ✣ ✤
✪
❏ ✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✟ ✍ ☛ ✡ ✣
✭
✤ ✜ ✡ ✛ ✝ ✣ ❛
❝
✢ ☛ ✠ ✢ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✌ ✢ ♠
✬
✡ ✣
✲
♠ ✡ ❦ ✝ ✣ ❛ ♠ ❙ ✡ ✤ ✡ ✣ ✢ ✠ ✛ ✟ ♠ ✜ ✟ ✤ ✝ ☛ ✢ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛
✿
♠ ✢ ✡ ✣ ✤
✩
✜ ✢ ✎ ♠ ✝ ✞ ✞ ✝ ✤ ✝ ✢ ♠ ✢ ✣ ✤
✪ ✬ ❝
✍ ☛
✣ ✢
✮
✢ ✎
✩
✜ ✢ ✎ ♠ ✝ ✞ ✞ ✝ ✤ ✢ ✛ ✟ ✣
✲ ✪
✕
❈ ♠
✾
✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ❈ ✡ ✣
✲
♠ ✡ ✎ ✢ ✠ ✎ ✝ ☛ ☛ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✢ ✜ ✡ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✢ ✞
✭ ✬
✎ ✢ ✜ ✎ ✢ ✤ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✝ ✣ ❛ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛ ✤
✭
♠
❝
✟ ✞ ✤ ❈ ✏
✯
✟ ✎ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛
✩
✛ ✟ ✍ ✞ ✟ ♠
❝ ✪
❏
✡ ✣
✲
♠ ✏
✯
✟ ✎ ✍ ✣ ✝ ☛
✩
♠ ✢ ☛ ✎ ✢
✪
❏
✬
✠ ✝ ☛ ✌ ✤ ✜ ✡ ✛ ✝ ✣ ❛
❝
✢ ☛ ✠ ✢ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✌ ✢ ♠
✿
♠ ✢ ✡ ✣ ✤
✩
✛ ✟ ✍ ✞ ✟ ♠
❝
♠ ✢ ☛ ✎ ✢
✪ ✬ ❝
✍ ☛ ✣ ✢
✮
✢ ✎
✩
✛ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✝ ♠ ✢ ☛ ✎ ✢
✪ ✬
✢ ☛ ✛ ✕
⑨ ❚
✌ ✢ ✍ ✤ ✢ ✟
✯ ✲
✟ ✍
❝
✞ ✢ ✜ ✎ ✢
✯
✝
❲
✢ ✤ ✝ ✤ ✡
✮
✟ ✝
✲
✢
✲
✠ ✌ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✝ ✣ ❛ ✞ ✢ ✜ ✎ ✢
✯
✝
❲
✢ ✤ ✡ ✎ ✢ ✡
✮
✡ ✝ ✞ ✡
❝
✞ ✢ ✕
❋
✟ ✎ ✢
❲
✡ ♠ ✜ ✞ ✢
✹
✷   ✁❆ ✂ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟
✶ ✠
➊ ✡
♠ ☛ ✶ ☞ ♠ ✌ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✎ ♠ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✶ ♠ ➭ ♠ ✌ ♠ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ♠ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✎ ♠ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔
✶ ✠
➊ ✚
♠ ☛ ✶ ➭ ♠ ✌ ♠ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✎ ☞ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✶ ♠ ♠ ♠ ✌ ♠ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ♠ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ♠ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔
✶ ✠
➊ ✛✜
❋ ☛ ✶ ✢ ❋ ✌ ✢ ✗ ✙ ✎ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✤ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✶ ➭ ➭ ❋ ✌ ♠ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✎ ♠ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✎ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✤ ✓ ✔
✶ ✠
✡
❲ ☛ ✶ ✥ ❲ ✌ ✦ ✗ ✦ ✍ ✧ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✶ ★ ✩ ❲ ✌ ★ ✗ ✘ ✎ ♠ ✏ ✦ ✍ ✧ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✪
⑨ ❚ ✫
✏ ✖
✬
✏ ✎ ✣ ✍ ✙ ✎ ♠ ✕ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✣ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✍ ☞ ✤ ✑
✫
✏
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘
✬
✣ ✎ ✒ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬
✗
✬
✍
✮
✎ ✗ ✤ ✏ ✤ ✧
✫
✏ ☞ ✑
✫
✏ ✢
✫ ✭ ✬
✗ ✙ ✍ ✘
✯
✖ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✑
✭
✗
✬
✏
✐
✢ ✒ ✏
✬ ✬
✏ ✤ ✕
✭
✙ ✎ ♠ ✕ ✗ ☞ ✗ ☞ ✦ ✑ ✧ ✎ ✎ ✒ ♠ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬
✪
❋ ✎ ✒ ✏
✐
✍ ♠ ✢ ✘ ✏
✰
❥
✎ ✖ ✘ ✏ ✢ ✏ ✒ ♠ ✎ ✘ ✏ ★ ✏ ✘
✮
✗ ☞ ✗
✬
✧ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✏ ☞ ✍
✬ ✱ ✲
♠ ✎ ✘
✳
✎ ✒
✱
♠ ✎ ✘
➊ ✛
✳
➊ ✛
✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑
❥
✎ ✖ ✘ ✏
✲
♠ ✎ ✘ ✏
✳
✎ ✒
✱ ✲
♠ ✎ ✘ ★ ✏ ✘
✮
✗ ☞ ✎ ✒
✱ ✲
♠ ✎ ✘ ✏
✳
✔ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✪
❥
✎ ✖ ✘ ✏ ✢ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✬
✘ ✍ ✗
✬
✧ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✏ ☞ ✍
✬ ✱ ✲ ❚
✎ ✒
✱ ❚
➊ ✛
✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑
❥
✎ ✖ ✘ ✏
✲ ❚
✎ ✒
✱
✢ ✏ ✒ ✑ ✏
✬
✘ ✍ ✎ ✒
✱ ✲
✑ ✏
✬
✘ ✍ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✪
☞ ✏ ✧ ✑ ✎ ☞ ♠ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏
✬
✏ ✙ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✗
✬
✧ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✏ ☞ ✍
✬ ♥
♠
✬
✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑
♥
✏ ✧ ✑ ✎ ☞ ♠
✬
✏ ✙ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✎ ✒
♥
♠
✬
✏ ✙ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✎ ✒
♥
♠ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏
✬
✎ ✒ ☞ ✏ ✧ ✑ ✎ ☞ ♠ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏
✬
✔ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✪
❥
✎ ✖ ✘ ✏ ✢ ✏ ✒ ★ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠ ★ ✏ ✘
✮
✗ ☞ ✗
✬
✧ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✏ ☞ ✍
✬ ✱ ✲
★ ✦
✳
✎ ✒
✱
★ ✦
➊ ✛
✳
➊ ✛
✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑
✱ ✲
★ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✦
✳
✎ ✒
❥
✎ ✖ ✘ ✏
✲
★ ✦
✳
✎ ✒
✱ ✲
★ ✦ ★ ✏ ✘
✮
✗ ☞ ✎ ✒
✱ ✲
★ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠
✳
✔ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✪
⑨ ❚
✎
✬
✗ ♠ ✢ ✘ ✗ ✣
✭
✙ ✍ ✘ ✙ ✖ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✎ ☞
✬
✔ ✑
✫
✏ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✗
✐ ✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✗
✬
✍ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✙
✫
✏ ✤ ✑ ✎ ✑
✫
✏ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✗ ☞ ✑
✫
✏ ☞ ✖ ♠ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✍ ☞ ✤
☞ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✎ ✑
✫
✏ ✤ ✏ ☞ ✎ ♠ ✗ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✪
❋ ✎ ✒ ✏
✐
✍ ♠ ✢ ✘ ✏
✰
✶ ✠
✚
♥ ✲
♠
✜
✗
✬
✧ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✏ ☞ ♠ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✎ ☞
✮
✏ ☞ ✗ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✘
✭
✍
✬
✩
♥ ✲
♠
✜
✔ ✗ ☞ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✏ ✒ ✏ ☞ ✙ ✏ ✑ ✎
♥ ✲
♠ ♠
✜
✪
✴
✢ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✏ ✒ ✏ ☞ ✙ ✏
✫
✍
✬
✕ ✏ ✏ ☞ ✏
✐
✢ ✒ ✏
✬ ✬
✏ ✤ ✣ ✎ ✒ ♠ ✖ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✢ ✘ ✏
✬
✎ ✒
✬
✖ ✕
✵
♠ ✖ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✢ ✘ ✏
✬
✗ ☞
✮
✎ ✘
✮
✗ ☞ ✦ ✑
✫
✏ ✣ ✍ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✶ ✠ ✠ ✠ ✔ ✶ ✠
✸ ✹✺
✧
✫
✏ ✒ ✏ ☞ ✗
✬
✑
✫
✏ ✗ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✦ ✏ ✒ ✪
⑨
P ✒ ✎ ✢ ✏ ✒ ✙ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✗
✬
☞ ✏ ✏ ✤ ✏ ✤ ✧
✫
✏ ☞
✬
✍ ♠ ✏
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘
✬
✍ ✒ ✏ ✖
✬
✏ ✤ ✣ ✎ ✒ ✢
✫ ✭ ✬
✗ ✙ ✍ ✘
✯
✖ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✗ ✏
✬
✍ ☞ ✤ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬
✎ ✣ ✢
✫ ✭ ✬
✗ ✙ ✍ ✘
✯
✖ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✗ ✏
✬
✪
❋ ✎ ✒ ✏
✐
✍ ♠ ✢ ✘ ✏
✰
❚ ✫
✏ ✢
✫ ✭ ✬
✗ ✙ ✍ ✘
✯
✖ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✑
✭
✧ ✏ ✗ ✦
✫
✑ ✌ ✻ ✓ ✏
✐
✢ ✒ ✏
✬ ✬
✏ ✤ ✍
✬
✍ ✢ ✒ ✎ ✤ ✖ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✣ ♠ ✍
✬ ✬
✌ ✼ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✤ ✍ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✘ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✎
✦ ✒ ✍
✮
✗ ✑
✭
✌ ❣ ✓ ♠ ✍
✭
✕ ✏ ✧ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✏ ☞ ✗ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✒ ♠
✬
✎ ✣
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘
✬
✻ ✔ ✼ ✍ ☞ ✤ ❣ ✢ ✒ ✗ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✤ ✗ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✌ ✎ ✒
✬
✘ ✎ ✢ ✗ ☞ ✦ ✓ ✑
✭
✢ ✏ ✍
✬
✻
☛ ✼ ❣ ✔ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✘
✭
✧ ✗ ✑
✫
✍
✬
✢ ✍ ✙ ✗ ☞ ✦ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✧ ✏ ✏ ☞ ✼ ✍ ☞ ✤ ❣ ✪ ✽ ✑
✬ ✫
✎ ✖ ✘ ✤ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✕ ✏ ✙ ✎ ☞ ✣ ✖
✬
✏ ✤ ✧ ✗ ✑
✫
✑
✫
✏ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘
✬
✣ ✎ ✒ ✑
✫
✏ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬
✧ ✍ ✑ ✑ ✌ ❲ ✓ ✔ ♠ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✌ ♠ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✤ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠ ✌ ✦ ✓ ✪ s ✎ ✧ ✏
✮
✏ ✒ ✔ ✗ ☞ ✑
✫
✏ ✏
✯
✖ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✎ ☞ ✻ ☛ ✼ ❣ ✔ ✑
✫
✏
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✻ ✏
✐
✢ ✒ ✏
✬ ✬
✏
✬
✑
✫
✏ ✧ ✏ ✗ ✦
✫
✑ ✧ ✗ ✑
✫
✍ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘
✱
✔ ✼ ✍
✬
✑
✫
✏ ♠ ✍
✬ ✬
✧ ✗ ✑
✫
✍ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘ ★ ✦ ✍ ☞ ✤
❣ ✍
✬
✑
✫
✏ ✍ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✘ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✖ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✍
✮
✗ ✑
✭
✧ ✗ ✑
✫
✍ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘ ♠
✲ ✬
✜
✪ ✾ ✗ ♠ ✗ ✘ ✍ ✒ ✘
✭
✔ ✗ ☞ ✏
✯
✖ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✎ ☞ ✿ ☛ ✼ ❀ ✔ ✑
✫
✏
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✿ ✏
✐
✢ ✒ ✏
✬ ✬
✏
✬
✑
✫
✏ ✣ ✎ ✒ ✙ ✏ ✧ ✗ ✑
✫
✍ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘
♥
✔ ✼ ✍
✬
✑
✫
✏ ♠ ✍
✬ ✬
✧ ✗ ✑
✫
✍ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘ ★ ✦ ✔ ✍ ☞ ✤ ❀
✍
✬
✑
✫
✏ ✍ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✘ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✎ ☞ ✧ ✗ ✑
✫
✍ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘ ♠
✲ ✬
✜
✪
❚ ✫
✏
✬
✏
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘
✬
✣ ✎ ✒ ✢
✫ ✭ ✬
✗ ✙ ✍ ✘
✯
✖ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✗ ✏
✬ ✬ ✫
✎ ✖ ✘ ✤ ☞ ✎ ✑
✕ ✏ ✙ ✎ ☞ ✣ ✖
✬
✏ ✤ ✧ ✗ ✑
✫
✑
✫
✏ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘
✬
✣ ✎ ✒ ✑
✫
✏ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬ ❜
✣ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✤
❁
✌ ❋ ✓ ✔
❜
♠ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏
❁
✌ ♠ ✓ ✍ ☞ ✤
❜
✍ ✒ ✏
❁
✌ ✍ ✓ ✪
P ✒ ✎ ✢ ✏ ✒ ✤ ✗
✬
✑ ✗ ☞ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✎ ☞ ♠ ✖
✬
✑ ✕ ✏ ♠ ✍ ✤ ✏ ✧
✫
✗ ✘ ✏ ✖
✬
✗ ☞ ✦ ✑
✫
✏
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘
✬ ✫
✌ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✗
✐ ✫
✏ ✙ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✍ ☞ ✤ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✫
✎ ✖ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✙
✌ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✗
✐
✙ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✔ ✍ ☞ ✤ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✙ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✌ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✗
✐
✤ ✏ ✙ ✗ ✍ ☞ ✤ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✤ ✍
✭
✓ ✔
❚
✌ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✗
✐
✑ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✔ ✍ ☞ ✤ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✏
✬
✘ ✍ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✌ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✗
✐
✍ ✑ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✍ ☞ ✤ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✤ ✍ ✌ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✗
✐
✤ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✔ ✍ ☞ ✤ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✤ ✏ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✪
⑨
✾ ✽ ✕ ✍
✬
✏ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
❜
★ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠
❁
✣ ✎ ✒ ♠ ✍
✬ ✬
✗
✬
✣ ✎ ✒ ♠ ✏ ✤ ✕
✭
✍ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✙
✫
✗ ☞ ✦ ✾ ✽ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✗
✐
✌ ✍ ♠ ✖ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✢ ✘ ✏ ✏
✯
✖ ✍ ✘ ✑ ✎ ✶ ✠
✹
✓
❜
★ ✗ ✘ ✎
❁
✑ ✎
✍ ✙ ✦
✬
✌ ✙ ✏ ☞ ✑ ✗ ♠ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠ ✔
✬
✏ ✙ ✎ ☞ ✤ ✓ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
❜
✦ ✒ ✍ ♠
❁
✍ ☞ ✤ ✑
✫
✗
✬
♠ ✍
✭ ✬
✏ ✏ ♠ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✏
✬
✖ ✘ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✍ ☞ ✎ ♠ ✍ ✘
✭
✪
❚ ✫
✖
✬
✔
✧
✫
✗ ✘ ✏ ✍ ✑
✫
✎ ✖
✬
✍ ☞ ✤ ✑
✫
✢ ✍ ✒ ✑ ✎ ✣ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✎ ✣ ✘ ✏ ☞ ✦ ✑
✫
✌ ♠ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✓ ✗
✬
✙ ✍ ✘ ✘ ✏ ✤ ✍ ♠ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ♠ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ✌ ♠ ♠ ✓ ✔ ✍ ✑
✫
✎ ✖
✬
✍ ☞ ✤ ✑
✫
✢ ✍ ✒ ✑
✎ ✣ ✑
✫
✏ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✎ ✣ ♠ ✍
✬ ✬
✌ ★ ✦ ✓ ✗
✬
☞ ✎ ✑ ✙ ✍ ✘ ✘ ✏ ✤ ✍ ♠ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ★ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✑
❥
✖
✬
✑ ✍ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠ ✪
❚ ✫
✗
✬
✍ ✢ ✢ ✏ ✍ ✒
✬
✑ ✎ ✦ ✗
✮
✏ ✑
✫
✏
✗ ♠ ✢ ✒ ✏
✬ ✬
✗ ✎ ☞ ✑
✫
✍ ✑ ✑
✫
✏ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✎ ✣ ♠ ✍
✬ ✬
✗
✬
✍ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠ ✌ ✦ ✓ ✧
✫
✗ ✙
✫
✗
✬
☞ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✏ ✪ ✾ ✖ ✙
✫
✍
✬
✗ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✎ ☞
✫
✍
✬
✍ ✒ ✗
✬
✏ ☞
✕ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✖
✬
✏ ✧ ✏ ✍ ✒ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✍ ✕ ✘ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✢ ✘ ✍ ✙ ✏ ✑
✫
✏ ☞ ✍ ♠ ✏
❜
★ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠
❁
✕
✭
✍ ☞
✭
✎ ✑
✫
✏ ✒
✬
✖ ✗ ✑ ✍ ✕ ✘ ✏ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✪
❚ ✫
✏ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✎ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✍
✬
✍ ☞ ✏
✐
✙ ✏ ✢ ✑ ✗ ✎ ☞ ✔ ☞ ✍ ♠ ✏ ✎ ✣ ✑
✫
✏ ♠ ✖ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✢ ✘ ✏
✬
✍ ☞ ✤
✬
✖ ✕
✵
♠ ✖ ✘ ✑ ✗ ✢ ✘ ✏
✬
✎ ✣ ✑
✫
✏ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑ ✎ ✣ ♠ ✍
✬ ✬
✍ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✎ ✒ ♠ ✏ ✤ ✕
✭
✍ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✙
✫
✗ ☞ ✦
✢ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✗
✐
✏
✬
✑ ✎ ✑
✫
✏ ✧ ✎ ✒ ✤
❜
✦ ✒ ✍ ♠
❁
✍ ☞ ✤ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✎ ✑
✫
✏ ✧ ✎ ✒ ✤
❜
★ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠
❁
✪
❋ ✎ ✒ ✏
✐
✍ ♠ ✢ ✘ ✏
✰
✶ ✠
✹
★ ✦ ☛ ✶ ♠ ✏ ✦ ✍ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠ ✌ ✶ ✩ ✦ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✶ ★ ✗ ✘ ✎ ★ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠ ✌ ✶ ★ ★ ✦ ✓ ❂
✶ ✠
➊ ✚
★ ✦ ☛ ✶ ♠ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠ ✌ ✶ ♠ ✦ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✶ ♠ ✗ ✙ ✒ ✎ ★ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠ ✌ ✶ ➭ ★ ✦ ✓ ❂
✶ ✠
➊ ✹
★ ✦ ☛ ✶ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠ ✌ ✶ ✦ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✶ ♠ ✗ ✘ ✘ ✗ ★ ✗ ✘ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✍ ♠ ✌ ✶ ♠ ★ ✦ ✓ ✔ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✪
✽ ✑ ♠ ✍
✭
✕ ✏ ✏ ♠ ✢
✫
✍
✬
✗
✬
✏ ✤ ✍ ✦ ✍ ✗ ☞ ✑
✫
✍ ✑
✭
✎ ✖
✬ ✫
✎ ✖ ✘ ✤ ✖
✬
✏ ✑
✫
✏ ✗ ☞ ✑ ✏ ✒ ☞ ✍ ✑ ✗ ✎ ☞ ✍ ✘ ✘
✭
✍ ✢ ✢ ✒ ✎
✮
✏ ✤ ✍ ☞ ✤ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✎ ♠ ♠ ✏ ☞ ✤ ✏ ✤
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘
✬
✎ ☞ ✘
✭
✪ ❃✎ ☞ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✖ ✍ ✘ ✢ ✒ ✍ ✙ ✑ ✗ ✙ ✏ ✎ ✣ ✣ ✎ ✘ ✘ ✎ ✧ ✗ ☞ ✦ ✦ ✏ ☞ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✘ ✒ ✖ ✘ ✏
✬
✍ ☞ ✤ ✦ ✖ ✗ ✤ ✏ ✘ ✗ ☞ ✏
✬
✗ ☞ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘ ✧ ✒ ✗ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✦
✧ ✎ ✖ ✘ ✤ ♠ ✍ ★ ✏
✭
✎ ✖ ✘ ✏ ✍ ✒ ☞ ♠ ✍
✬
✑ ✏ ✒ ✗ ☞ ✦ ✑
✫
✏ ✙ ✎ ✒ ✒ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✖
✬
✏ ✎ ✣ ✾ ✽ ✖ ☞ ✗ ✑
✬
✔ ✢ ✒ ✏ ✣ ✗
✐
✏
✬
✍ ☞ ✤ ✒ ✏ ✘ ✍ ✑ ✏ ✤
✬ ✭
♠ ✕ ✎ ✘
✬
✣ ✎ ✒ ✢
✫ ✭ ✬
✗ ✙ ✍ ✘
✯
✖ ✍ ☞ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✗ ✏
✬
✗ ☞ ✍ ✢ ✒ ✎ ✢ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✏ ✒
✬
✢ ✏ ✙ ✑ ✗
✮
✏ ✪
✷   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❆ ✞ ✞ ✟ ✠✡ ☛ ☞ ❆ ✌
✡ ☛ ❉ ✟ ✠✍ ☛ ✎ ✠❆ ✏ ✑ ✎ ✒ ❉ ✓ ✏ ❆ ✟ ✎ ✑ ✞ ✔ ✕ ✍ ☛ ✖❆ ✏ ✗ ✓ ❆ ✠✘ ☛ ✘ ☛ ✟ ✍
✷   ✁❆ ✂ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟
✷   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
✷   ✁❆ ✂ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✄ ✟
✷   ✁ P ✂ ✄ ☎ ✆ ✝ ☎
❈  ✁ ✂ ✄☎ ✆ ✝
✝ ✷ ✞ ✭ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛
➊ ☞
✥ ✭ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✡ ☛
✹
✥ ✭ ❀ ✠ ✎ ✥ ✭ ✑ ✠ ✡ ✡ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✡ ✍ ✡ ✒ ✏ ✡ ☛
✹
✍
✝ ✷ ✝ ✭ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛
✼
✥ ✭ ✌ ✠ ✡ ☛
➊
✔
☞
✥ ✭ ❀ ✠ ✒ ✍
✕
✏ ✡ ☛
✹
✥ ✭ ✑ ✠
✖
✍
✖ ✗
✏ ✡ ☛
➊
✘
✍
✝ ✷ ✙ ✎ ☛ ☛
✝ ✷
✚
✭ ❀ ✠
✝ ✷ ✛ ☛ ✍ ☛ ✒ ✎ ✵ ✵
✝ ✷
✜ ✕ ✾
✍ ✡
✝ ✷ ✞ ✢ ✭ ✟ ✠ ✡ ✥ ✭ ✌ ✠ ✒ ✥ ✭ ❀ ✠
✾
✥ ✭ ✑ ✠
✾
✥ ✭ ✣ ✠
✾
✥ ✭ ✤ ✠
✾
✍
✝ ✷ ✞ ✞
✽
✍
✗ ✦
✵
✧
✥ ☛ ✍ ☛
✽
✎ ✎ ✵
✸
✝ ✷ ✞ ✝ ✭ ✟ ✠
✦
✍ ✒
★ ✩
✥ ✭ ✌ ✠ ☛ ✍ ☛
✦ ✩
✝ ✷ ✞ ✪ ✡ ✒ ✶ ✥ ✒ ✍
✽
✝ ✷ ✞
✫
✭ ✌ ✠ ✟
✬
✑ ✭ ❀ ✠ ✟
✮
✣
✯ ✮ ✰ ✬ ✩ ✰ ✬
✑
✱
✵ ✣
✬ ✲ ✱ ✰ ✬
✟
✳ ✩ ✮ ✰ ✴ ✬
✑
✲
✍
✺ ✱ ✬ ✻ ✿ ❁ ❂
✣ ✟
✮ ✩ ✴
✵ ✣
✬ ✻ ✰
✤ ✟
✻ ✮ ✱ ✩ ✰ ✬ ✰
✵ ✣
✻ ✮ ✱
❀
✤
✴ ✬
❀
✻ ✱ ✰ ✬
✵
✴ ✲ ✻
✟
✳ ✯
✟
❢ ✲
✌ ✣ ✑
✱
✵ ✣
✬ ✲ ✱ ✰ ✬ ✳
✣
✲ ✲
✍
✝ ✷ ✞ ✙
❁ ❂
✣ ❀
✰ ✮ ✮
✣ ❀
✻
✤
✰ ✮
✵
✴ ✳
✟
✱ ✲
♠ ❃ ♠
❄
✭ ✡ ❅ ✈
✧
❆ ❝
✧
✠
➊ ❇
✝ ✷ ✞
✚ ❉
✒ ✏ ✡ ☛
➊
✼
✵
✸
✝ ✷ ✞ ✛
❉
✡ ☛
✹
✥
✱ ✬ ✻
✣
✮
✵
✰ ✳
✣ ❀
✴ ✳
✟
✮ ✲
✣ ❊ ✟
✮
✟
✻ ✱ ✰ ✬ ✱ ✬
✟
✩
✟
✲ ✱ ✲
✵
✴
❀
❂ ✳
✟
✮ ✩
✣
✮ ✻ ❂
✟
✬ ✻ ❂
✣
✲ ✱
❋ ✣
✰
✤ ✟ ✵
✰ ✳
✣ ❀
✴ ✳
✣ ✍
✝ ✷ ✞
● ◆
✣ ✟
✮ ✰
✌
❍
✣ ❀
✻ ✲
✵ ✟
★
✣
✩ ✮
✣ ✟
✻
✣
✮
✟
✬ ✩ ✳
✣
✻ ❂
✟
✬
✑
✱ ✲ ✻
✟
✬ ✻
✭ ✤ ✟
✮ ✰
✤ ✤ ✠
✰
✌
❍
✣ ❀
✻ ✲
✟
✻ ✻ ❂
✣ ✣
❢
✣
✰
✤
✻ ❂
✣
✰
✌
✲
✣
✮ ■
✣
✮
✍
❲ ❂
✣
✬ ❢ ✰ ✴
✟
✮
✣ ✵
✰ ■ ✱ ✬ ✩
✓
✻ ❂
✣ ✟
✬ ✩ ✴ ✳
✟
✮
❀
❂
✟
✬ ✩
✣
✱ ✲ ✳
✣
✲ ✲
✤
✰ ✮
✑
✱ ✲ ✻
✟
✬ ✻ ✰
✌
❍
✣ ❀
✻ ✲ ✻ ❂
✟
✬ ✬
✣ ✟
✮
✣
✮ ✰
✌
❍
✣ ❀
✻ ✲
✍
❙ ✰
✓
✻ ❂
✣
✲
✣ ✑
✱ ✲ ✻
✟
✬ ✻ ✰
✌
❍
✣ ❀
✻ ✲ ✲
✣ ✣ ✵
✻ ✰
✵
✰ ■
✣ ✟
✳ ✰ ✬ ✩ ✯ ✱ ✻ ❂ ❢ ✰ ✴
✓ ✌
✴ ✻ ✻ ❂
✣
✬
✣ ✟
✮
✣
✮ ✰
✌
❍
✣ ❀
✻ ✲ ✱ ✬ ✰
❊ ❊
✰ ✲ ✱ ✻
✣
✑
✱ ✮
✣ ❀
✻ ✱ ✰ ✬
✍
✝ ✷ ✞
✜ ❉
✒ ✏ ✡ ☛
✔
☞
✵ ✥ ✟
✲
✟
✴ ✬ ✱ ✻ ✰
✤
✳
✣
✬ ✩ ✻ ❂
✡ ❊ ✟
✮ ✲
✣ ❀
✱ ✲
✑ ✣ ✤
✱ ✬
✣ ✑
✻ ✰
✌ ✣ ✣ ❏
✴
✟
✳ ✻ ✰
✒ ✍ ☛
✽ ✾
✏ ✡ ☛
✔
☞
✵ ✍
✝ ✷ ✝ ✢ ✡ ✍ ✒
✦
❊ ✟
✮ ✲
✣ ❀ ✥
✦
✍
✖ ✾
❑ ✭
✲
✣ ❀
✰ ✬
✑
✰
✤ ✟
✮
❀ ✠
✝ ✷ ✝ ✪ ✡ ✍
✾
✏ ✡ ☛
✸
★ ✩
✵
▲
✸
✥
✻ ❂
✣ ✵ ✟
✲ ✲
✑ ✣
✬ ✲ ✱ ✻ ❢ ✰
✤
✻ ❂
✣
❙ ✴ ✬ ✱ ✲ ✱ ✬ ✻ ❂
✣
✮
✟
✬ ✩
✣
✰
✤ ✑ ✣
✬ ✲ ✱ ✻ ✱
✣
✲ ✰
✤
✳ ✱
❏
✴ ✱
✑
✲
❆
✲ ✰ ✳ ✱
✑
✲
✟
✬
✑
♥ ▼ ❖ ✩
✟
✲
✣
✲
✍
❁ ❂ ✱ ✲ ❂ ✱ ✩ ❂
✑ ✣
✬ ✲ ✱ ✻ ❢
✟
✮ ✱ ✲
✣
✲
✑
✴
✣
✻ ✰ ✱ ✬ ✯
✟
✮
✑
✩ ✮
✟
■ ✱ ✻
✟
✻ ✱ ✰ ✬
✟
✳
✟
✻ ✻ ✮
✟ ❀
✻ ✱ ✰ ✬
✰ ✬ ✰ ✴ ✻
✣
✮ ✳
✟
❢
✣
✮ ✲
✑
✴
✣
✻ ✰ ✱ ✬ ✬
✣
✮ ✳
✟
❢
✣
✮ ✲ ✰
✤
✻ ❂
✣
❙ ✴ ✬
✍
✝ ✷ ✝
✫
✡ ✍
✾ ✦ ✕
✏ ✡ ☛
P
★
✵
◗ ❘ ❚ ❯ ❱ ❳ ❚

❆   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✁ ✷ ✷ ✆
✝ ✞ ✝ ✟ ❍ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✥ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✥ ✒ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✔ ✡ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✏ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✒ ✙ ✔ ✚ ✚ ✒ ✙ ☛ ✛ ✔ ✚ ✥ ✎ ✕ ✌ ✠ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✍ ❂ ✈ ✴ ✈
✜ ✜
✢ ✘ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✈
✜ ✜
✠ ✏ ☛ ✘ ✒
✏ s ✒ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✛ ✚ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✛ ✌ ✕ ✕ ✖
✝ ✞ ✝
✣ ✤
✙ ✙ ✎ ✚ ✌ ✙
✦
✔ ✛
✧
s ✌ ✚ ☛ ✠ ✡
✧ ★
✶ ✶
☛ ✔
✧ ★
✶ ✩
✝ ✞ ✝ ✪ ✫
★
✖ ✬ ✭
✧ ★
✸
✮ ✯ ✥
➊ ✸
✖ ✳ ✡ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✠ ✓ s ✘ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✥ ✏ ✌ ✚ ✒ ☛ ✠ ✯ ✘ ☛ ✕
✦
s ✌ ✙ ✮ ✒ ✓ ✰ ✏ ✔ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✥ ✠ ✙ ✥ ✌ ✏ ✏
✓ ✒ ✡ ✏ ✠ ☛
✦
✠ ✏ ✙ ✕ ✔ ✏ ✒ ☛ ✔ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✥ ✌ ✏ ✏ ✓ ✒ ✡ ✏ ✠ ☛
✦
✔ ✛ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✠ ✓ ✖
✝ ✞ ✝ ✱ ✫
★
✖ ✵ ✭
✧ ★
✶ ✲
✥
➊ ✸
✹ ✺✎ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✚ ✓ ✒ ✡ ✏ ✠ ☛
✦
✠ ✏ ☛
✦
s ✠ ✙ ✌ ✕ ✕
✦ ✧ ★
✶ ✻
☛ ✠ ✥ ✒ ✏ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✥ ✠ ✙ ✓ ✒ ✡ ✏ ✠ ☛
✦
✔ ✛ ✥ ✌ ☛ ☛ ✒ ✚ ✖
✝ ✞ ✝
✼
✵ ✖
✽ ✾
✭
✧ ★
✲
✥
✝ ✞ ✿ ❀ ❁ ❁ ✖
✽
✮ ✥
✝ ✞ ✿
❃ ❄
✖
✽
✭
✧ ★
✩ ✩
✮ ✥
✝ ✞ ✿ ✝ ✵ ✰ ❁
✽ ✧
✮ ✥
✝ ✞ ✿ ✿ ❍ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ☛ ✘ ✒
❅
✎ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✠ ☛
✦ ❡
❇
✴
❈ ✧ ❉ ❊
❋
●
■
❏
♠
♣
✥
❑
✩
✙
✸
▲ ▼
✘ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✥ ✒ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✔ ✡ ✔ ✛ ☛ ✠ ✥ ✒ ✖
◆❖ P ◗ ❘❙ ❚
✿
✿ ✞
❃ ❈
✌
▼
✰
❈
✑
▼
✿ ✞ ✝
❈
✌
▼ ✤
✞ ✞ ✞ ✞
❯
✰
❈
✑
▼ ✤
✞ ✞ ✞ ✞
❯
✰
❈
✙
▼ ❯
✞ ✞ ✞ ✞
✤
✰
❈
✓
▼ ❱
✌ ✥ ✒ ✰
❈
✒
▼ ❯
✞ ✞ ✞ ✞
✤
✞ ✞ ✞ ✞ ✔ ✡ ✙ ✒ ✞
✿ ✞ ❲ ✵ ✬ ✏
✿ ✞ ✟
✧ ★ ★ ★
✮ ✥ ✴ ✘
✿ ✞
✣
✵ ✖
★ ❉
✥ ✏
➊
✩
❳
✧ ✧
✖
✾
✏
✿ ✞ ✪
✧ ❄
❁
★
✥
❈
❍ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞
❨
✠ ✒ ✢ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✥ ✔ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✡ ✔ ✛
❯
✚ ✒ ✕ ✌ ☛ ✠
❨
✒ ☛ ✔
✤ ▼
✿ ✞ ✱
✧
✥ ✏
➊
✩
❈
❍ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞
❨
✠ ✒ ✢ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✥ ✔ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✡ ✔ ✛
❯
✌ ✡ ✓ ❩ ✚ ✒ ✕ ✌ ☛ ✠
❨
✒ ☛ ✔
✤ ▼
✿ ✞
✼ ❬
❂
❭
✥ ✠ ✡ ✰ ✏ s ✒ ✒ ✓ ❂
✾ ★
✮ ✥ ✴ ✘ ✖ ❍ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✈
❬
✴
❈
✈ ✹
❄ ★ ▼
❂
✧ ✽
❳ ✈
❬
✴
❈
✈
❪ ❄ ★ ▼
❂
❉
✿ ✞
❃
❀
❈
✌
▼ ❫
✒ ✚ ☛ ✠ ✙ ✌ ✕ ✕
✦
✓ ✔ ✢ ✡ ✢ ✌ ✚ ✓ ✏ ❳
❈
✑
▼ ❴
✒ ✚ ✔
❨
✒ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✠ ☛
✦
✰ ✌ ✙ ✙ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✚ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✡ ✔ ✛
❭
✖
✽
✥ ✏
❵
✩
✓ ✔ ✢ ✡ ✢ ✌ ✚ ✓ ✏ ❳
❈
✙
▼ ① ❛ ★ ❈
✎ s ✢ ✌ ✚ ✓ ✌ ✡ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✢ ✡ ✢ ✌ ✚ ✓ ✥ ✔ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✡
▼
❳ ✈
❜ ★ ❈
✎ s ✢ ✌ ✚ ✓
▼
✰ ✈
❛ ★ ❈
✓ ✔ ✢ ✡ ✢ ✌ ✚ ✓
▼
✰
❝ ❛ ★
☛ ✘ ✚ ✔ ✎ ✯ ✘ ✔ ✎ ☛ ❳
❈
✓
▼ ✾ ✾
✖
✧
✥ ✰
❉
✏ ✖
✿ ✞
❃ ❃ ❈
✌
▼
✗ ✚ ✎ ✒ ❳ ✰
❈
✑
▼
❞ ✌ ✕ ✏ ✒ ❳
❈
✙
▼
✗ ✚ ✎ ✒
❈
✠ ✛ ☛ ✘ ✒ s ✌ ✚ ☛ ✠ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✑ ✔ ✎ ✡ ✓ ✏ ✠ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✕
✦
✢ ✠ ☛ ✘ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✒ ✏ s ✒ ✒ ✓ ✰ ✠ ☛
✠ ✥ s ✕ ✠ ✒ ✏ ✠ ✡ ✛ ✠ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✌ ✙ ✙ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✚ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✡ ✢ ✘ ✠ ✙ ✘ ✠ ✏ ✎ ✡ s ✘
✦
✏ ✠ ✙ ✌ ✕
▼
❳
❈
✓
▼
❞ ✌ ✕ ✏ ✒
❈
☛ ✚ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✡ ✕
✦
✢ ✘ ✒ ✡ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✙ ✘ ✔ ✏ ✒ ✡
s ✔ ✏ ✠ ☛ ✠
❨
✒ ✓ ✠ ✚ ✒ ✙ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✡ ✠ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✡ ✯ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✚ ✒ ✙ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✡ ✔ ✛ ✥ ✔ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✡
▼
✿ ✞
❃
❲
❈
✌
▼
❁ ✮ ✥ ✘
➊
✶
✰ ❁ ✮ ✥ ✘
➊
✶
❳
❈
✑
▼ ★
✰
❉
✮ ✥ ✘
➊
✶
❳
❈
✙
▼
15
8
✮ ✥ ✘
➊
✶
✰
45
8
✮ ✥ ✘
➊
✶
✿ ✞
❃
✟
❯
✒ ✙ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✒ ✰ ✛ ✔ ✚ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✚ ✑ ✠ ☛ ✚ ✌ ✚ ✠ ✕
✦
✏ ✥ ✌ ✕ ✕ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✚
❨
✌ ✕ ✔ ✛ ☛ ✠ ✥ ✒ ✰ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✥ ✌ ✯ ✡ ✠ ☛ ✎ ✓ ✒ ✔ ✛ ✓ ✠ ✏ s ✕ ✌ ✙ ✒ ✥ ✒ ✡ ☛ ✠ ✏ ✒
❅
✎ ✌ ✕
☛ ✔ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✕ ✒ ✡ ✯ ☛ ✘ ✔ ✛ ☛ ✘ ✒ s ✌ ☛ ✘ ✖
✿ ✞
❃ ✣ ✤
✕ ✕ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✛ ✔ ✎ ✚ ✯ ✚ ✌ s ✘ ✏ ✌ ✚ ✒ ✠ ✥ s ✔ ✏ ✏ ✠ ✑ ✕ ✒ ✖
❈
✌
▼
✌ s ✌ ✚ ☛ ✠ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✌ ✡ ✡ ✔ ☛ ✘ ✌
❨
✒ ☛ ✢ ✔ ✓ ✠ ✛ ✛ ✒ ✚ ✒ ✡ ☛ s ✔ ✏ ✠ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✡ ✏ ✌ ☛
☛ ✘ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✒ ☛ ✠ ✥ ✒ ❳
❈
✑
▼
✌ s ✌ ✚ ☛ ✠ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✌ ✡ ✡ ✔ ☛ ✘ ✌
❨
✒
❨
✒ ✕ ✔ ✙ ✠ ☛
✦
✠ ✡ ✔ s s ✔ ✏ ✠ ☛ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✚ ✒ ✙ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✡ ✏ ✌ ☛ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✏ ✌ ✥ ✒
☛ ✠ ✥ ✒ ❳
❈
✙
▼
✏ s ✒ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✏ ✌ ✕ ✢ ✌
✦
✏ ✡ ✔ ✡
t
✡ ✒ ✯ ✌ ☛ ✠
❨
✒ ❳
❈
✓
▼
☛ ✔ ☛ ✌ ✕ s ✌ ☛ ✘ ✕ ✒ ✡ ✯ ☛ ✘ ✔ ✛ ✌ s ✌ ✚ ☛ ✠ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✙ ✌ ✡ ✡ ✒
❨
✒ ✚
✓ ✒ ✙ ✚ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✒ ✢ ✠ ☛ ✘ ☛ ✠ ✥ ✒ ✖
❈
✺✔ ☛ ✒ ✰ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✌ ✚ ✚ ✔ ✢ ✏ ✔ ✡ ☛ ✘ ✒ ✯ ✚ ✌ s ✘ ✏ ✌ ✚ ✒ ✥ ✒ ✌ ✡ ✠ ✡ ✯ ✕ ✒ ✏ ✏
▼
✖
✿ ✞
❃
✪ ✺✔ ✰ ✢ ✚ ✔ ✡ ✯ ✖
① t
❢ s ✕ ✔ ☛ ✓ ✔ ✒ ✏ ✡ ✔ ☛ ✏ ✘ ✔ ✢ ☛ ✘ ✒ ☛ ✚ ✌ ❣ ✒ ✙ ☛ ✔ ✚
✦
✔ ✛ ✌ s ✌ ✚ ☛ ✠ ✙ ✕ ✒ ✖ ❩✔ ✡ ☛ ✒ ❤ ☛ ☞
✤
✑ ✔ ✓
✦
✠ ✏ ✓ ✚ ✔ s s ✒ ✓
✛ ✚ ✔ ✥ ✌ ☛ ✔ ✢ ✒ ✚
❈ ①
❂
★ ▼
✌ ☛ ❢ ❂
★
✖
✿ ✞
❃
✱
✧ ★
❁ ✥ ✏
❵
✶
❆   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✁ ✷ ✷ ✆
✸ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✭ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✌ ✌ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✑ ✔ ✒ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✖ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✎ ✗ ✑ ✘ ✗ ✙ ✘ ✏ ✚ ✛ ✗ ✍ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✒ ✜ ✓ ✚ ✑ ✖ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✠ ✢ ✠ ✌ ✌ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✏ ✚ ✑ ✣ ✏ ✏ ✚
✠ ✓ ✚ ✔ ✒ ❛ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✒ ✣ ✣ ✒ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✏ ✢ ✠ ✌ ✌ ✢ ✕ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✣ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✤ ✭ ☞ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✠ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✢ ✓ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✏ ✗ ✓ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✠ ✌
❛ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✈ ✎ ✏ ☞ ✒ ✜ ✓ ✚ ✗ ✓ ✥ ✖ ✎ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✖ ✌ ✒ ✒ ✎ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✜ ✙ ✏ ✚ ✑ ✣ ✏ ✏ ✚ ✠ ✖ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✙ ✕ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✤ ✭ ✙ ✡ ☛ ✜ ✓ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✈
✔ ✒ ❛ ✗ ✓ ✥ ✙ ✎ ✗ ✙ ✘ ✏ ✍ ☞ ✠ ✌ ✌ ✍ ✜ ✎ ✓ ✏ ✚ ☞ ✠ ✙ ✘ ☞ ✈ ✕ ✗ ✍ ✍ ✗ ✓ ✥ ✗ ✍ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✠ ☞ ✠ ✍ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✠ ❛ ✏ ✎ ✈ ✑ ✕ ✒ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✗ ✔ ✏ ♠ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✏ ✎ ❛ ✠ ✌ ✦
✸ ✝
✧ ★ ① ✩ ✪
✛
✫ ✩ ✪
✛
✬ ✮ ✪
✤
① ✮ ✪
✛
✫ ✮ ✪
✛
✬ ✩ ✪
✤
① ✩ ✪
✛
✫ ✮ ✪
✛
✬ ✮ ✪
✦
✸ ✝
✧
✞ ● ✎ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✓ ✯ ✛ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✓ ✰ ✤
✫ ✮ ✪
✗ ✓ ✱ ✠ ✓ ✚ ✰ ✛
✫ ✩ ✪
✗ ✓ ✯ ✦
✸ ✝
✧ ✧
☛ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✠ ✥ ✓ ✗ ✍ ✜ ✚ ✏ ✥ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✓ ✰ ✤ ✑ ✣ ✏ ✏ ✚ ✥ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✓ ✯ ✤
✫ ✮ ✪
✗ ✓ ✱ ✛ ✰ ✠ ✓ ✚ ✯ ✤
✬ ✮ ✪
✗ ✓ ✱
✠ ✓ ✚ ✯ ✛
✬ ✩ ✪
✗ ✓ ✰ ✤
✬ ✲ ✪
✠ ✍ ☛ ✛
✳
✛
✴
✛
✵
✦
✸ ✝
✧
✸ ☛ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✗ ✥ ✕ ✍ ✌ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✗ ✓ ✙ ✌ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✚ ✢ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✗ ✔ ✏ ♠ ✠
✶
✗ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✜ ✓ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✈ ✠ ✙ ✙ ✏ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✚ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✤ ✣ ✠ ✎ ✠ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✍ ✒
✍ ✕ ✏ ✍ ✗ ✔ ✏ ♠ ✠
✶
✗ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✜ ✓ ✗ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✔ ✒ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✦
✸ ✝
✧
✹ ✱
✪
✑ ✛ ✱
✪
✑
✸ ✝
✧ ✺
✭ ✠ ✡ ✱ ✯ ✘ ✔ ✕
➊ ✻
✤ ✭ ☞ ✡
✼
✘ ✔ ✕
➊ ✻
✤ ✭ ✙ ✡ ✰
✪
✑ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✎ ✚ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✛ ❛ ✗ ✏ ✢ ✏ ✚ ☞ ✈ ✠ ✓ ✈ ✒ ✓ ✏ ✒ ✖ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✣ ✠ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✛
✍ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✏ ✏ ✚ ✒ ✖ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✙ ✕ ✗ ✌ ✚ ✗ ✑
t
✘ ✔ ✕
➊ ✻
✗ ✓ ✏ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✎ ✚ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✤ ✠ ✓ ✑ ✢ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✒ ✭ ✙ ✡ ✗ ✑ ✜ ✓ ✠ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✦
✸ ✝
✧
✽
①
✾
✿
①
✻
✲
✱
✼
❀ ✭ ✌ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✠ ✎ ✣ ✠ ✎ ✍ ✡ ✤
①
✾
✿
①
✻
✲
✰
✪ ✪
❂ ✯
✪
❀ ✿
✼
❀
✾
✭ ✙ ✜ ✎ ❛ ✏ ✚ ✣ ✠ ✎ ✍ ✡ ✦
✸ ✝
✧ ❁
✭ ✠ ✡
❃ ✪
✔ ✛
❃
✔ ✑
❄ ✻
✤ ✭ ☞ ✡ ✯
❃
✔ ✛
t
✔ ✑
❄ ✻
✸ ✝
✧
❅ ✭ ✙ ✡ ✛ ✭ ✚ ✡ ✛ ✭ ✖ ✡
❈❇ ❉ ❊ ❋❍ ■
✹
✹ ✝ ✞
❱
✒ ✌ ✜ ✔ ✏ ✛ ✔ ✠ ✑ ✑ ✛ ✑ ✣ ✏ ✏ ✚ ✛ ✚ ✏ ✓ ✑ ✗ ✍ ✈ ✛ ✓ ✜ ✔ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✒ ✖ ✔ ✒ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✛ ✠ ✓ ✥ ✜ ✌ ✠ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✏
♦
✜ ✏ ✓ ✙ ✈ ✠ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✙ ✠ ✌ ✠ ✎ ✑ ✤ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✍
✠ ✎ ✏ ❛ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✦
✹ ✝
✧
❲ ✒ ✎ ✘ ✛ ✙ ✜ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✍
✹ ✝ ✸
❏
✔ ✣ ✜ ✌ ✑ ✏
✹ ✝ ✹ ❖ ✓ ✌ ✈ ✭ ✙ ✡ ✠ ✓ ✚ ✭ ✚ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✏ ✣ ✏ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✏
✹ ✝
✺
✭ ✠ ✡
❑
✛ ✭ ☞ ✡
▲
✛ ✭ ✙ ✡
▲
✛ ✭ ✚ ✡
❑
✛ ✭ ✏ ✡
❑
✹ ✝ ✽ ▼ ✗ ✓ ✍ ◆
❑
✕ ✏ ✑ ✜ ✔ ✭ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✖ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✙ ✏ ✡ ✒ ✖ ✠ ✓ ✈ ✍ ✢ ✒ ✑ ✗ ✚ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✖ ✠ ✍ ✎ ✗ ✠ ✓ ✥ ✌ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✓ ✏ ❛ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✑ ✭ ✥ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✎ ✡ ✍ ✕ ✠ ✓ ✍ ✕ ✏
✍ ✕ ✗ ✎ ✚ ✑ ✗ ✚ ✏ ✦ P
♦
✜ ✠ ✌ ✗ ✍ ✈ ✕ ✒ ✌ ✚ ✑ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✙ ✒ ✌ ✌ ✗ ✓ ✏ ✠ ✎ ❛ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✑ ✦
✹ ✝
❁
☛ ✌ ✌ ✑ ✍ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✑ ✏
✶
✙ ✏ ✣ ✍ ✭ ✠ ✡ ✠ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✒ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✍
✹ ✝ ❅ ◗
✪ ✪
✔ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✠ ✙ ✕ ✤
✳
✹ ✝ ✟ ✭ ✠ ✡ ❖ ✤ ✭ ☞ ✡ ❖ ✤ ✭ ✙ ✡ ✰ ✱ ✦ ◗ ✘ ✔ ✕
➊ ✻
✹ ✝ ✞
★ ✵
✗ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✠ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✍ ✒ ✖ ✔ ✠ ✥ ✓ ✗ ✍ ✜ ✚ ✏ ✱ ✘ ✔ ✠ ✓ ✚ ✚ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✓
❃ ✪
❘
✢ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✗ ✓ ✗ ✍ ✗ ✠ ✌ ✚ ✗ ✎ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✗ ✒ ✓ ✤ ✍ ✒ ✍ ✠ ✌ ✣ ✠ ✍ ✕
✌ ✏ ✓ ✥ ✍ ✕
✲
✱ ✦
✼
✘ ✔ ✭ ✍ ✕ ✗ ✎ ✚ ✍ ✜ ✎ ✓ ✡ ✤ ✓ ✜ ✌ ✌ ✚ ✗ ✑ ✣ ✌ ✠ ✙ ✏ ✔ ✏ ✓ ✍ ❛ ✏ ✙ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✤ ✣ ✠ ✍ ✕ ✌ ✏ ✓ ✥ ✍ ✕
✲
✯ ✘ ✔ ✭ ✑ ✗
✶
✍ ✕ ✍ ✜ ✎ ✓ ✡ ✤
❙ ❃ ❃
✔ ✛ ✯
✪
❘
✛ ◗ ✘ ✔ ✭ ✏ ✗ ✥ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✜ ✎ ✓ ✡
✹ ✝ ✞ ✞ ✭ ✠ ✡ ◗
t
✦ ✯ ✘ ✔ ✕
➊ ✻
✤ ✭ ☞ ✡ ✰ ✱ ✦ ◗ ✘ ✔ ✕
➊ ✻
✦ ❚ ✒ ✛ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✠ ❛ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✥ ✏ ✑ ✣ ✏ ✏ ✚ ✏
♦
✜ ✠ ✌ ✑ ✠ ❛ ✏ ✎ ✠ ✥ ✏ ❛ ✏ ✌ ✒ ✙ ✗ ✍ ✈ ✔ ✠ ✥ ✓ ✗ ✍ ✜ ✚ ✏
✒ ✓ ✌ ✈ ✖ ✒ ✎ ✠ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✗ ✥ ✕ ✍ ✣ ✠ ✍ ✕ ✦
✹ ✝ ✞
✧
☛ ☞ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✱
❙
❘
✢ ✗ ✍ ✕ ✍ ✕ ✏ ❛ ✏ ✎ ✍ ✗ ✙ ✠ ✌ ✛ ✍ ✒ ✢ ✠ ✎ ✚ ✑ ✍ ✕ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✜ ✍ ✕ ✦
✹ ✝ ✞ ✸ ✱
✼
✔ ✗ ✓ ✛ ❯
✼ ✪
✔
✹ ✝ ✞ ✹ P ✠ ✑ ✍ ✭ ✠ ✣ ✣ ✎ ✒
✶
✗ ✔ ✠ ✍ ✏ ✌ ✈ ✡
✹ ✝ ✞
✺
✱
✼ ✪
✦
✼
✔
✹ ✝ ✞ ✽
✼ ✪
✔
❆   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✁ ✷ ✷ ✷
✹ ✆ ✝ ✞ ✾ ✟ ✾ ✠ ✡
✲ ☛
✱ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ☞ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✡ ☞ ✑ ✓ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✚ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✛ ☞ ✔ ✕ ✡ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✜ ✓ ✎ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✟
✹ ✆ ✝
✢ ✻
✟
✣
✏
✹ ✆ ✝ ✤ ✭ ☞ ✥ ✦ ☞ ✌ ✡ ✓ ✭ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✙ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✗ ✎ ✖ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✠ ✜ ✖ ✔ ✜ ✗ ✌ ☞ ✔ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✥
✭
★
✥
✩
✔ ✗ ✓ ✱ ✭ ✜ ✥
✩
✔ ✗ ✓ ✟
✹ ✆
✪ ✫
✭ ☞ ✥ vi j() (.
✬ ✬
)tt ✮ ✯30 4 . 0
✬
()
✬
aj t ✮ ✯ 4.0
✭
★
✥
✰
✟
✳ ✣
✠ ✡
➊ ✴
✱
✵ ✶ ✸
✛ ✖ ✑ ✒
① ✺
☞
✼
✖ ✡ ✟
✹ ✆
✪
✝ ✭ ☞ ✥ ✽ ✡ ✱ ✽
✣
✠ ✱ ✽ ✿ ✟ ✽
✻
✠ ✡
➊ ✴
✹ ✆
✪ ✪ 2 ✱
✣ ✳
♦
✛ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✓
① ✺
☞
✼
✖ ✡ ❀ 2 ✱ ❁
✣ ✳
♦
✛ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✓
① ✺
☞
✼
✖ ✡ ✱
❂ ❃
52 1 2/, / ✯ ✟
✹ ✆
✪ ❄
✭
★
✥ ☞ ✎ ✕ ✭ ✓ ✥
✹ ✆
✪
✹ ❖ ✎ ✌ ✙ ✭ ✓ ✥ ✖ ✡ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✓
✹ ✆
✪
❅ ✿
✰
✽ ✠ ✡
➊ ✴
✹ ✆
✪
✞ ◆ ✍ ✟ ❇ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✖ ✎ ❣ ❈ ❉ ❈ ❊ ❋ ● ✜ ☞ ✎ ✎ ✍ ✑
★
✓ ☞ ✡ ✡ ✍ ✜ ✖ ☞ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✛ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✘ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✡
✹ ✆
✪ ✢
❍ ✘ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✜ ☞ ✎
★
✓ ☞ ✡ ✡ ✍ ✜ ✖ ☞ ✑ ✓ ✕ ✛ ✖ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✚ ✌ ☞ ✎ ✓ ☞ ✔ ✓ ☞
✹ ✆
✪
✤ ◆✍
✹ ✆
❄ ✫
❍ ✑ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✧ ✡ ✖ ✎
✲
✴
✭ ✿ ■ ❏ ✥ ❑ ✿ ✾ ✟
✳ ✸
✛ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✖ ✜ ☞ ✌ ❀ ✿
✻
▲ ✠ ✟
✹ ✆
❄
✝
✶
✟
✰ ✻
✠ ✡
➊
☛
✱
✳ ✣
✟
✳ ✸
✛ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✧ ✘ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✜ ✖ ✑ ✙
▼P ◗ ❘ ❙❚ ❯
❅
❅ ✆ ✝ ✭ ☞ ✥ ✑ ✍ ✭ ✕ ✥ ◆ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✜ ✓ ☞ ✜ ✜ ✍ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✦ ✖ ✔ ✡ ✑
❱
☞ ✛
✭ ✓ ✥ ◆ ✍ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✜ ✓ ✱ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✜ ✓ ✖ ✑ ✖ ✡ ✧ ☞ ✔ ☞ ✛ ☞ ✙ ✧ ✔ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✠ ☞ ✑ ✓ ✔ ✖ ☞ ✌ ☞ ✏ ✓ ✎ ✜ ✖ ✓ ✡ ✚ ✔ ✍ ✕ ✗ ✜ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✔ ✍ ✠ ☞ ✏ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✖ ✜
☞ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✔ ☞ ✘ ✖ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✌ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✜ ✓ ✡ ✟
❅ ✆
✪ ✩
✒ ✓ ✍ ✎ ✌ ✙ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✜ ✓ ✖ ✎ ✓ ☞ ✜ ✒ ✜ ☞ ✡ ✓ ✖ ✡ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✜ ✓ ✍ ✧ ✏ ✔ ☞ ✘ ✖ ✑ ✙ ✱ ✭ ✎ ✓ ✏ ✌ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✧ ✧ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✡ ✍ ✧ ☞ ✖ ✔ ✥ ✓ ❲ ✗ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✍
✶
✟
✳
◆ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✖ ✜ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✙ ✕ ✍ ✛ ✎ ✛ ☞ ✔ ✕ ✟
✩
✒ ✓ ☞ ✎ ✡ ✛ ✓ ✔ ✡ ✕ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✜ ✒ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✓ ✱ ✓ ✘ ✓ ✎ ✖ ✧ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✧ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✚ ✓
★ ★
✌ ✓
✖ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✖ ✜ ☞ ✌ ✟
✩
✒ ✓ ✚ ✓
★ ★
✌ ✓ ✖ ✡ ✎ ✍ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✔ ✓ ✡ ✑ ☞ ✑ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✒ ✖ ✏ ✒ ✓ ✡ ✑ ✚ ✍ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✟
✐
✑ ✒ ☞ ✡ ☞ ✜ ✍ ✎ ✡ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑
✒ ✍ ✔ ✖
❤
✍ ✎ ✑ ☞ ✌ ✜ ✍ ✠ ✚ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✧ ✘ ✓ ✌ ✍ ✜ ✖ ✑ ✙ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✒ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✖ ✑ ✡ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✟
❅ ✆
❄
✭ ☞ ✥ ✿ ◆ ✘ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✖ ✜ ☞ ✌ ✌ ✙ ✕ ✍ ✛ ✎ ✛ ☞ ✔ ✕ ✡ ✭
★
✥ ✡ ☞ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✭ ☞ ✥
✭ ✜ ✥ ✡ ☞ ✠ ✓ ☞ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✭ ☞ ✥ ❀ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✜ ✓ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✖ ✎ ✡ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✕ ✓ ✚ ✓ ✎ ✕ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✡ ✖ ✑ ✗ ☞ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ☞ ✑ ✑ ✒ ☞ ✑ ✖ ✎ ✡ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✱ ✎ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✎
✒ ✖ ✡ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✙ ✟
✭ ✕ ✥
✶
✟ ✿ ◆ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✧ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✧ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✑ ✔ ☞ ✖ ✎ ✟
❅ ✆ ✹ ✭ ✖ ✥
✩
❅ ✆ ❅ ❋ ❑ ❁ ✽ ✟
✳
✠ ✡
➊
☛
✟ ❳ ✡ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✈ ❑ ✉ ❨ ❋ ❛ ✱
✶
❑ ✿
✳
❁ ✽ ✟
✳
❛ ✖ ✟ ✓ ✟ ✱ ❛ ❑
✻
✟
✶
✡
❅ ✆
❩
❋ ❑ ✿ ✟
✳
■ ✽
✳
❑
✶
✟
✶ ✻
✠ ✡
➊
☛
❬
❑ ❏
❭ ✶
✟
✶ ✻
❑
✶
✟ ✿
✰
◆ ✖ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✧ ✠ ✍ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✟
❅ ✆ ✞ ❇ ✓ ✡ ✗ ✌ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✜ ✓ ❑ ✿
✶
◆ ☞ ✑ ☞ ✎ ☞ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✓ ✍ ✧ ✑ ☞ ✎
➊ ✴
✭ ❏ ■
✣
✥ ❑ ❏
✵ ✸
✛ ✖ ✑ ✒ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✧
✰
◆ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✜ ✓ ✟
❍ ✜ ✜ ✓ ✌ ✓ ✔ ☞ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ❑ ✽ ✠ ✡
➊
☛
✖ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✔ ✓ ✜ ✑ ✖ ✍ ✎ ✍ ✧ ✑ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✓ ✡ ✗ ✌ ✑ ☞ ✎ ✑ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✜ ✓ ✟
❅ ✆
✢
❋ ❑ ❁ ✽ ✟
✳
✠ ✡
➊
☛
✱ ❇ ✓ ✑ ☞ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✏ ✧ ✍ ✔ ✜ ✓ ❑
✣ ✻ ✳ ❭
✽ ✟
✳
❑ ✿ ✟ ✽
❭
✿
✶
❪
◆
❅ ✆ ✤
❬
❁ ✽
✶
✱
✶ ✶ ✶ ❭
✿
✶
❑ ✽
✶ ✶ ✶ ✶ ❭ ✳
✟
✶
✱ ✖ ✟ ✓ ✟ ✱
❬
❑ ❏ ✟
✶ ❭
✿
✶
❫
◆
❅ ✆ ✝
✫
❋ ❑ ❁ ✽
✶
✠ ✡
➊
☛
✶ ❴
❛
❴
❏
✶
✡
❆   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✁ ✷ ✷ ✆
t ✥ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✠ ① ✥ ✉ t ✥ ✝ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✞ ✥ ✝ ✞ ☛ ✌
t ✥
✍
✞ ✟ ✠ ① ✥ ✉ t
✎ ✏ ✑ ✒ ❛
t
✓
✥
✏
✡ ☛ ☞
✍
✞ ✝ ✡ ☛ ☞
✔ ✍
✞
✒
✌ ✥ ✝
✔ ✕
✌
t ✥ ✡ ☛ ☛ ✟ ✠
❋ ✖ ✗
✟
✘ ✙ ✚ ✛
✟
✖ ✜ ✢ ✗
✌
✚ ✘ ✖ ✚ ✛ ✣ ✤ ✘ ✚ ✦
☛ ✟
①
✶
✥ ✡ ☛ ☞
✦
☛ ✝ ✡ ☛ ☞
❂
☛ ☛ ✥ ✝
✧ ★
☛ ☛ ✌
✩
✘
t ✥
✦
☛ ✟ ✪ ✈ ✥ ✡ ☛ ✝
✍
☛ ☞
✦
☛ ✥ ✝ ✞
❂
☛ ✌ ✟
✲
✶
❋ ✚ ✗
✌
✚ ✘ ✖ ✚ ✛
✫
✗ ✚
✌
✦
☛ ✟
✘ ✚
✡ ☛ ☛ ✟ ✠ ①
✓
✥ ✝ ✞
❂
☛ ☞
★
☛ ✥ ✝ ✬ ✡
✦
☛ ☛ ✌
① ✥ ①
✶
✎
①
✓
✥ ✝ ✞ ☛
✕
✌
✺ ✭ ✮ ✮
✏
✯
✒
✰
✢
❡
✚ ✙ ✖ ✘
✱
✚
✫
✙
✯
✗ ✏
✯
✘
t ✥ ✡ ☛ ✟
✒
✥ ☛
✎ ✍
☞ ✡ ☛ ✥
✍
☛ ✌ ✟
➊ ✶
❇ ✱
✘
✳
✢ ❋ ✖ ✗
✟
✘
✴ ✯ ✵ ✪
✘
✳
✢
✳
✚ ✗ ✖
✸
✚ ✛ ✘
✯ ❡
✙ ✚
✌
✤ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✛ ✘ ✚
✫ ✹
✢
❡
✚ ✙ ✖ ✘
✱
✖
✟
✍
☛ ✌ ✟
➊ ✶
✘
✳
✗ ✚ ✣
✻ ✳
✚ ✣ ✘
✼
✰
✢ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✙
✯ ❡
✙ ✚
✌
✤ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✛ ✘ ✚
✫ ✹
✢
❡
✚ ✙ ✖ ✘
✱
✏
✯
✘
t ✥ ✡ ✡ ✟
✒
✥ ☛
✎
✡ ☛ ☞ ✡ ✥ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✟
➊ ✶
✰
✢
❡
✚ ✙ ✖ ✘
✱
✚
✫ ✟
✘ ✚ ✛ ✢ ✏
✯
✘
t ✥ ✡ ✡ ✟
✒
✥
✽ ✾ ✿ ✾ ❀ ✾ ✾ ✽ ✽ ❁
❃ ❃
❄ ❅ ❅ ❈
❉ ❊
♠ ●
✯
✘
✯
✛
✯
✛
✻ ❡
✢ ✚
✫
✘
✯
✛
➊ ✶
✏ ✑ ✒
✵
✖ ✘
✳
✘
✳
✢
✳
✚ ✗ ✖
✸
✚ ✛ ✘
✯ ❡ ✼
✏
❍
✒
✡ ☛ ✌ ✟
✲ ✓
✹
✢ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✙
✯ ❡ ❡ ✱
✜ ✚
✵
✛
✵ ✯
✗ ✜
✟ ✼
✺ ✭ ✮ ■
✏
✯
✒
✩
✘ ✘
✳
✢ ✢
❏
✘ ✗ ✢
✌
✢ ✤ ✚
✟
✖ ✘ ✖ ✚ ✛
✪
✘
✳
✢
✟
✤ ✢ ✢ ✜ ✚
✫
✘
✳
✢
❍
✚
❍
✖
✟ ✸
✢ ✗ ✚
✼ ❑ ✫
✘
✳
✢
✟
✘ ✗ ✖ ✛
✻
✖
✟
✙ ✣ ✘
✪
✖ ✘
✵
✖
❡ ❡ ✫ ✯ ❡ ❡
✹
✢ ✗ ✘ ✖ ✙
✯ ❡ ❡ ✱
✜ ✚
✵
✛
✵ ✯
✗ ✜
✟ ✼
✏
❍
✒
✩
✘ ✘
✳
✢
✌
✢
✯
✛ ✤ ✚
✟
✖ ✘ ✖ ✚ ✛
✪
✘
✳
✢
❍
✚
❍ ✳ ✯ ✟ ✯ ✳
✚ ✗ ✖
✸
✚ ✛ ✘
✯ ❡ ✹
✢
❡
✚ ✙ ✖ ✘
✱ ✼ ❑ ✫
✘
✳
✢
✟
✘ ✗ ✖ ✛
✻
✖
✟
✙ ✣ ✘
✪
✖ ✘
✵
✖
❡ ❡ ✫ ✯ ❡ ❡
✯ ❡
✚ ✛
✻ ✯
✤
✯
✗
✯ ❍
✚
❡
✖ ✙ ✤
✯
✘
✳ ✼
✺ ✭ ✮ ▲ ❚ ✳
✢ ✗ ✢
✯
✜ ✖ ✛
✻
✚ ✛ ✘
✳
✢
✟
✙
✯ ❡
✢ ✖
✟ ✯ ✌
✢
✯ ✟
✣ ✗ ✢ ✚
✫
✘
✳
✢
✫
✚ ✗ ✙ ✢ ✚ ✛ ✘
✳
✢
✫ ❡
✚ ✚ ✗
❍ ✱
✘
✳
✢
✌ ✯
✛
✼ ❇ ✱
✘
✳
✢
❚ ✳
✖ ✗ ✜
✴ ✯ ✵ ✪
✘
✳
✖
✟
✖
✟
✢
▼
✣
✯ ❡ ✯
✛ ✜ ✚ ✤ ✤ ✚
✟
✖ ✘ ✢ ✘ ✚ ✘
✳
✢ ✛ ✚ ✗
✌ ✯ ❡ ✫
✚ ✗ ✙ ✢
◆
✚ ✛ ✘
✳
✢
✌ ✯
✛
❍ ✱
✘
✳
✢
✫ ❡
✚ ✚ ✗
✼
✏
✯
✒
◆ ✥
★
☛ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✥
★
☛ ☛ ❖ P ❘
✢
✯
✜ ✖ ✛
✻
✖
✟
★
☛
✕
✻
✏
❍
✒ ★
☛ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✝ ◆ ✥
★
☛ ☞ ✞ P ❘
✢
✯
✜ ✖ ✛
✻
✖
✟
✦
✞
✕
✻
✏ ✙ ✒
◆ ✝
★
☛ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✥
★
☛ ☞ ✞ P ❘
✢
✯
✜ ✖ ✛
✻
✖
✟ ✡ ☛ ✞
✕
✻
✏ ✜ ✒ ★
☛ ☞ ✡ ☛ ✝ ◆ ✥
★
☛ ☞ ✡ ☛ P ❘
✢
✯
✜ ✖ ✛
✻ ✵
✚ ✣
❡
✜
❍
✢
✸
✢ ✗ ✚
P
✘
✳
✢
✟
✙
✯ ❡
✢
✵
✚ ✣
❡
✜ ✗ ✢
✯
✜
✸
✢ ✗ ✚
✼
✺ ✭ ✮ ◗
✏
✯
✒
❑
✛
✯ ❡ ❡
✘
✳
✢ ✘
✳
✗ ✢ ✢ ✖ ✛ ✘ ✢ ✗
✹ ✯ ❡ ✟ ✪ ✯
✙ ✙ ✢
❡
✢ ✗
✯
✘ ✖ ✚ ✛
✯
✛ ✜
✪
✘
✳
✢ ✗ ✢
✫
✚ ✗ ✢
✪ ✫
✚ ✗ ✙ ✢
✯
✗ ✢
✸
✢ ✗ ✚
✼
✏
❍
✒ ✦ ✕
✻ ✌ ✟
➊ ✶
✯
✘
t ✥ ☛ P
✏ ✙ ✒
✝
✦ ✕
✻ ✌ ✟
➊ ✶
✯
✘
t ✥ ✬ ✟ ✼
✺ ✭ ✮ ✺ ❑ ✫
✘
✳
✢ ✍
☛
✕
✻ ✌ ✯ ✟ ✟
✖
✟
✤ ✣
❡ ❡
✢ ✜
✪
✔
☛ ☛ ✝
❙
✥
✍
☛
❛
✪
❙
✥ ✡ ☛
❛
❛
✥
✍
☛ ✌ ✟
➊
✓
✪
❙
✥
✍
☛ ☛ ❖
❑ ✫
✘
✳
✢
✡ ☛
✕
✻ ✌ ✯ ✟ ✟
✖
✟
✤ ✣
❡ ❡
✢ ✜
✪ ✯ ✥
✍
☛ ✌ ✟
➊
✓
✪
❙
✥ ✬ ☛ ☛ ❖
✺ ✭ ✮
❯ ❙
✝
✧
☞ ✡ ☛ ✥
✧ ❛
✪ ✡
✍
☞ ✡ ☛ ✝
❙
✥ ✡
✍ ❛
✖
✼
✢
✼
❛
✥
✍
✌ ✟
➊
✓
✪
❙
✥
❂ ✔
❖
✺ ✭ ✮
❱
❇ ✱ ✌
✚
✌
✢ ✛ ✘ ✣
✌
✙ ✚ ✛
✟
✢ ✗
✹ ✯
✘ ✖ ✚ ✛ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✛ ✙ ✖ ✤
❡
✢
✪
✘ ✚ ✘
✯ ❡ ✫
✖ ✛
✯ ❡ ✌
✚
✌
✢ ✛ ✘ ✣
✌
✖
✟ ✸
✢ ✗ ✚
✼ ❚ ✵
✚
✌
✚
✌
✢ ✛ ✘ ✣
✌
✹
✢ ✙ ✘ ✚ ✗
✟
✙
✯
✛ ✛ ✚ ✘
✟
✣
✌
✘ ✚
✯
✛ ✣
❡ ❡ ✌
✚
✌
✢ ✛ ✘ ✣
✌
✣ ✛
❡
✢
✟ ✟
✘
✳
✢
✱ ✯
✗ ✢ ✢
▼
✣
✯ ❡ ✯
✛ ✜ ✚ ✤ ✤ ✚
✟
✖ ✘ ✢
✼
✺ ✭ ✮
❲
❑ ✌
✤ ✣
❡ ✟
✢ ✚ ✛ ✢
✯
✙
✳ ❍ ✯ ❡ ❡ ✥ ☛ ✼ ☛ ✞ ☞ ✡
✍
✥ ☛ ✼
✔ ✕
✻ ✌ ✟
✲
✶
✖ ✛
✌ ✯ ✻
✛ ✖ ✘ ✣ ✜ ✢
✼ ❚ ✳
✢ ✘
✵
✚ ✖
✌
✤ ✣
❡ ✟
✢
✟ ✯
✗ ✢
✚ ✤ ✤ ✚
✟
✖ ✘ ✢ ✖ ✛ ✜ ✖ ✗ ✢ ✙ ✘ ✖ ✚ ✛
✼
✺ ✭ ✮ ❳ ❨ ✟
✢
✌
✚
✌
✢ ✛ ✘ ✣
✌
✙ ✚ ✛
✟
✢ ✗
✹ ✯
✘ ✖ ✚ ✛
✠ ✡ ☛ ☛ ✈ ✥ ☛ ✼ ☛
✍
☞
✧
☛
✈ ✥ ☛ ✼ ☛ ✡
✔
✌ ✟
➊ ✶
✥ ✡ ✼
✔ ✙
✌ ✟
➊ ✶
✺ ✭ ■ ❩ ❑ ✌
✤ ✣
❡ ✟
✢ ✖
✟
✜ ✖ ✗ ✢ ✙ ✘ ✢ ✜
✯ ❡
✚ ✛
✻
✘
✳
✢
❍
✖
✟
✢ ✙ ✘ ✚ ✗ ✚
✫
✘
✳
✢ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✘ ✖
✯ ❡ ✯
✛ ✜
✫
✖ ✛
✯ ❡
✜ ✖ ✗ ✢ ✙ ✘ ✖ ✚ ✛
✟ ✼ ❑
✘
✟ ✌ ✯ ✻
✛ ✖ ✘ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✖
✟
☛ ✼ ✡ ✞ ☞
✍
☞ ✡ ✞ ☞
✙ ✚
✟
✍ ✍
✼ ✞ ❬ ✥ ✬ ✼
✍ ✕
✻ ✌ ✟
➊ ✶
✺ ✭ ■ ✮
❭ ❪
❫ ❴
❵ ❜ ❝ ❞ ❵ ❢ s
❣ ❴
❤
✐ ✐
❥ ❦ ❧ ♥ ♦
♣ ❦ ♣ q
r ❦ ♥
✇ ②
③
④
❆   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✁ ✷ ✷ ✆
✝
➊ ✞
✟ ✵ ✵ ✱ ✇ ❤ ✐ ❝ ❤ ❣ ✐ ✈ ✠ ✡ ✸ ✺ ♠ ✡
☛ ☞ ✌
☛ ☞ ✌
✍ ✎
✎
❘
✏ ✑ ✒ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✚ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✥ ✕ ✧ ✙ ✥ ✥ ✦ ✗ ★ ✚ ✘ ✩ ✕ ✦ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✫ ✚ ✗ ✤ ✕ ✬ ✙ ✭
✏ ✑ ✒
✮
✜ ✙ ✣
✯
✪ ✖ ✪ ✦ ✗ ✤ ✖
✰
✥ ✙ ✗ ✕ ✤
✲
✤ ✕ ✖
✳
✪ ✙ ✤ ✘ ✦ ✖
✴
✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✔
✶
✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✚ ✘ ✖
✳ ✹
✕
✲
✤
✹
✙ ✥ ✖
✻ ✯
✪ ✖
✳ ✼
✕
✼
✙ ✔
✶
✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✤
✢ ✖ ✕ ✭ ✖ ✖ ✘ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✪ ✦ ✗ ✤ ✖ ✙ ✘ ★ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✥ ✙ ✗ ✕ ✥ ✙ ✘ ✥ ✖ ✔ ✜
✯
✪ ✚ ✗ ★ ✬ ✙ ✭ ✣
✻ ❜
✘ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✩ ✗ ✦
✼
✘ ★ ✧ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✥ ✦ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✥ ✕
✶
✦ ✗ ✥ ✖
✢ ✖ ✕ ✭ ✖ ✖ ✘ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✤
✲
✤ ✕ ✖
✳
✙ ✘ ★ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✩ ✗ ✦
✼
✘ ★ ✜
✶
✗ ✚ ✥ ✕ ✚ ✦ ✘ ✣ ✥ ✙
✼
✤ ✖ ✤ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✚ ✗
✳
✦ ✕ ✚ ✦ ✘
✶
✗ ✦
✳
✗ ✖ ✤ ✕
✻
✜ ✢ ✣
✽ ✼
✖ ✕ ✦ ✚ ✘ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✚ ✙ ✦
✶
✕ ✪ ✖ ✢ ✦ ★
✲
✘ ✦ ✕ ★ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✥ ✕ ✔
✲
✚ ✘ ✥ ✦ ✘ ✕ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✭ ✚ ✕ ✪ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✤ ✖ ✙ ✕
✻
✜ ✥ ✣ ✓ ✔ ✙ ✭ ✘
✳
✦ ✭ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✤
✹ ✼
✔ ✔ ✖ ★ ✦ ✗
✹ ✼
✤ ✪ ✖ ★ ✢
✲
✙
✹ ✹
✔
✲
✚ ✘ ✩
✶
✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✙ ✘ ✙ ✘ ✩ ✔ ✖
✻ ✾
✪ ✖ ✘
✲
✦
✼ ✹ ✼
✤ ✪ ✧ ✕ ✪ ✖
✘ ✦ ✗
✳
✙ ✔
✶
✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✜
◆
✣
✳ ✼
✤ ✕ ✢ ✖
✳
✦ ✗ ✖ ✕ ✪ ✙ ✘ ✚ ✕ ✤ ✭ ✖ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✕ ✧
✶
✦ ✗ ✖
✿ ✼
✚ ✔ ✚ ✢ ✗ ✚
✼ ✳
✚ ✘ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✚ ✥ ✙ ✔ ★ ✚ ✗ ✖ ✥ ✕ ✚ ✦ ✘
✻
✯
✪ ✚ ✤ ✗ ✖ ✤
✼
✔ ✕ ✤ ✚ ✘ ✩ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✗
✶
✗ ✚ ✥ ✕ ✚ ✦ ✘
❢
✜
❢ ❀ ◆
✣ ✙ ✘ ★ ✧ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✗ ✖
✶
✦ ✗ ✖ ✧ ✙ ✩ ✗ ✖ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✙
✹ ✹
✔ ✚ ✖ ★
✶
✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✕ ✦
✳
✦ ✛ ✖
✻
❏ ✼
✤ ✕ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✦
✹ ✹
✦ ✤ ✚ ✕ ✖ ✪ ✙
✹ ✹
✖ ✘ ✤ ✭ ✪ ✚ ✔ ✖
✹ ✼
✔ ✔ ✚ ✘ ✩
✻
✜ ★ ✣
✯
✦ ✗ ✖ ★
✼
✥ ✖ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✦
✶
✥ ✪ ✙ ✘ ✩ ✖ ✦
✶ ✳
✦
✳
✖ ✘ ✕
✼ ✳
✙ ✘ ★ ✪ ✖ ✘ ✥ ✖ ✕ ✦ ✗ ✖ ★
✼
✥ ✖ ✕ ✪ ✖
✶
✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✘ ✖ ✥ ✖ ✤ ✤ ✙ ✗
✲
✕ ✦ ✤ ✕ ✦
✹
✕ ✪ ✖ ✢ ✙ ✔ ✔
✻
✏ ✑ ✒ ❁ ✓ ✢ ✦ ★
✲
✭ ✚ ✕ ✪ ✙ ✥ ✦ ✘ ✤ ✕ ✙ ✘ ✕ ✤
✹
✖ ✖ ★ ✦
✶
❂ ✥
✳
✤
❃ ❄
✗ ✖ ✥ ✖ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✤ ✚
✳ ✹ ✼
✔ ✤ ✖ ✦
✶ ✳
✙ ✩ ✘ ✚ ✕
✼
★ ✖
❅
✻
❅ ❇ ❈ ✩ ❉ ❅
✻
❅ ❊
✳
✤
❋ ❄
● ❍ ❉ ❂ ❅
❋ ■
❈ ✩
✳
✤
❋ ❄
✙
✶
✕ ✖ ✗ ✖ ✛ ✖ ✗
✲
❊ ✤
✶
✗ ✦
✳
✕ ✪ ✖ ✭ ✙ ✔ ✔ ✤ ✙ ✕ ① ● ❅ ✙ ✘ ★
① ● ❊ ✥
✳ ✻
✏ ✑ ✒ ✏ ❑ ✖ ✕
✶
✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ● ▲ ▼ ❈ ✩ ❉ ❂
✳
✤
❋
❖
● ▲ ▼ ❑
❛
P◗ ❙
❚ ➭
s
❯ ● ❊
✳
✤
❋
❖
✏ ✑ ✒
❱
✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✛ ✖ ✜ ✙ ✣ ✚ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✗ ✗ ✖ ✥ ✕
✻
❑ ✦ ✕ ✖
❲
❯
❳ ❨
❖
●
❲ ❩
❖
❖
❬ ❭ ❪ ❨
❄
❫ ❲
❯ ●
❲ ❩
❄
❖
❬ ❭
✯
✪ ✖
✳
✦ ✗ ✙ ✔ ✚ ✤
❴
★ ✦ ✘ ✦ ✕ ✥ ✦ ✘
✶ ✼
✤ ✖ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✙ ✥ ✕
✼
✙ ✔
✳
✙ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✚ ✙ ✔
✶
✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✤ ✦ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✦ ★
✲
✜ ✕ ✖ ✘ ✤ ✚ ✦ ✘ ✧ ✩ ✗ ✙ ✛ ✚ ✕ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✦ ✘ ✙ ✔
✶
✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✧ ✖ ✕ ✥ ✣ ✭ ✚ ✕ ✪ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✖
✶ ✶
✖ ✥ ✕ ✤ ✕ ✪ ✖
✲ ✹
✗ ✦ ★
✼
✥ ✖
❴
✥ ✖ ✘ ✕ ✗ ✚
✹
✖ ✕ ✙ ✔ ✙ ✥ ✥ ✖ ✔ ✖ ✗ ✙ ✕ ✚ ✦ ✘
❩
❖
❖
❬ ❭
✦ ✗
❩
❄
❖
❬ ❭
✚ ✘ ✕ ✪ ✚ ✤
✖
✴
✙
✳ ✹
✔ ✖
✻
✏ ✑ ✒
❵
✜ ✙ ✣
❞
✫ ✗ ✖ ✖ ✢ ✦ ★
✲ ❡ ❴
✥ ✗ ✖ ✭ ✙ ✘ ★
✹
✙ ✤ ✤ ✖ ✘ ✩ ✖ ✗ ✤
✫ ✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✦ ✘ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✤
✲
✤ ✕ ✖
✳
✢
✲
✕ ✪ ✖
✶
✔ ✦ ✦ ✗ ●
❥ ✼ ✹
✭ ✙ ✗ ★ ✤
❪
✭ ✖ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✕ ✦
✶
✤
✲
✤ ✕ ✖
✳
●
✳
✩ ★ ✦ ✭ ✘ ✭ ✙ ✗ ★ ✤
❪
❦
❥
❧
❲
❯ ❚
❲
❛
❥ ❫
♥ ❅ ❅ ❉ ❂ ❅ ● ♥ ❅ ❅ ❉ ❂ ▼
❥
● ♦
✻
▼ ❉ ❂ ❅
♣
❑
✼ ✹
✭ ✙ ✗ ★
q
✲
✕ ✪ ✖
✯
✪ ✚ ✗ ★ ✬ ✙ ✭ ✧
✶
✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✦ ✘ ✕ ✪ ✖
✶
✔ ✦ ✦ ✗ ✢
✲
✕ ✪ ✖ ✥ ✗ ✖ ✭ ✙ ✘ ★
✹
✙ ✤ ✤ ✖ ✘ ✩ ✖ ✗ ✤ ● ♦
✻
▼ ❉ ❂ ❅
♣
❑ ★ ✦ ✭ ✘ ✭ ✙ ✗ ★ ✤
✻
✜ ✢ ✣
❞
✫ ✗ ✖ ✖ ✢ ✦ ★
✲ ❡ ❴
✪ ✖ ✔ ✚ ✥ ✦
✹
✕ ✖ ✗
✹
✔
✼
✤ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✥ ✗ ✖ ✭ ✙ ✘ ★
✹
✙ ✤ ✤ ✖ ✘ ✩ ✖ ✗ ✤
✫ ✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✢
✲
✙ ✚ ✗ ✦ ✘ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✤
✲
✤ ✕ ✖
✳
●
❭ ✼ ✹
✭ ✙ ✗ ★ ✤
❪
✭ ✖ ✚ ✩ ✪ ✕ ✦
✶
✤
✲
✤ ✕ ✖
✳
●
✳
✩ ★ ✦ ✭ ✘ ✭ ✙ ✗ ★ ✤
❦ r ❧
❲
❯ ❚
❲
❛
r
❫
❂ ♥ ❅ ❅ ❉ ❂ ❅ ● ❂ ♥ ❅ ❅ ❉ ❂ ▼
r ● ♥
✻
❊ ▼ ❉ ❂ ❅
■
❑
✼ ✹
✭ ✙ ✗ ★ ✤
q
✲
✕ ✪ ✖
✯
✪ ✚ ✗ ★ ✬ ✙ ✭ ✧
✶
✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✜ ✙ ✥ ✕ ✚ ✦ ✘ ✣ ✦ ✘ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✢
✲
✕ ✪ ✖ ✪ ✖ ✔ ✚ ✥ ✦
✹
✕ ✖ ✗ ● ♥
✻
❊ ▼ ❉ ❂ ❅
■
❑ ★ ✦ ✭ ✘ ✭ ✙ ✗ ★ ✤
✻
✜ ✥ ✣ ♥
✻
❊ ▼ ❉ ❂ ❅
■
❑
✼ ✹
✭ ✙ ✗ ★ ✤
✏ ✑ ✒ t ✉ ✙ ✤ ✤ ✦
✶
✭ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✪ ✚ ✕ ✕ ✚ ✘ ✩ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✭ ✙ ✔ ✔
✹
✖ ✗ ✤ ✖ ✥ ✦ ✘ ★
● ❂ ❅
♣
❈ ✩
✳
❋ ♣
❉ ❂ ❅
❋
❖
✳
❖
❉ ❂ ▼
✳
✤
❋ ❄
● ❂ ▼ ❅ ❈ ✩ ✤
❋ ❄
✫ ✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✢
✲
✕ ✪ ✖ ✭ ✙ ✔ ✔ ●
✳
✦
✳
✖ ✘ ✕
✼ ✳
✔ ✦ ✤ ✤ ✦
✶
✭ ✙ ✕ ✖ ✗
✹
✖ ✗ ✤ ✖ ✥ ✦ ✘ ★ ● ❂ ▼ ❅ ❈ ✩ ✤
❋ ❄
❉ ❂ ▼
✳
✤
❃ ❄
● ❊
✻
❊ ▼
❉ ❂ ❅
♣
❑
✏ ✑ ✒
②
✜ ✙ ✣ ♥
❲
❯ ✜ ★ ✦ ✭ ✘ ✣ ✜ ✢ ✣ ♥
❲
❯ ✜ ★ ✦ ✭ ✘ ✣ ✜ ✥ ✣ ❇
❲
❯ ✜
✼ ✹
✣
✏ ✑
✮ ③ ④ ✶ ◆
✚ ✤ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✘ ✦ ✗
✳
✙ ✔
✶
✦ ✗ ✥ ✖ ✦ ✘ ✕ ✪ ✖ ✭ ✚ ✘ ✩ ✤ ✧
❆   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✁ ✷ ✷ ✆
✝
✞
❝ ✟ s ✱ s ✠ ♥
✡ ☛ ☛ ✡ ☛ ☛
✇ ☞
✠ ❝
☞ ✥
✠
✈ ❡ ✶ ✌ ❦ ✍
t ✎ ♥
✶
☛ t ✎ ♥
✶ ✌
♠ ✏
◆ ♠ ❣ ◆
❘
✏
❘
❣
✑ ✑
✑
✒ ✒
✓
✒ ✒ ✒
✓ ✔
✺ ✕ ✖ ✗ ❚ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✙ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✙ ✜ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✣ ✪ ✤ ✢ ✩ ✫ ✣ ✬ ✙ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✧ ✦ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✧ ✜ ✘ ✢ ✯ ✪ ✜ ✭ ✮ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✣ ✧ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✙ ★ ✧ ✦ ✛ ✰ ✙ ✪ ✩ ★ ✜ ✘ ✙
✲ ✘ ✙ ✙ ✧ ✪ ✳ ✴✮ ✜ ✘ ✙ ❚ ✘ ✣ ✢ ✬ ✵ ✦ ✲ ✸ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✦ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✹ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✪ ✦ ✛ ✙ ✻ ✯ ✦ ✧ ✦ ✛ ✬ ✩ ✤ ✤ ✩ ✪ ✣ ✜ ✙ ✜ ✘ ✢ ✯ ✪ ✜ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✣ ✧
✚ ✦ ✯ ✪ ✣ ✛ ✰ ✣ ✜ ✪ ✲ ✙ ✦ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✬ ✜ ✙ ✦ ✢ ✳
✼ ✛ ✰ ✧ ✙ ✩ ★ ✭ ✦ ✛ ✽ ✣ ✛ ✰ ✾
✿
➊ ❀ ➊ ❀
❁ ❂ ❁ ❂
❃ ❄ ❅ ❃ ❄ ❅ ❇ ❈
❇ ❉ ❁ ❉
❊
❋ ●
❍ ■
❏
❍ ■
❑ ▲
▼ ❖
▼ ❖
❏
P ◗
P ◗
❙
✺ ✕ ✖
❯ ❱
✩ ✛ ✪ ✣ ✬ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✘ ✙ ★ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✪ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✙
❲
✦ ✛ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✻ ✯ ✣ ✧ ✣ ✭ ✢ ✣ ✯
❲ ❳
✘ ✣ ✪ ✲ ✙ ✣ ✰ ✘ ✜ ✸ ★ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✬ ✯ ✙ ✜ ✩ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✩ ✤ ✙ ✦ ✛ ✬
✛ ✩ ✢
❲
✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✬ ✯ ✙ ✜ ✩ ✜ ✘ ✙ ★ ✧ ✩ ✩ ✢ ✳
❨ ✦ ❩ ❬ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❨ ✭ ❩ ❴ ❭ ❪ ❫ ❵
❲
✩ ✬ ✙ ❨ ✭ ❩ ✪ ✘ ✩ ✯ ✧ ✬ ✭ ✙ ✦ ✬ ✩ ✤ ✜ ✙ ✬ ✳
✺ ✕ ✖ ✖ ❨ ✦ ❩
❛ ❜ ❞
❪ ❪ ✾ ❴
❞
❪ ✸
❛
✾
❢ ❞
❪ ❫
❨ ✭ ❩
❞
❪ ❪
❜ ❛
✾ ❤
❢
❪ ✸
❛
✾ ❴
❞
❪ ❫
❨ ✚ ❩
❛
✾
❞
❪ ❪ ❫
❨ ✐ ❩
❛
✾ ❪
❚ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✩ ✤ ✙ ✲ ✣ ✧ ✧ ✭ ✢ ✙ ✦ ✽ ✣ ✛ ✚ ✦ ✪ ✙ ❨ ✦ ❩ ✳
✺ ✕ ✖ ❥ ❧ ✙ ✦ ✪ ✪ ✯
❲
✙ ✤ ✙ ✢ ★ ✙ ✚ ✜ ✚ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✦ ✚ ✜ ✭ ✙ ✜ ✲ ✙ ✙ ✛ ✭ ✩ ✬ ✣ ✙ ✪ ✼ ✦ ✛ ✬ ✴ ✦ ✛ ✬ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✣ ✰ ✣ ✬ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✳ ♦ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✦ ✜
✚ ✦ ✪ ✙ ✸ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✪ ✙ ✧ ★ ♣ ✦ ✬ q ✯ ✪ ✜ ✣ ✛ ✰ ✛ ✩ ✢
❲
✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✩ ✛ ✴ ✭ ✮ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ❨ ✢ ✙ ✦ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ❩ ✙ ✻ ✯ ✦ ✧ ✪ ❴ ❪ ❪ ❫ ✳
❚ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✩ ✣
❲
✤ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✣ ✛ ✰
❲
✩ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✛ ✬ ✛ ✩ ★ ✢ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✳ ❚ ✘ ✙ ✦ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ♣ ✢ ✙ ✦ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ★ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✪ ✭ ✙ ✜ ✲ ✙ ✙ ✛ ✼
✦ ✛ ✬ ✴ ✦ ✢ ✙ ✦ ✧ ✪ ✩ ❴ ❪ ❪ ❫ ✳ ❧ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✣ ✪ ✢ ✙
❲
✩ ✫ ✙ ✬ ✸ ✽ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✜ ✣ ✚ ★ ✢ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✚ ✩
❲
✙ ✪ ✣ ✛ ✜ ✩ ✤ ✧ ✦ ✮ ✳
✼ ✚ ✚ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✩ ★ ✼ r ✴ ✾ ✉ ❴ ❪ ❪
❜
❨ ❤ ❭ ❪ ① ❪ ✳ ❤ ❭ ❩ ② ③ ❤ ❭ ✾ ❤ ❤ ✳ ④
❲
✪
⑤ ⑥
⑦
✢ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✩ ✛ ✼ ✾ ❪ ✳ ❤ ❭ ① ❭ ❪ ✾ ❬ ✳ ❭ ❫
❴ ❪ ❪
❜
❬ ✳ ❭
❜ ⑦
⑧ ⑨
✾ ❭ ① ❤ ❤ ✳ ④
⑩
⑧ ⑨
✾ ❤ ✳
❶
① ❤ ❪
⑥
❫ ❵ ✩ ✤ ✤ ✩ ✪ ✣ ✜ ✙ ✜ ✩
❲
✩ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✳
⑩
⑨ ⑧
✾ ❤ ✳
❶
① ❤ ❪
⑥
❫ ❵ ✣ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✬ ✣ ✢ ✙ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✩ ★
❲
✩ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✳
✺ ✕ ✖ ✺ ❨ ✦ ❩
❷
✦ ✹ ✣
❲
✯
❲
★ ✢ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✤ ✩ ✪ ✪ ✣ ✭ ✧ ✙ ★ ✩ ✢ ✩ ✤ ✤ ✩ ✪ ✣ ✛ ✰ ✣
❲
✤ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✣ ✛ ✰ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✫ ✙
❲
✩ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✭ ✙ ✜ ✲ ✙ ✙ ✛
✜ ✘ ✙ ✭ ✧ ✩ ✚ ✽ ✦ ✛ ✬ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✩ ✧ ✧ ✙ ✮ ✾ ❤ ❭ ❪ ① ❪ ✳ ❤ ④ ✾ ❴ ❬ ❫✸ ✲ ✘ ✣ ✚ ✘ ✣ ✪
❲
✩ ✢ ✙ ✜ ✘ ✦ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✙ ★ ✢ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✩ ★
❤ ❭ ① ❪ ✳ ❭ ✾ ❬ ✳ ❭ ❫ ✛ ✙ ✙ ✬ ✙ ✬ ✜ ✩ ✦ ✚ ✚ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✙ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✭ ✩ ✹ ✲ ✣ ✜ ✘ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✩ ✧ ✧ ✙ ✮ ✳ ❧ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✩ ✧ ✧ ✙ ✮
❲
✩ ✫ ✙ ✪
✲ ✣ ✜ ✘ ✯ ✛ ✣ ★ ✩ ✢
❲
✫ ✙ ✧ ✩ ✚ ✣ ✜ ✮ ✸ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✩ ★ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✩ ★ ★ ✢ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✛ ✰ ✩ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✭ ✧ ✩ ✚ ✽ ✳
❨ ✭ ❩
⑦
✩ ✢ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✦ ✚ ✚ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✙ ✬ ❨ ✛ ✩ ✛ ♣ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✦ ✧ ❩ ✩ ✭ ✪ ✙ ✢ ✫ ✙ ✢ ✸ ★ ✢ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✦ ✧ ★ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✣ ✪ ✩ ✤ ✤ ✩ ✪ ✙ ✬ ✭ ✮ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✤ ✪ ✙ ✯ ✬ ✩ ♣
★ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✙ ✩ ★ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✪ ✦
❲
✙
❲
✦ ✰ ✛ ✣ ✜ ✯ ✬ ✙ ✸ ✽ ✙ ✙ ✤ ✣ ✛ ✰ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✭ ✩ ✹ ✦ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✪ ✜ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✫ ✙ ✜ ✩ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✩ ✭ ✪ ✙ ✢ ✫ ✙ ✢ ✳ ❧ ✘ ✙ ✛ ✜ ✘ ✙
✜ ✢ ✩ ✧ ✧ ✙ ✮
❲
✩ ✫ ✙ ✪ ✲ ✣ ✜ ✘ ✯ ✛ ✣ ★ ✩ ✢
❲
✫ ✙ ✧ ✩ ✚ ✣ ✜ ✮ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✣ ✪ ✛ ✩ ✤ ✪ ✙ ✯ ✬ ✩ ♣ ★ ✩ ✢ ✚ ✙ ★ ✩ ✢ ✜ ✘ ✙
❲
✩ ✫ ✣ ✛ ✰ ❨ ✣ ✛ ✙ ✢ ✜ ✣ ✦ ✧ ❩
✩ ✭ ✪ ✙ ✢ ✫ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✛ ✬ ✛ ✩ ★ ✢ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✳
✺ ✕ ✖ ❸ ✼ ✚ ✚ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✩ ★ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✭ ✩ ✹ ✬ ✯ ✙ ✜ ✩ ★ ✢ ✣ ✚ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✾ ➭ ❹ ✾ ❪ ✳ ❤ ❭ ① ❤ ❪ ✾ ❤ ✳ ❭
❲
✪
⑤ ⑥
✳ ✴✯ ✜ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✦ ✚ ✚ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛
✩ ★ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✯ ✚ ✽ ✣ ✪ ✰ ✢ ✙ ✦ ✜ ✙ ✢ ✳ ❚ ✘ ✙ ✦ ✚ ✚ ✙ ✧ ✙ ✢ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✩ ★ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✭ ✩ ✹ ✢ ✙ ✧ ✦ ✜ ✣ ✫ ✙ ✜ ✩ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✯ ✚ ✽ ✣ ✪ ❪ ✳ ❭
❲
✪
❺ ⑥
✜ ✩ ✲ ✦ ✢ ✬ ✪ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✢ ✙ ✦ ✢ ✙ ✛ ✬ ✳ ❚ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✣
❲
✙ ✜ ✦ ✽ ✙ ✛ ★ ✩ ✢ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✭ ✩ ✹ ✜ ✩ ★ ✦ ✧ ✧ ✩ ★ ★ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✯ ✚ ✽ ✾
❻
❂
❻
❉
❼
❉ ❽ ❂
✳
❾ ✯ ✢ ✣ ✛ ✰ ✜ ✘ ✣ ✪ ✜ ✣
❲
✙ ✸ ✜ ✘ ✙ ✜ ✢ ✯ ✚ ✽ ✚ ✩ ✫ ✙ ✢ ✪ ✦ ✬ ✣ ✪ ✜ ✦ ✛ ✚ ✙ ✾ ❿ ① ❴ ① ❴ ❪ ✾ ❴ ❪
❲
✳
❆   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✁ ✷ ✷ ✆
✺ ✝ ✞ ✟ ❋ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✑ ✠ ✒ ✑ ✌ ✓ ✎ ☛ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✍ ✖ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✠ ✗ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✏ ✕ ☞ ✠ ✘ ✒ ✔ ✙ ✌ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✘ ✚ ☞ ☛ ✠ ✛ ✡ ✠ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✌ ☛ ☞ ✌
✏ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✕ ✕
♥
✡
✜
✍ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✎ ✛ ✌ ☛
♥
✒ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✖ ✎
✢
✌
g m✣
r
m
✤
2v
✢ ✳
✠ ✓
✈ ✥ r ✦
✖ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✡ ✌
T
✧2
★ ✩
✎ ✕ ☛ ☞ ✌
♥
✏ ✚ ✘ ✒
♥
✡
✗ ✡ ✌
❢
✘ ✌ ✏ ✍
✜
✠ ✗ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✍
✢
❋ ✠ ✡
♥
✚ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✏
➭ ♥
✏ ✔
✪
✖ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✔ ✎ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✏ ✎ ✕
r ✫ ➭
✚
❣ ✪
✬
✢ ✭
☞ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✔ ✎ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✏ ✎ ✕
✕
♥
☛ ✎ ✕ ✗ ✎ ✌ ✔ ✙
✜
☛ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✌
♥
✡ ✌ ✡ ✍ ✠ ✎ ✏
s ✮
✍
✯
✗ ✡ ✠
✯
☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✌
✰ ✢
✺ ✝ ✞ ✱ ✲ ☛ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✘ ✛ ✛ ✌ ✡
✯
✠ ✕ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✖
,
2
R
mmgN v
✴✵ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✡ ✌ ◆ ✎ ✕ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✡
✯ ♥
✒ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✌
s
✔ ✠ ✓ ✏ ✓
♥
✡ ✔ ✕
✰
✠ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✌
✯
✠ ☛ ✠ ✡ ✍
✜
✍ ✒ ✎ ✕ ☛ ✙
✜
☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✚ ✠ ✗ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ☞
♥ ✯
✙ ✌ ✡
✢ ✭
☞ ✌
✯
✎ ✏ ✎
✯
✘
✯
✛ ✠ ✕ ✕ ✎ ✙ ✒ ✌ ✕ ✛ ✌ ✌ ✔
♥
☛ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✘ ✛ ✛ ✌ ✡
✯
✠ ✕ ☛
✛ ✠ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✡ ✡ ✌ ✕ ✛ ✠ ✏ ✔ ✕ ☛ ✠ ◆
✥ ✶ ✢
➊ ✸
♠ ✹ ✻
✐ ✼ ❡ ✼ ✽ ✾ ✿ ❀ ✿ ❁ ❂ ❃❄ ❅ ❇
✺ ✝ ✞
❈ ✭
☞ ✌ ☞ ✠ ✡ ✎
❚
✠ ✏ ☛
♥
✒ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✌ ◆ ✙
✜
☛ ☞ ✌ ✓
♥
✒ ✒ ✠ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✌
✯ ♥
✏ ✛ ✡ ✠ ✑ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✕ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✌ ✔ ✌ ✔ ✍ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✎ ✛ ✌ ☛
♥
✒ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✌
❉
◆
✥ ❊ ● ✪
✬
✢ ✭
☞ ✌ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✏
♥
✒ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✌
❍ s
✑ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✍
♥
✒ ✒
✜
✘ ✛ ✓
♥
✡ ✔ ✕
✰
✠ ✛ ✛ ✠ ✕ ✌ ✕ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✌ ✎ ✚ ☞ ☛
❊ ■ ✢ ✭
☞ ✌
✯ ♥
✏
✡ ✌
✯ ♥
✎ ✏ ✕ ✕ ☛ ✘ ✍
❏
☛ ✠ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✓
♥
✒ ✒
♥
✗ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✒ ✠ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✕ ✡ ✌
✯
✠ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✎ ✗
❊ ■ ❑ ❍ ▲ ▼
◆ ✎
✢
✌
✢ ❊ ■ ▲ ▼ ❊ ● ✪
✬
✢ ✭
☞ ✌
✯
✎ ✏ ✎
✯
✘
✯ ♥
✏ ✚ ✘ ✒
♥
✡ ✕ ✛ ✌ ✌ ✔ ✠ ✗ ✡ ✠ ☛
♥
☛ ✎ ✠ ✏ ✠ ✗ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍
✜
✒ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✌ ✡ ✎ ✕
❖❖ RP/ gmin
◗ ❘
✕
❙ ❯
✺ ✝
❱ ❲ ❳
✠ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✔ ✌ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✗ ✡ ✌ ✌
❨
✙ ✠ ✔
✜
✔ ✎
♥
✚ ✡
♥ ✯
✠ ✗ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✙ ✌
♥
✔ ✓ ☞ ✌ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✡
♥
✔ ✎ ✘ ✕ ✑ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✠ ✡
❩
✠ ✎ ✏ ✎ ✏ ✚ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✠ ✗
☛ ☞ ✌ ✓ ✎ ✡ ✌
✯ ♥ ❏
✌ ✕
♥
✏
♥
✏ ✚ ✒ ✌
❬
✓ ✎ ☛ ☞ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✍
♥
✒ ✔ ✠ ✓ ✏ ✓
♥
✡ ✔ ✔ ✎ ✡ ✌ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✏
✢ ❞
✌ ☞
♥
✑ ✌
❊ ■ ✥
◆ ✍ ✠ ✕
❬ ♥
✏ ✔
❊ ●
✕ ✎ ✏
❬ ✪
✬
✥
◆ ✕ ✎ ✏
❬ ✢ ✭
☞ ✌ ✕ ✌ ✌
❢
✘
♥
☛ ✎ ✠ ✏ ✕ ✚ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✕
❬ ✥ ■ ❭ ● ✪
✬
✢ ❪
✎ ✏ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✕
❬ ✫ ❫
✖
☛ ☞ ✌ ✙ ✌
♥
✔ ✡ ✌
✯ ♥
✎ ✏ ✕
♥
☛ ✎ ☛ ✕ ✒ ✠ ✓ ✌ ✡
✯
✠ ✕ ☛ ✛ ✠ ✎ ✏ ☛ ✗ ✠ ✡
R
g
❴
★ ✢
❋ ✠ ✡
060❵. e . i2
1
❵cos,2
✩✩✩
R
g
❛
✢
❜❝ ❤ ❥ ❦❧ ♦ ♣
♣ ✝
q s ♥ ✰ t
✑ ✌
s
✙
✰ ✉
✑ ✌
s
✍
✰ ✉
✑ ✌
s
✔
✰ t
✑ ✌
s
✌
✰ ✉
✑ ✌
♣ ✝
✇ s ♥ ✰ ① ① ② ③ ④ s
✙
✰ ✉ ② ✮ ⑤ ③ ④ s
✍
✰ ⑥ ⑦ ❘ ③ ④ s
✔
✰ ⑥ ⑦ ❘ ③ ④
❞
✠ ✡
❏
✔ ✠ ✏ ✌ ✙
✜
☛ ☞ ✌ ✏ ✌ ☛ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✠ ✏
♥
✙ ✠ ✔
✜
✌
❢
✘
♥
✒ ✕ ✍ ☞
♥
✏ ✚ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✕
❏
✎ ✏ ✌ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✚
✜ ✢
♣ ✝ ✞
s ♥ ✰
⑧ ⑨ ⑩
④ ✶ s
✍
✰
⑧ ❶ ⑩ ✖ ⑧ ⑨ ❷
④ ❨
❸
❯
s
✙
✰
❾ ❹ ❶ ⑧ ❶ ❹ ❺ ❸
❯
s
✔
✰ ❨
❷
❣ ②
❶ ⑧ ❶
❨
⑩
❣ ②
✖ ⑩
❣ ②
❶ ⑧ ❶ ❷
❣ ② ④ ❨
❸
❯
♣ ✝ ✺
s ♥ ✰
✡ ✠ ✍
❏
✌ ☛
④ s
✙
✰
❋ ✠ ✡
♥
✍ ✠ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✡ ✑
♥
☛ ✎ ✑ ✌ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✌ ✓ ✠ ✡
❏
✔ ✠ ✏ ✌ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✡
♥
✛
♥
☛ ☞ ✎ ✕
✯
✎ ✏ ✘ ✕ ✠ ✗ ✍ ☞
♥
✏ ✚ ✌ ✎ ✏
✛ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✎
♥
✒ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✚
✜ ✢
❻ ✑ ✌ ✡
♥
✍ ✠
✯
✛ ✒ ✌ ☛ ✌ ✠ ✡ ✙ ✎ ☛ ✖ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✡ ✌ ✎ ✕ ✏ ✠ ✍ ☞
♥
✏ ✚ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✛ ✠ ☛ ✌ ✏ ☛ ✎
♥
✒ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✚
✜ ④ s
✍
✰
❼
✢
❽
✢
✎ ✏ ✍ ✡ ✌
♥
✕ ✌ ✕ ✖ ✙ ✘ ☛ ❿
✢
❽
✢
✔ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✌
♥
✕ ✌ ✕ ✖
♥
✏ ✔ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✘
✯
✔ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✌
♥
✕ ✌ ✕ ✔ ✘ ✌ ☛ ✠ ✔ ✎ ✕ ✕ ✎ ✛
♥
☛ ✎ ✠ ✏
♥
✚
♥
✎ ✏ ✕ ☛ ✗ ✡ ✎ ✍ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✏
④
s
✔
✰
✎ ✏ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✕ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✔ ✍
♥
✕ ✌
✢
♣ ✝ ♣
s ♥ ✰
✔ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✌
♥
✕ ✌
④ s
✙
✰ ❏
✎ ✏ ✌ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✚
✜ ④ s
✍
✰
✌ ➀ ☛ ✌ ✡ ✏
♥
✒ ✗ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✌
④ s
✔
✰
☛ ✠ ☛
♥
✒ ✒ ✎ ✏ ✌
♥
✡
✯
✠
✯
✌ ✏ ☛ ✘
✯
✖
♥
✏ ✔
♥
✒ ✕ ✠
☛ ✠ ☛
♥
✒ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✚
✜ s
✎ ✗ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✕
✜
✕ ☛ ✌
✯
✠ ✗ ☛ ✓ ✠ ✙ ✠ ✔ ✎ ✌ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✠ ✒
♥
☛ ✌ ✔
✰ ✢
♣ ✝ ✟
s ♥ ✰
❋
④ s
✙
✰
❋
④ s
✍
✰
❋
④ s
✔
✰
❋
s
☛ ✡ ✘ ✌ ✘ ✕ ✘
♥
✒ ✒
✜
✙ ✘ ☛ ✏ ✠ ☛
♥
✒ ✓
♥ ✜
✕ ✖ ✓ ☞
✜ ➁ ✰
♣ ✝ ✱
s ♥ ✰ ✳
✠
s
✙
✰ ➂
✌ ✕
s
✍
✰ ➃
✎ ✏ ✌
♥
✡
✯
✠
✯
✌ ✏ ☛ ✘
✯
✎ ✕ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✔ ✘ ✡ ✎ ✏ ✚
♥
✏ ✎ ✏ ✌ ✒
♥
✕ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✒ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✠ ✏ ✖
❏
✎ ✏ ✌ ☛ ✎ ✍ ✌ ✏ ✌ ✡ ✚
✜
✎ ✕ ✖ ✠ ✗
✍ ✠ ✘ ✡ ✕ ✌ ✖ ✏ ✠ ☛ ✍ ✠ ✏ ✕ ✌ ✡ ✑ ✌ ✔ ✌ ✑ ✌ ✏
♥
✗ ☛ ✌ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✠ ✒ ✒ ✎ ✕ ✎ ✠ ✏ ✎ ✕ ✠ ✑ ✌ ✡
✢
s
✔
✰
✌ ✒
♥
✕ ☛ ✎ ✍
✢
♣ ✝
❈ s
✙
✰ t
❆   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✁ ✷ ✷ ✆
✻ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✭ ✠ ✡
2 / 3t
✻ ✝ ✞ ✞ ✶ ☛ ☞
✻ ✝ ✞
✌ ❚ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✎
✠
✑ ✒ ♦ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✱ ✈
❡
✴ ✈
♣
❂
✶
✘ ✙ ✚
✻ ✝ ✞ ✛ ✵
✙
✵ ✜ ☛ ☞
✔ ✓ ✎ ✗
✠
✍ ✍ ✗ ✏ ✖
✢ ✣ ✵
✙
✶ ✤
✘
☞
✻ ✝ ✞
✥ ❨ ✎ ✕ ✱ ✦ ♦ ✦ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✧ ✦ ♦ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✦ ♦ ✏ ✎
✠
✧ ✏ ✎ ★ ✩ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✕ ✪ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✦ ✔ ✕
✠
♦ ✓ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✫ ✎ ✬ ✙ ❚ ✍ ✎ ✩ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✍ ✗ ✕ ✗ ✒ ✎
✠
♦ ✔ ✏
✦ ♦ ✦ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✧ ✦ ✕ ✧
✠
✍ ✑ ✍ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✦ ♦ ✦ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✧ ✦ ♦ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✩ ✗ ✏ ✏ ★ ✦ ♦ ✦ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✧ ✦ ♦ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✎ ♦ ✧ ✑ ♠ ♦ ✔ ✓ ♠ ✦ ♦ ✏ ✎
✠
✧ ✏ ✎
✎
✮
✧ ✗ ✏ ✕ ✦ ♦ ✦ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✧ ✦ ♦ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✔ ✓
✠
♦ ✦ ✔ ✓ ♠ ✦ ♦ ✏ ✎
✠
✧ ✏ ✎ ✱ ✗ ✕ ✕ ✧ ✦ ✔ ✓ ♠ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✩ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✑ ♦
✯
✎ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✑ ✔ ♦ ✓ ✗ ✒ ✪ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✑ ✔ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✪ ✙
❍
♦ ✩ ✎ ✫ ✎ ✒ ✱ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✒ ✎
✠
♦ ✔ ✏ ✦ ♦ ✦ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✧ ✦
✰
✒ ♦ ✬ ✧
✠
✎ ✕ ✓ ✎ ♠ ✏ ✔ ♠ ✔
✯
✏ ✎ ✫ ✎ ✏ ♦
✠
✔ ✑ ✪
✯
✎
✠
✗ ✧ ✕ ✎ ♦ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✒ ♠ ✎ ✦ ✗ ✕ ✕ ♦ ✖
✑ ✍ ✎ ✩ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✙
t
✔ ✓
✠
✎
✲
✔ ✓ ✎ ✑ ✔
✠
✎ ✓ ✎ ✒ ♠ ✪ ✔ ✕ ✗ ✏ ✕ ♦
✠
♦ ✓ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✫ ✎ ✬ ✱ ✑ ✍ ✎
✠
♦ ✏ ✏ ✔ ✕ ✔ ♦ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✕ ✑ ✔
✠
✙
✻ ✝ ✞ ✳ ✹
✘ ✙
✤ ✲ ✸
✻ ✝ ✞ ✻ ✭ ✯ ✡
✻ ✝ ✞ ✺ ■
✑ ✑ ✒ ✗ ✓ ✕ ✖ ✎ ✒ ✕ ✔ ✑ ✕ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✔ ✒ ✎ ✦ ♦ ✦ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✧ ✦ ✑ ♦ ✑ ✍ ✎
✯
✗ ✏ ✏ ♦ ✓ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✗
✯
✏ ✎ ✱ ✗ ✓ ✬ ✬ ♦ ✎ ✕ ✓ ♦ ✑ ✒ ✔ ✕ ✎ ✗ ✑ ✗ ✏ ✏ ✙
✻ ✝ ✞
✼ ✚ ✙ ✘ ✦ ✕
✽ ✾
✻ ✝ ✞
✿
☛
❀
✲
✦ ✍
➊
✾
✭
✓ ♦
✠
✍ ✗ ✓ ♠ ✎ ✔ ✓ ✕
✰
✎ ✎ ✬
✡
✻ ✝
✌
✟
✚
✵ ☞
✻ ✝
✌
✞ ✭
✗
✡
❁ ❃ ❄ ❅
✭ ✯ ✡
❇
❈ ❉❑ ❊ ❋ ●
✭ ✠ ✡
P ❏
✹
✙ ✚
✲ ✸
✻ ✝
✌ ✌
✭
✗
✡ ✹
▲ ✱
✵ ✵ ✵ ☞ ✭ ✯ ✡ ✤
✙
✹
✚
✶ ✵
✽ ▼
✲
♠
✻ ✝
✌
✛ ✭
✗
✡ ☛ ✵ ✵
✦
◆
✭ ✯ ✡ ✠
♦ ✦
✰
✗ ✒ ✗
✯
✏ ✎ ✑ ♦ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✒ ♦ ♦ ✖ ♦ ✖ ✗ ✏ ✗ ✒ ♠ ✎ ✍ ♦ ✧ ✕ ✎ ♦ ✖ ✬ ✔ ✦ ✎ ✓ ✕ ✔ ♦ ✓
✶ ✹
✦
❖ ✶ ✹
✦ ✙
✻ ✝
✌ ✥
☛ ✶
✙
☛ ✠
✦ ✱
☛ ✜
✙ ✚
☞
✻ ✝
✌
✳
◗♦ ✱ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✑ ♦ ✓ ✎ ♦ ✓ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✎
✰ ✰
✏ ✗ ✓ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✗
✠
✍ ✎ ✕ ✑ ✍ ✎
✯
♦ ✑ ✑ ♦ ✦ ✎ ✗ ✒ ✏ ✔ ✎ ✒
✢
✪ ✎ ✕ ✱ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✪ ✒ ✎ ✗
✠
✍ ✩ ✔ ✑ ✍ ✑ ✍ ✎
✕ ✗ ✦ ✎ ✕
✰
✎ ✎ ✬ ✈ ❘ ❙ ✕ ✔ ✓
✠
✎ ❯ ❱ ❲ ❂
✭ ✶
✴
☛ ✡
❯ ✈
◆
❳
✈
❩
❂ ✈
❬
❂
✶ ✹
✙
✶
✦ ✕
➊
✾
✱
❭
❩
❏ 22 ✕ ✱
❭
❬
❏ 22 ✕
✻ ✝
✌
✻ ✵
✙
✶ ☛
✚
✻ ✝
✌
✺ ✜
✙
✜ ☛ ☞
✖ ♦ ✒
✯
♦ ✑ ✍
✠
✗ ✕ ✎ ✕ ✙
✻ ✝
✌ ✼ ❚ ✍ ✎
✠
✍ ✔ ✏ ✬ ♠ ✔ ✫ ✎ ✕ ✗ ✓ ✔ ✦
✰
✧ ✏ ✕ ✎ ✑ ♦ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✪ ✗ ✑ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✒ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✬ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✓ ✒ ✧ ✓ ✕ ✩ ✔ ✑ ✍ ✗
✠
♦ ✓ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✓ ✑
✒ ✎ ✏ ✗ ✑ ✔ ✫ ✎ ✫ ✎ ✏ ♦
✠
✔ ✑ ✪ ♦ ✖
✹
✦ ✕
➊
✾
✩ ✔ ✑ ✍ ✒ ✎ ✕
✰
✎
✠
✑ ✑ ♦ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✑ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✪
❪
✕ ✓ ✎ ✩ ✫ ✎ ✏ ♦
✠
✔ ✑ ✪ ✙
❫ ✰ ✰
✏ ✪ ✦ ♦ ✦ ✎ ✓ ✑ ✧ ✦
✠
♦ ✓ ✕ ✎ ✒ ✫ ✗ ✑ ✔ ♦ ✓ ✖ ♦ ✒ ✗ ✓ ♦
✯
✕ ✎ ✒ ✫ ✎ ✒ ♦ ✧ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✬ ✎ ✙
✶ ✵
✙ ✘
✤
✦ ✕
➊
✾
✱
☛
✚ ✙ ▲ ✦ ✙
✻ ✝
✌ ✿
❫
✏ ✏ ✎
❴ ✠
✎
✰
✑
✭ ❵ ✡
✗ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✦
✰
♦ ✕ ✕ ✔
✯
✏ ✎ ✙
❛❜ ❝ ❞ ❢❣ ❤ ✺
✺ ✝ ✞
❚ ✍ ✎ ♠ ✎ ♦ ✦ ✎ ✑ ✒ ✔
✠
✗ ✏
✠
✎ ✓ ✑ ✒ ✎ ♦ ✖ ✎ ✗
✠
✍ ✙ ◗♦ ✱ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✐❥ ✦ ✗ ✪ ✏ ✔ ✎ ♦ ✧ ✑ ✕ ✔ ✬ ✎ ✑ ✍ ✎
✯
♦ ✬ ✪ ✱ ✗ ✕ ✔ ✓
✠
✗ ✕ ✎ ♦ ✖ ✗
✒ ✔ ✓ ♠ ✱ ✗ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✏ ♦ ✩ ✕
✰
✍ ✎ ✒ ✎ ✱ ✗ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✏ ♦ ✩
✠
✪ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✬ ✎ ✒ ✱ ✗ ✍ ♦ ✏ ✏ ♦ ✩
✠
✧
✯
✎ ✎ ✑
✠
✙
✺ ✝
✌ L♦
✠
✗ ✑ ✎ ✬ ♦ ✓ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✏ ✔ ✓ ✎
❦
♦ ✔ ✓ ✔ ✓ ♠
❍
✗ ✓ ✬ ✐
✶
✓ ✧
✠
✏ ✎ ✔ ✗ ✑ ✗ ✬ ✔ ✕ ✑ ✗ ✓
✠
✎ ♦ ✖
✶
✙
☛ ✹
 Å ✖ ✒ ♦ ✦ ✑ ✍ ✎
❍
✎ ✓ ✬ ✙
✺ ✝ ✛
❚ ✍ ✎ ✕
✰
✎ ✎ ✬ ♦ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✐❥ ♦ ✖ ✑ ✍ ✎
✭
✑ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✪ ★
✠
✍ ✔ ✏ ✬
✡
✕ ✪ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✦ ✒ ✎ ✦ ✗ ✔ ✓ ✕ ✧ ✓
✠
✍ ✗ ✓ ♠ ✎ ✬
✭
✎
✮
✧ ✗ ✏ ✑ ♦ ✈
✡
✯
✎
✠
✗ ✧ ✕ ✎ ✓ ♦ ✎
❴
✑ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✖ ♦ ✒
✠
✎ ✗
✠
✑ ✕ ♦ ✓ ✑ ✍ ✎ ✕ ✪ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✦ ✙ ❚ ✍ ✎ ✖ ♦ ✒
✠
✎ ✕ ✔ ✓ ✫ ♦ ✏ ✫ ✎ ✬ ✔ ✓ ✒ ✧ ✓ ✓ ✔ ✓ ♠ ♦ ✓ ✑ ✍ ✎
✑ ✒ ♦ ✏ ✏ ✎ ✪ ✗ ✒ ✎ ✔ ✓ ✑ ✎ ✒ ✓ ✗ ✏ ✑ ♦ ✑ ✍ ✔ ✕ ✕ ✪ ✕ ✑ ✎ ✦ ✙
✺ ✝ ✻ ❧
③
❏
♥ q
②
r s q
①
❘
❧
①
❏
s q
③
r ✉ q
②
❘
❧
②
❏
✉ q
①
r ♥ q
③
✺ ✝
✼ ❀
☛ ✠
✦
✺ ✝
✿ ✘
✤
❀ ✚ ◗ ♦ ✓ ✎ ✗
✠
✍ ✖ ✒ ♦ ✓ ✑ ✩ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✱ ✚
✶ ✹
✚ ◗ ♦ ✓ ✎ ✗
✠
✍
✯
✗
✠ ✲
✩ ✍ ✎ ✎ ✏ ✙
✺ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✭
✗
✡
❀ ✴ ✚ ❥
✇
◆
✭ ✯ ✡
✘ ✴
☛
❥
✇
◆
❆   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✁ ✷ ✷ ✆
✼ ✝ ✞ ✞ ❙ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡
✼ ✝ ✞ ☞ ❑ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✑ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✓ ✔ ✕ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✤ ✥ ✦ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✜ ✦ ✔ ✧ ✗ ★ ✘ ✙ ✩
✼ ✝ ✞
✪ ✭
✣
✫
✖
✬ ✬
☛ ✡
✮ ✯
✦ ✌ ✍
✭
✜ ✩ ✡ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✦ ✥ ✦ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✜ ✦ ✏ ✥ ✍ ✩ ✡ ☛
✮
✣ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍
✫
★
✭
✰
✫
✱ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✡ ✲ ✳ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✓ ✌ ✩ ✗ ★ ✘ ✎ ✌ ✦ ✡ ✩ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✣ ✢ ✳ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✓ ✥ ✴ ☛ ✥ ✎ ✣ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ★ ✱ ✠ ✡ ✏ ✠ ✌ ✢ ✵
✜ ✩ ✡ ✩ ✠ ✌ ✩ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✍ ✣ ✢ ✡ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✓ ✎ ✥ ✌ ✍ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✣ ✩ ✡ ✠ ✌ ✩ ☛ ✥ ✎ ✣ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✢ ✳ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✎ ✌ ✏ ✡ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✓ ★
✼ ✝ ✞
✶
✗ ✘ ✩
-2
✚ ✖
✬
✦ ✩
-2
✼ ✝ ✞ ✸ ✕ ✧ ✳ ✹
✼ ✝ ✞
✺
✣ ✎
❛ ✯
✧ ✴ ☛ ✥ ✦ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✏ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✥ ✴ ✥ ☛ ✌ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✣ ✢ ✵ ✌ ✩ ✏ ✥ ✟ ✟ ✥ ✩ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✎ ✥ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✏ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✥ ✴ ✏ ✜ ✎ ✟ ✥ ☛ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ★
✼ ✝ ✞ ✼ ✧ ✧ ★
✬
✒
✼ ✝ ✞ ✻
✭
✣
✫
✽ ✡ ✩ ✚
✭
✰
✫
✽ ✡ ✩ ❡
✭
✏
✫
✎ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✢ ✣ ✍ ✡ ✲ ✌ ✎ ✠ ✩ ✦ ✣ ✢ ✢ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✢ ✌ ✍ ✣ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍
✭
✾ ✣ ✿ ✩ ✌ ✍ ❀
✫
✼ ✝ ✞
❁ ❂
✙
✼ ✝ ☞ ❃ ✧ ★ ❄ ✘ ❅ ✖
✬
❇ ❈
☛ ✣ ✵ ✩
➊ ❇
✼ ✝ ☞ ✞
✭
✣
✫
✕ ★
❉
✦
✭
✰
✫
✕ ★
✬
✩
✼ ✝ ☞ ☞ ✱ ✡ ✍ ✩ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✔
❚ ❉ ❊
❡
❊
❋
✔ ✗
❂
✘
❊
❡
❊
●
✔ ✖
❂
❄
❊
★
✼ ✝ ☞
✪ ✭
✣
✫
✘
❚
☛ ✡
✮ ✯
✦ ✌ ✍ ❡
✭
✰
✫ ❊
✥ ❡ ✎ ✠ ✡ ❑ ★ ✑ ★ ✌ ✩ ✌ ✍ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✣ ✩ ✡ ✵ ✣ ✍ ✵ ✌ ✎ ✏ ✥ ✦ ✡ ✩ ✴ ☛ ✥ ✦ ✲ ✥ ☛ ✳ ✵ ✥ ✍ ✡ ✰ ✓ ✦ ✣ ✍ ✌ ✍
✎ ✠ ✡ ✟ ☛ ✥ ✏ ✡ ✩ ✩ ★
✼ ✝ ☞
✶ ✬
★ ✧ ✗ ✘ ☛ ✣ ✵ ✩
➊ ❇
✼ ✝ ☞ ✼
✭
✣
✫
❍✓ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✦ ✥ ✦ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✜ ✦ ✏ ✥ ✍ ✩ ✡ ☛
✮
✣ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ❡ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✏ ✥ ✦ ✦ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✩ ✟ ✡ ✡ ✵
■
✔
✭ ❏
1
■
1
▲ ❏
2
■
2
✫ ✯ ✭ ❏
1
▲ ❏
2
✫
✭
✰
✫
✱ ✠ ✡ ✢ ✥ ✩ ✩ ✌ ✩ ✵ ✜ ✡ ✎ ✥ ✡ ✍ ✡ ☛ ✒ ✓ ✵ ✌ ✩ ✩ ✌ ✟ ✣ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✴ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✢ ✏ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✣ ✏ ✎ ✲ ✠ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✰ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✩ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✎ ✲ ✥
✵ ✌ ✩ ✏ ✩ ✎ ✥ ✣ ✏ ✥ ✦ ✦ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✩ ✟ ✡ ✡ ✵
▼
★
◆
✥ ✲ ✡
✮
✡ ☛ ❡ ✩ ✌ ✍ ✏ ✡ ✴ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✢ ✎ ✥ ☛
q
✜ ✡ ✩ ✣ ☛ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✍ ✣ ✢
✎ ✥ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✩ ✓ ✩ ✎ ✡ ✦ ❡ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✦ ✥ ✦ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✜ ✦ ✌ ✩ ✜ ✍ ✣ ✢ ✎ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✵ ★
✼ ✝ ☞ ✻
❱
✡ ✢ ✥ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✥ ✴ ✛ ✔
■
o
❘
✌ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✩ ✣ ✦ ✡ ✵ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✩ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✣ ☛ ☛ ✥ ✲ ✚
✮
✡ ✢ ✥ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✥ ✴ ❍ ✔
■
o 
❘
✌ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✡
✥ ✟ ✟ ✥ ✩ ✌ ✎ ✡ ✵ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✣ ☛ ☛ ✥ ✲ ✚
✮
✡ ✢ ✥ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✥ ✴ ♦ ✔
■
o
❘ ✯
✗ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✩ ✣ ✦ ✡ ✵ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✩ ✎ ✠ ✡
✣ ☛ ☛ ✥ ✲ ★ ✱ ✠ ✡ ✵ ✌ ✩ ✏ ✲ ✌ ✢ ✢ ✍ ✥ ✎ ☛ ✥ ✢ ✢ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✴ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✢ ✡ ✩ ✩ ✟ ✢ ✣ ✍ ✡ ★
✼ ✝ ☞
❁ ✭
✣
✫
❖ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✢ ✴ ✥ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✣ ✎ ❍ ✥ ✟ ✟ ✥ ✩ ✡ ✩
✮
✡ ✢ ✥ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✥ ✴ ❍ ★ ✱ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✡ ✴ ✥ ☛ ✡ ❡ ✴ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✢ ✴ ✥ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✌ ✩ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✩ ✣ ✦ ✡
✵ ✌ ☛ ✡ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✩ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✣ ☛ ☛ ✥ ✲ ★ ✱ ✠ ✡ ✩ ✡ ✍ ✩ ✡ ✥ ✴ ✴ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✢ ✎ ✥ ☛
q
✜ ✡ ✌ ✩ ✩ ✜ ✏ ✠ ✣ ✩ ✎ ✥ ✥ ✟ ✟ ✥ ✩ ✡ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✣ ☛
✦ ✥ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ★
▼
o oo oo
✣ ✍ ✵
P P
✣ ☛ ✡ ✰ ✥ ✎ ✠ ✍ ✥ ☛ ✦ ✣ ✢ ✎ ✥ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✣ ✟ ✡ ☛ ❡ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✴ ✌ ☛ ✩ ✎ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✣ ✟ ✡ ☛ ❡ ✣ ✍ ✵ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✩ ✡ ✏ ✥ ✍ ✵
✏ ✥ ✦ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✥ ✜ ✎ ✥ ✴ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✣ ✟ ✡ ☛ ★
✭
✰
✫
❖ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✢ ✴ ✥ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✵ ✡ ✏ ☛ ✡ ✣ ✩ ✡ ✩ ✎ ✠ ✡
✮
✡ ✢ ✥ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✥ ✴ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✟ ✥ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✥ ✴ ✏ ✥ ✍ ✎ ✣ ✏ ✎ ❍ ★ ◗ ✡ ☛ ✴ ✡ ✏ ✎ ☛ ✥ ✢ ✢ ✌ ✍ ✒
✡ ✍ ✩ ✜ ✡ ✩ ✲ ✠ ✡ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✌ ✩
✮
✡ ✢ ✥ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✓ ✌ ✩ ❯ ✡ ☛ ✥ ★ ❲ ✍ ✏ ✡ ✎ ✠ ✌ ✩ ✌ ✩ ✩ ✥ ❡ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✴ ✥ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✥ ✴ ✴ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✌ ✩ ❯ ✡ ☛ ✥ ★
✼ ✝
✪
❃ ❖ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✢ ✴ ✥ ☛ ✏ ✡ ✏ ✣ ✜ ✩ ✡ ✩ ✎ ✠ ✡ ♦✤ ✎ ✥ ✣ ✏ ✏ ✡ ✢ ✡ ☛ ✣ ✎ ✡ ✴ ☛ ✥ ✦ ✌ ✎ ✩ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✣ ✢ ❯ ✡ ☛ ✥
✮
✡ ✢ ✥ ✏ ✌ ✎ ✓ ★ ❖ ☛ ✌ ✏ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✣ ✢
✎ ✥ ☛
q
✜ ✡ ✏ ✣ ✜ ✩ ✡ ✩ ☛ ✡ ✎ ✣ ☛ ✵ ✣ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✌ ✍ ✌ ✎ ✌ ✣ ✢ ✣ ✍ ✒ ✜ ✢ ✣ ☛ ✩ ✟ ✡ ✡ ✵
■
o
★ ✱ ✠ ✡ ✡
q
✜ ✣ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✩ ✥ ✴ ✦ ✥ ✎ ✌ ✥ ✍ ✣ ☛ ✡
❳ ❨
k
♠ ❩
✔
♠ ❬
✣ ✍ ✵
❨
k
♠ ❩ ❘
✔
❭ ❏ ❪
❡ ✲ ✠ ✌ ✏ ✠ ✓ ✌ ✡ ✢ ✵
✈
✔
❨
k
❩ ❣
❡
■
✔
■
o
❭ ❨
k  
♠ ❩ ❘ ❣ ❫ ❏
★
❛
✥ ✢ ✢ ✌ ✍ ✒
✰ ✡ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✩ ✲ ✠ ✡ ✍
✈
✔
❘ ▼
★ ❖ ✥ ☛ ✣ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✒ ❡
❏
✔
♠ ❘
2
❡ ✣ ✍ ✵ ☛ ✥ ✢ ✢ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✰ ✡ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✩ ✣ ✎
❣
✔
■
o
❘ ✯
✗
❨
k 
❩
★ ❖ ✥ ☛ ✣
✵ ✌ ✩ ✏ ❡
❏
✔ ❴
♠ ❘
2
✣ ✍ ✵ ☛ ✥ ✢ ✢ ✌ ✍ ✒ ✩ ✎ ✣ ☛ ✎ ✩ ✣ ✎ ✰ ☛ ✡ ✣ ✳ ✢ ✌ ✍ ✡
❣
✔
❘ ▼
o
✯
✕ ➭
k
❩
★ ✱ ✠ ✜ ✩ ❡ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✵ ✌ ✩ ✏ ✰ ✡ ✒ ✌ ✍ ✩ ✎ ✥
☛ ✥ ✢ ✢ ✡ ✣ ☛ ✢ ✌ ✡ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✣ ✍ ✎ ✠ ✡ ☛ ✌ ✍ ✒ ❡ ✴ ✥ ☛ ✎ ✠ ✡ ✩ ✣ ✦ ✡
❘
✣ ✍ ✵
■
o
★ ✱ ✠ ✡ ✣ ✏ ✎ ✜ ✣ ✢ ✎ ✌ ✦ ✡ ✩ ✏ ✣ ✍ ✰ ✡ ✥ ✰ ✎ ✣ ✌ ✍ ✡ ✵ ✴ ✥ ☛
❘
✔ ✖
✬
✏ ✦ ❡
■
o
✔ ✖
✬
❵ ☛ ✣ ✵ ✩
–1
❡ ➭
k
✔
✬
★ ✗
❆   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✁ ✷ ✷ ✆
✼ ✝ ✞ ✟ ✭ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎
✭
✏
✡
✑ ✒ ✓ ✔
✭ ✕ ✡ ✖ ✗ ✘ ✠ ✙ ✙
✓ ✔
✚ ✌
❈✛ ✜ ✢ ✣✤ ✥ ✦
✦ ✝ ✟ ✭ ✠ ✡ ✎
✔
✌
✭
✏
✡ ✧
✒
❡ ★ ✐ ✩ ✪ ✫
✒
❡ ✐ ✬
✒ ✔
✩ ✪ ✫
✒
❡ ✙ ✠ ✕
✒
❡ ✫ ✐ ✙ ✐ ❡ ✮ ✠
✓
❣
✒ ✒
✯
✔
✰ ❣ ✫ ✩
✔ ✓
✫ ✐ ✱ ✪
✔
✲
✒
✪
✒
✕ ✪ ✪ ✫
✒
✳ ✠
✓
✐ ✠ ✪ ✐
✔
✯ ✐ ✯ ❣ ✌
✭ ✕ ✡ ✴ ✐ ✲ ✠ ✮
✒
✩ ✩
✒
✕ ✪ ✲
✒
✙
✒
✯ ✲ ❡ ✐ ✯ ✳
✒ ✓
❡
✒
✮ ❢
✔
✯ ✪ ✫
✒
✕ ✰
✏ ✒ ✔
✩ ✪ ✫
✒
✲ ✐ ❡ ✪ ✠ ✯ ✕
✒
✰ ✯ ✮ ✐ ✵
✒
✩
✔ ✓
✕
✒
★ ❝ ✫ ✐ ✕ ✫ ✲
✒
✙
✒
✯ ✲ ❡
✐ ✯ ✳
✒ ✓
❡
✒
✮ ❢
✔
✯ ✪ ✫
✒
❡ ✶ ✰ ✠
✓ ✒ ✔
✩ ✪ ✫
✒
✲ ✐ ❡ ✪ ✠ ✯ ✕
✒
✌
✦ ✝
✽
✭ ✠ ✡ ✲
✒
✕
✓ ✒
✠ ❡
✒
❡
✸
✭
✏
✡ ✲
✒
✕
✓ ✒
✠ ❡
✒
❡
✸
✭ ✕ ✡ ✱ ✠ ❡ ❡
✔
✩ ✪ ✫
✒ ✏ ✔
✲ ❢
✸
✭ ✲ ✡ ✱
✔ ✓ ✒
✌
✦ ✝ ✞ ❙ ✱ ✠ ✮ ✮
✒ ✓ ✏
❢ ✠ ✩ ✠ ✕ ✪
✔ ✓ ✔
✩ ✹ ✌ ☞ ✖ ✌
✦ ✝
✺
✖ ✌
✻
✍
✾
☛ ✹
✿
❢
✒
✠
✓
❡ ✌
✦ ✝ ❀ ✭ ✠ ✡ ❁ ✐ ✯
✒
✪ ✐ ✕
✒
✯
✒ ✓
❣ ❢ ★ ✭
✏
✡ ✮
✒
❡ ❡ ★
✦ ✝ ✼ ✭ ✠ ✡ ✎
✔
★ ✭
✏
✡ ✎
✔
★ ✭ ✕ ✡ ✎
✔
★ ✭ ✲ ✡ ✧
✒
❡
❬ ✴ ✫
✒ ✒
❡ ✕ ✠ ✙
✒
✳
✒
✮
✔
✕ ✐ ✪ ❢ ✐ ❡ ✐ ✯ ✲
✒
✙
✒
✯ ✲
✒
✯ ✪
✔
✩ ✱ ✠ ❡ ❡
✔
✩ ✪ ✫
✒ ✏ ✔
✲ ❢ ✠ ✯ ✲ ✪ ✫
✒
✲ ✐
✓ ✒
✕ ✪ ✐
✔
✯
✔
✩ ✙
✓ ✔
❂
✒
✕ ✪ ✐
✔
✯ ✌
■ ✪ ✲
✒
✙
✒
✯ ✲ ❡ ✰ ✙
✔
✯ ✪ ✫
✒
❣
✓
✠ ✳ ✐ ✪ ✠ ✪ ✐
✔
✯ ✠ ✮ ✙
✔
✪
✒
✯ ✪ ✐ ✠ ✮ ✠ ✪ ✪ ✫
✒
✙
✔
✐ ✯ ✪ ✩
✓ ✔
✱ ❝ ✫
✒ ✓ ✒
✪ ✫
✒ ✏ ✔
✲ ❢ ✐ ❡ ✮ ✠ ✰ ✯ ✕ ✫
✒
✲ ✌
❙ ✐ ✯ ✕
✒
✪ ✫ ✐ ❡ ✙
✔
✪
✒
✯ ✪ ✐ ✠ ✮ ✲
✒
✙
✒
✯ ✲ ❡ ✭ ❡ ✮ ✐ ❣ ✫ ✪ ✮ ❢ ✡
✔
✯ ✪ ✫
✒
✮ ✠ ✪ ✐ ✪ ✰ ✲
✒
✠ ✯ ✲ ✫
✒
✐ ❣ ✫ ✪
✔
✩ ✪ ✫
✒
✙
✔
✐ ✯ ✪ ★ ✪ ✫
✒ ✒
❡ ✕ ✠ ✙
✒
✳
✒
✮
✔
✕ ✐ ✪ ❢ ✭ ❡ ✙
✒ ✒
✲ ✡ ✲
✒
✙
✒
✯ ✲ ❡ ✭ ❡ ✮ ✐ ❣ ✫ ✪ ✮ ❢ ✡
✔
✯ ✪ ✫
✒
❡
✒
✩ ✠ ✕ ✪
✔ ✓
❡ ✌ ✈
✦ ✝ ✦ ❃ ✮ ✮ ✶ ✰ ✠ ✯ ✪ ✐ ✪ ✐
✒
❡ ✳ ✠
✓
❢
✔
✳
✒ ✓
✠ ✯
✔ ✓ ✏
✐ ✪
✒
✚ ✕
✒
✙ ✪ ✠ ✯ ❣ ✰ ✮ ✠
✓
✱
✔
✱
✒
✯ ✪ ✰ ✱ ✠ ✯ ✲ ✪
✔
✪ ✠ ✮
✒
✯
✒ ✓
❣ ❢ ✌
✦ ✝ ❄ ✭
✏
✡ ★ ✭ ✕ ✡ ✠ ✯ ✲ ✭ ✲ ✡
✦ ✝ ✟ ❅ ✠ ✯ ✲ ✦ ✝ ✟ ✟ ❋
✔ ✓
✪ ✫
✒
❡
✒
✪ ❝
✔
✙
✓ ✔ ✏
✮
✒
✱ ❡ ★ ✕
✔
✱ ✙ ✮
✒
✪
✒
✪ ✫
✒
✫
✒
✱ ✐ ❡ ✙ ✫
✒ ✓ ✒
✪
✔
❡ ✙ ✫
✒ ✓ ✒
✌ ❃ ✪
✏ ✔
✪ ✫ ❇ ★ ✠ ✯ ✲ ❉ ★
✙
✔
✪
✒
✯ ✪ ✐ ✠ ✮ ✐ ❡ ✕
✔
✯ ❡ ✪ ✠ ✯ ✪ ✠ ✯ ✲ ✫
✒
✯ ✕
✒
✐ ✯ ✪
✒
✯ ❡ ✐ ✪ ❢ ♣ ✹ ✌ ✴ ✫
✒ ✓ ✒
✩
✔ ✓ ✒
★ ✩
✔ ✓
✪ ✫
✒
✫
✒
✱ ✐ ❡ ✙ ✫
✒ ✓ ✒
★ ✭ ✕ ✡ ✠ ✯ ✲ ✭
✒
✡
✠
✓ ✒
✕
✔ ✓ ✓ ✒
✕ ✪ ✌
✦ ✝ ✟
✽ ❊
✌ ☞
✾
☛ ✹
✿
✱
✦ ✝ ✟ ✞
❊
✌ ✹
✾
☛ ✹
● ❍
✵ ❣
✦ ✝ ✟
❏
☛ ✌ ✍ ✖
✾
☛ ✹
❑ ▲
✱
✦ ✝ ✟
✺ ❊
▼ ✎
✦ ✝ ✟ ❀ ☛
❊ ✻
✎
✦ ✝ ✟ ✼ ▼ ✌ ✹
✾
☛ ✹
◆
✱ ✩
✓ ✔
✱ ✪ ✫
✒ ✒
✠
✓
✪ ✫ ❖ ❡ ✕
✒
✯ ✪
✓ ✒
✦ ✝ ✟ ✦ ✖ ☛ ✌ ✗ ✵ ✱
P
❡
✦ ✝ ✟ ❄
✻
✌ ◗
✾
☛ ✹
❘
❚
❇ ❉
❆   ✁ ✂ ✄ ☎ ✁ ✷ ✆ ✝
✽ ✞ ✟ ✠ ✡ ☛ ☞ ✌ ✍ ✎
✻
✥ ✏ ✑
✽ ✞ ✟
✒
✎
✵
✡ ☛
✓
✌ ✍ ✎
✲ ✔
✕
✏
✖ ✗ ✘ ✙ ✚ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✧ ★ ✙ ✤ ✣ ✩ ✙ ✦ ✦ ✪ ✣
✥
✫ ✩ ✧ ✛ ✫ ✚ ✦ ✫
✑
✫ ✚ ✙ ✚ ✬ ✚
✑
✦ ✙ ✜ ★ ✣ ✣ ✭ ✬ ✫ ★ ✫ ✜ ✮ ✫ ✬
✥
✽ ✞ ✟ ✟ ➊ ✯ ☛ ✰ ✌ ✍ ✎
✻
✕
✏
✖ ✗
✽ ✞ ✟
✱ ● ✳
✏
✴
✶
✸
✡ ☛
✹
✌ ✍ ✎
✺ ✶
✥ ✑
✲
✶
✵ ✼
✶
✴ ✸
✍ ☛ ✍ ✌ ✍ ✎
✻
✥ ✑
✲
✶
✘ ✪ ✣ ✮ ✣ ✼ ✫
✑
✦ ✪ ✣ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✬ ★ ✙ ✮
✑
✧ ✣ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✾ ✮ ✛ ✦ ✙ ✦ ✫ ✛ ✚
☛
❚ ✪ ✬
✑
✫ ✚ ✦ ✪ ✣ ✮ ✛ ✦ ✙ ✦ ✫ ✚ ✗ ✾ ✮ ✙
✥
✣ ✛ ✾ ✦ ✪ ✣
✑
✦ ✙ ✮ ✵ ✦ ✪ ✣ ✫ ✚ ✿ ✙ ✮ ✩ ✾ ✛ ✮ ✤ ✣ ✫
✑ ✥
✬ ✤ ✪ ✗ ✮ ✣ ✙ ✦ ✣ ✮ ✦ ✪ ✙ ✚ ✦ ✪ ✣ ✛ ✬ ✦ ✿ ✙ ✮ ✩
✤ ✣ ✚ ✦ ✮ ✫ ✾ ✬ ✗ ✙ ★ ✾ ✛ ✮ ✤ ✣ ✙ ✦ ✫ ✦
✑
✣ ✭ ✬ ✙ ✦ ✛ ✮
☛
❚ ✪ ✣ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✿ ✫ ★ ★ ✮ ✣
✥
✙ ✫ ✚
✑
✦ ✬ ✤ ✖
❀
✙ ✚ ✩ ✚ ✛ ✦ ✾ ★
❁
✛ ✾ ✾ ✩ ✬ ✣ ✦ ✛
✤ ✣ ✚ ✦ ✮ ✫ ✾ ✬ ✗ ✙ ★ ✾ ✛ ✮ ✤ ✣
❝ ☛ ❂
✛ ✦ ✣ ✵ ✫ ✾ ✙ ✚ ✗ ✬ ★ ✙ ✮
✑
✧ ✣ ✣ ✩ ✛ ✾ ✮ ✛ ✦ ✙ ✦ ✫ ✛ ✚ ✫ ✚ ✤ ✮ ✣ ✙
✑
✣
✑ ✑
✙
❁
✜
❁
✙ ✾ ✙ ✤ ✦ ✛ ✮ ✛ ✾
✡ ✎ ✎ ✎
✵
✦ ✪ ✣ ✛ ✜ ✢ ✣ ✤ ✦ ✿ ✫ ★ ★ ✾ ★
❁
✛ ✾ ✾
☛
✽ ✞ ✟
❃ ✹
✌ ✍ ✎
✺ ✺
✕
✽ ✞ ✟ ❄ ✰ ✯ ❅
✖
✥