• • 
llim.tll'l II 
FoREWORD 
PREFACE 
UNIT VI 
CONTENTS 
REPRODUCTION 
Chapter 1 
Chapter 2 
Chapter 3 
Chapter 4 
UNIT VII 
: Reproduction in Organisms 
: Sexual Reproduction in F1owering Plants 
: Human Reproduction 
: Reproductive Health 
GENETICS AND EvOLUTION 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7 
UNIT VIII 
: Principles of Inheritance and Variation 
: Molecular Basis of Inheritance 
: Evolution 
BIOWGY IN HUMAN WELFARE 
Chapter 8 : Human Health and Disease 
Chapter 9 : Strategies for Enhancement in 
Food Production 
Chapter 10 : Microbes in Human Welfare 
UNIT IX 
iii 
vii 
1-66 
3 
19 
42 
57 
67-142 
69 
95 
126 
143-190 
145 
165 
179 
BIOTECHNOWGY 191-216 
Chapter 11 : Biotechnology : Principles and Processes 193 
Chapter 12 : Biotechnology and its Applications 207 
IX 
UNIT X 
EcOWGY 
Chapter 13 Organisms and Populations 
Chapter 14 : Ecosystem 
Chapter 15 
Chapter 16 
Biodiversity and Conservation 
Environmental Issues 
X 
217-286 
219 
241 
258 
270 
Chapter I 
Reproduction in Organisms 
Chapter:2 
Sexu at Re produc lion in 
flowering Plants 
Chapter:3 
Human Re produc lion 
Chapter4 
Reproductive Health 
Biology in essence is the story of life on earth. While individual 
organisms die without fail, species continue to live through 
millions of years unless threatened by na !ural or anthropogenic 
extinction. Reproduction becomes a vital process without 
which species cannot survive for long. Each individual leaves 
its progeny by as exu at or sexua I me a ns. S exua I mode of 
reproduction enables creation ofnewvarianls,so that survival 
advantage is enhartced. This unit examines the gerteral 
principles unde rtying reproductive processes in living orga nisrns 
and then explains the details of this process in flowering plants 
and humans as easy to relate representative examples. A related 
perspective on human reproductive health and how 
reproductive ill health can be avoided is also presented to 
complete our understanding of biology ofreproductiort. 
_I 
PANC HA AAN MJ~..H ES HWARI 
(1904-1966) 
Bom in November 1SD4 in Japur (Raja; than) Panchanan M aheshwai 
rose to bec ome one of the mos t distinguished botanists not only of India 
but of t he entire w orld. He moved to Allaha bad for highe r edu c ation 
whe re he ob ldne d his D.Sc. During hi; colle ge days, he w a; i n; p~ed 
by Dr W. Dudgeon. an Am eric an missionary teache r, to clevelop interest 
in Bota ny and especi ally morpho logy. His teacher once expressed that 
if his student p rogr esses ahead of him, it wil give him a great satisfac tion. 
These w ord> encourage d Pcnchanan to enquire what he could d o for 
his teache r in return. 
He worked on embryologic al aspects and popularised the u;e of 
embryolog ical chracte rs in taxo nomy. He established the Department 
of Botany, Unilersity of Delhi as an impo rtant cen tre of researc h n 
embryology and Issue c ulh.xe. He also emphasised the need for initiation 
of w ork on a rtifici al culture of immature embryos. Thes e days. tissue 
cultur e ha; bec om e a landmark in scienc e. His work on tes t tube 
ferlili; alion a nd intra-ovaricn p ollina tion won w orldwide a cclaim. 
He wa; honour ed w ith felow ship of Royal Socie ty of l ondon (FRS), 
Indi an Na tional Science Acad emy a nd several o the r in;ti tut ions of 
excell ence . He enc oura g ed general ed ucatio n and macle a significant 
contri butio n to school educatio n by hi; leadership in bri ng ing out the 
v ery f irs t textbooks of Biology for Higher Seco ndary School s published 
by NCERT in 1964. 
i I 
I 
j 
CHAPTER 1 
REPRODUCTION IN ORGANISMS 
1.1 Asexua l 
Reproduction 
1.2 Sexual 
Reproduction 
Eac h a nd every organis m can live only for a ce ttaln period 
of Ume. The period from birth to the natural death of a n 
organism represents Its life span. Life spans of a few 
organisms are given In Figure 1.1. Several other organisms 
a re d rawn for w hich you s hould find out their life spans 
and write in the spaces provided. Exa mine the life s pans 
of organisms represe nted In the Figur e 1.1. Is n't It both 
Interesting and Intriguing to note that It may be as shmt 
as a few days or as long as a few thousand years? Between 
these two extremes are the life s pans of mos t oth er living 
organi s ms . You may note that life s pans of organi s ms are 
not necessar ily correla ted With their sizes; the s izes of 
crows and pru1·ots ru·e not very different yet their life spans 
show a Wide difference. Similarly, a mango tree has a much 
s hort er life s pan as compared to a peep al tree. Whatever 
be the life s pan, death of evety Individual organi s m Is a 
certainty , I.e., no IndiVIdual Is Immortal, except single-celled 
organisms. Why do we say there is no natural death in 
single-celled organisms? Given this reality, have you ever 
wondered how vast numb er of plant a nd a nimal spec ies 
have exis ted on eruth for several thou sands ofyeru·:::? There 
mus t be some processes In llvtng organisms that ens ure 
this continuity. Yes, we ru·e talking about reproduction, 
something that we take for granted. 
81010GY 
Dot! __ B,_. lly ( 1-2 we bJ Crow' ( 15 Y"""'l 
llcnle(_) 
Fis,-ure 1.1 Approximate life~ of some or @r'Sms 
KEfROOOC ~0 N IN ORGMJI~il~$ 
Reproduction is defined as a biological process in which an 
organism gives lise to young ones (offsplingJ similar to itself. The offspling 
grow, ~lure and in tum produce new offspling. Thus, there is a cycle 
o fbirth, growth and death. Reproduction enables the continuity of the 
species, generation after generation. You will study later in Chapter 5 
(Principles of lnhelitance and Variation) how genetic valiation is created 
and inhelited duling reproduction. 
There is a large diversity in the biological world and each organism 
has evolved its own mechanism to multiply and produce offspring. 
The orgo..'lism's hobito.t, its internal physiology o.nd severo.! other factors 
are collectively responsible for how it reproduces. Based on whether 
there is participation of one organism or two in the process of 
reproduction, it is of two types. When offspring is produced by a single 
parent with or without the involvement of gamete formation, the 
reproduction is asexual. When two parents (opposite sex) participate in 
the reproductive process and also involve fusion of male and female 
gametes, it is called sexual reproduction. 
1.1 Asi·:xuAL R EPROiHJCTJON 
In this method, a single individual (parent) is capable of producing 
offspring. As a result, the offspring that are produced are not only 
itleuLical Lo oue auoLlier uu L are a! :so exacL copie:s of Llieir pareu L. 
Are these offspr(ng l(kety to be genet(calty (c/enttcal or different? 
The term clone is used to describe such morphologically and 
genetically similar individuals. 
Parent cell (a) 
Figure 1.2 Cell division in unicellular orgar.ism: (a) Budding in 
yeast; (b) Binary fission in Amoeba 
Let u~ see how widespread asexual reproduction is, among different 
groups of organisms. Asexual reproduction is common among 
single-celled organisms, and in plants and anima:s With relatively simple 
organisations. In Protists and Monerans, the organism or the parent 
cell divides into two to give lise to new individuals (Figurel.2). Thus, 
(b) 
BIOLOGY 
(a) 
(c) (d) 
Figure 1. 3 Asexual reproductive structures: (a) Zoospores of chlamydomonas; (b) Conidia of 
PeniciUiwn; (c) Buds 1n Hydra; (d) Gemmules 1n sponge 
in these organisms cell division is itself a mode of reproduction. Many 
single-celled organisms reproduce by binary fission, where a cell di\ides 
into two halves and each rapidly grows into an adult (e.g., Amoeba , 
Paramecium). In yeast. the di\ision is unequal and small buds are 
produced that remain attached initially to the parent cell which, 
eventually gets separated and mature into new yeast organisms [cells). 
Members of the Kingdom Fungi and simple plants such as algae 
reproduc e through special asexual reproductiv e structur es (Figure 1.3). 
The most common of these structures are zoospores that usually are 
microscopic motile structures. Other common asexual reproductive 
structures are conidia (PenidUtum), buds (Hydra) and gemmules (sponge). 
(a) 
Adventitious 
(b) Root 
(c) (d) (e) 
Fi&....., 1.4 ITe@<aUve pro~ ln =gtosporms: (a) Eyes of pototo; (b) Rhlzome of~; 
(c) Bulbll of Asove; (d) Leoi buds of Bryophyium; (e) Offset of water hyo«nlh 
You ruwe learnt a.fx>ut oe9etatwe reproduction in p!arlts in Class Xl. 
INhat do gou tNnl<- Is oe9etatwe reprodud(On also o. tgpe of asexual. 
reproduction? IN1\(j do gou sag so? Is the term done o.pp1i.co.b!e to the 
<dJsprin9 formed. bg oe9etotwe reprodud(On? 
While in animals ond other Simple orgoru sms lhe term asexual is used 
unornbiguously. in plants. lhe term vegetative rep reduction is frequently 
used. In pl3.nts. llie Wl.its of vegetative propagatlon such .as rurmer. 
illlzome. suclter. tuber. olfset. bulb are all capable of g;v;ng rise to new 
offspnng (Figure1.4). These structures are called vegetative propagules. 
ObViOusly. since llie formation of lliese structures ctces not invohe two 
parents.llie process imohed. is .ase:..:u.al. 
r 
81010GY 
You rrust have heard a tout the soowge of the water lx:dies or about 
the 'terror of Bengal'. This is nothing but the aquatic plmt 'water hyacinth' 
which is one of the most invasive weeds lbundgrowing whereter there is 
standing water. It drains O."Jfgen from the water. which leads to death of 
fishes. You will learn more a tout it in Ol.apters 13 and. 14. You may find. 
it interesting to know that this plont was intrcduced in India because of 
its beautiful nm.,-s mdshape of leaves. Since it em prcpagate vegetati\ely 
at a phenom ena1 rate and spread all over the water body in a short penod 
of lime. it is very di1!icult to get rid o1! them. 
1\re JOU aware how plmts like potato. sugarcme. ban=. g;nger. 
dal'llia are cultivated? Hale you seen small plmts emerging from the 
buds (called eyes) of the potato tuber. from the rhizomes of banana and 
ginEJ'r? When you carefully try to determine the site of origin of the new 
plantlets in the plmts listed above. you will notice that theyinvanably 
anse from the nodes present in the modified stems of these plants. When 
the nodes rome in contact With damp SOil or water. they produce roots 
and new plmts. Similarly. adventitiOus buds arise from the notches 
present at margins of leaves of BI)Jophgll.um. This ability is fully «<ploited 
by gardeners and fam1ers fbr commercial propagation of such plants. 
It is interesting to note tllat asexual reprcduction is llie ccmmon mellicd. 
of reproduction in orgarusm s that have a relatively simple orgorusation. 
like algae and fun& md that they shift to se:<ual method of reproduction 
just before llie onset of ad\lerse conditiOns. F'lnd out how sexual. 
reprodu.cO:m eno..fXes these or9on.:sms to suroloe dun:n9 urifaoouro..fXe 
cmGbtlons? T»hg .:s semal. reprodJ.Jdlmfcroowed under such conditlGnS? 
Asexual (legetative) as 1A»ll as se:<ual modes of reprcdu ction are exhibited 
by the higher plonts. On the other hand. ooly sexual mode of reproduction 
is present in most of llie anim.als. 
1. 2 Smru.AL RJ;:paoDucnoN 
Se:<ual reproduction inrolves formation of the male and female gametes. 
either by the same individual or bY different individuals of the oppoSite 
sex. These gametes fuse to fbrm the ZJ'!Ple which delelops to form the 
neworg3Jl.ism. It is.anelatorate. complex and slow process .as compared. 
to .ase:.ru.al 1epo:luction. Because of Ole fuSion of m.ale and tern .ale g.am.etes. 
se:<ual reproduction results in offspring that are not identical to the parents 
or ~st lliernselves. 
A stucty of dilerse orgmisms-plmts onimals or fungi-show that 
though they differ so greatly in external morphology. internal structure 
.and. physiOlogy. when it comes to se::-::u.al mode of reproduction. 
surpriSingly. they share a similar pattern. Let usfirStdiscusswhat features 
.are COilUl'Dil. to lliese diverse orgmism.s. 
All orgmisms have to reach a certain stage of growth and maturity in 
their life. befOre they con reproduce se:<ually. That period of growth is 
tfiiOfiUCHON IN OtGMI'SM'S. 
called tho JuvenUe phase. 1\ iS 1tnoom as vegetati ve pita.., in plants . 
This phase u a vanable cbcations in diJferent crgarusms . 
11lll eJXI a Ju>'ellile/~egetali ~e pball! which rmrlts tho beg.nn;ng a 
the roproc:lucuve pha:se can be seen easily in the hig)ler plants when theJI 
come to flower. How !ong does it eakejor m:rr~ol.dfr~/wl>.tct./ o:>o:>nu/.1 
m:II\90 p.o.ne• eo oome eo flower? In some p.o.nes. wl>.trtjl.oworil>(J occurs 
mort ell.<xt\ once. w11at wou/.d gou. ool./, the iflt.>r:f!ow~il>(J ptr(Od.-Jtwenile 
or mct.ur•? 
Observe a fe w trees in JOur area. Do they flower dlltlng the sarre 
m:>nth l<!ar after ye>t? Why do you think the av .>JiabWty of fruits like 
~. apple. Jackfruil. etc .. is :seas0!l31? Are there som!l plant s that flower 
II'U"oughout the yeor and same others that show seasonol flowenng? 
~nts -the annua l and bienni3.1 type s, sh ow clear cut vegeta tiVe. 
reprocluctlve and senesc ent pha:ses. but in the perennW spedeSit is very 
dift'icult to clearly clefine these pha ses. A few plants exhibit unusual 
!lo<l.ering pho:IOttenon: :;orre a them such as b3mbco specieS flowerool)' 
once in their Iii! Une. get~eralll'after SO-l 00 )"ars. FW'Oclueelare> null'tler 
a fruits anclele. Another plant. ~obilattl\us 1a.u\ft\lm\(l(neelakuranji). 
!lowers once in 12 )"ars. As many a you 1!0Uicl be lu>owing that this 
plant flowered ctunng September -October 2006 . Its mass OC>W<lring 
transformed large tracks a hilly area s in Kerala .!Umataka and Tornil 
Naclu into blue stretches and attra cted a large number a tounsls. In 
animals. the ju>enile pha:se is lollowed by rrorphoiclgicaland phySiOlogical 
change s priOr to acUve reproc:lucuve tehalllour . The reproc:luCU;e phas e 
is also of variable duraUonindif ferentotganis ms. 
C<ln gou. (iS; en.e dvmges seen ;n lw.man bei.r\gs e11ae o.r• if\d.i.ct:ttWe 
of r•pod.u<fil>e mabni.tg? 
Am:>ng ani mals. lbr example birds, do they tay eggs aU II'U"ough the 
yea!? Or is 11 a seasonal phenorrenon? What ab out other animals like 
frogs and Uzarcls? You will noUce that, bird s liVing in nature lay egg,. oo!y 
seasonolly . Howe,.,r. birds in captiVity (as in poultry !Mms) can be made 
to Ia)' eggs throughout the year. In thi s case,lay;ng eggs is not related to 
repro:tucUOn but is a con:u:rercial exploitation for human ~lfare . Tile 
iomales aplaeental mammals exhibit c)'clicalchane>s in the aCUViUesof 
ooanes and accessa)' ducts as ... n as b::t naes ctunng the roprcduCU"' 
phase . In non-pnmale manmalslilte rows, sheep. rals.cleers.clogs.liger. 
etc .. such c)'CIIcalchan~sdunngreptodu clicn are call ed oestrv.s cycle 
Whore as in pnmates (tn:llll<eys . apes. and humans) 11 is calleclmenotrual 
cycle . Many mammals. espeCially those liVing in naturol. wQclcondilions 
exhibit such cyclesonly dunngfavourable seasons in thell'reproc:lucUve 
phase and are therefo re called :seasonal breeders . Many other mamma ls 
m mpro:luct!ve ly active tllroughout thei1' repro:tu cl:ive phase and hence 
are called con.t:tnuous breeders. 
That we oll grow old (if <Ae live long enough). is some thing that we 
recogni se . .Bul. w hat (S meant bg growing old? The end a roproc:lucl:ive 
BIOlOGY 
phase can be consid ered as one of the parameters of senescence or old 
age. There are concomit ant changes in the body (like slowing of 
metabolism. etc. ) during this last phase oflif e span. Old age ultimately 
leads to death . 
In both plants and animals. horm ones are res ponsible for the 
transitions betwe en the three phases. Interacti on between hormones and 
certain environm ental factors regulate the reproductive processes and 
the ass ociated behavioural expressions of organisms . 
Events in sexual reproduction :After attainment of maturity. all se.'illally 
reprodu cing orga nism s exhibit events and proc esses that have remarkable 
fundamental similarity. even though the struct ures associat ed with sexual 
reproduction are indeed very different. The events of sexua l reproduction 
though elab orat e and complex. follow a regul ar sequence. Sexual 
reprod uctio n is characterised by the fusion (or fertilisa tion) of the male and 
female gamet es. the formation of zygote and ern bryogenesis. For convenience 
these sequential events may be grouped into three distin ct stages nam ely. 
the pre-fertilisation, fertilisation and the post-fertilisation events. 
1.2.1 Pre-fert ilisa tio n Events 
These includ e all the event s of sexu al reproduction prior to the fusion of 
gametes. The two main pre-fertilisation events are gametogenesis and 
gamete transfer. 
1.2.1. 1 Gametogen esis 
As you are already aware gametogenesis refers to the process offo rrnation 
of the two types of gamet es- male and fem ale. Game tes are hapl oid 
cells. In some alga e the two gametes are so simila r in appearance 
that it is not possible to categorise them into male and female gametes. 
(a) (b) 
Figure 1.5 Types of gam etes: (a) Isogam etes of Cladophora (an alga): Heteroga metes 
(b) Fucu s (an alga) : (c) Hum an beings 
UPROC'IUC!IO!! m OtGA!!I9J.~ 
They are hence. are collect homo gametes (lsogametesj (Fi~re I. 5>). 
Hov.:e,er. in a majority of sexu.ally reproducing org.arusms tll.e g.arretes 
pm:luced Me of \11.1:1 !Y.::>rphologicallydistiftc\ \Jij)es (heterogametesj. In 
such org.arusms tll.e awe g.arrete is called llie antherozo1d or spenn 
ond the femalegomete is called the egg or ovum (Figure!.& b. c). 
Sexuality In organisms: Sexual reproductiOn in orgonisms gener.ny 
involves llie fusiOn of g.arretes from. tloi.'O different indiVidu.als. But tll.is 
is not alw.ays true. From gour recotledlon of examples stu.dled Ln 
C!a.ss M. ""'gou <dentifg cases where selffertili.so.IX.cn <s obseroed.? Of 
course. citing such e;o.:amples in plmts is easy. 
Plants may have l:oth male ond female reprOO.uclive structures in the 
sarre plant (bisexual) (Figure I. 6 c. e) or on different plants (Wlisexual) 
(Figure I. 6d). In se,eral fungi ond plants. terms such as ltomotltalllc 
and monoectous are used to denote the bise:...:u.al condition md 
heterothaillc and d1oec1ous are llie terms used to describe Wl.ise:...:u.al 
oondilion.ln flowering plants. the unisexual male Oower is staminate. 
i.e .• beanng starrens. while the female is plstlllate or bearing pistils. In 
some flD'A"ring plants. both male and female Oo""'rs may be present on 
the sarre indiloidual (rronoeciOus) or on separate indiViduals (dioeeious). 
Sorre examples of nDneeCious pl3nts are cucurbits and coconuts and of 
dioeeious plants are papaya and date palm Name the tgpe <Q9ametes 
that are formed Ln st.o.mrote and pL.stiUote flowers. 
But what about animals? Are indiVidu.als of all species eillier awe or 
fem.ale (wt1se>..1.lal)? Or are there species wh.ich possess botll. tll.e 
reproductive organs (bisexual)? You probc:J..blg can. make a. tL.st 
of seoeral. uniSexual. animal. sped.es. Earthworms. (Figure 1.6 a) sponge. 
t.apev.orm and leech. typic.al e:...:amples of bisexual animals that possess 
botll. male md fem.ale reproductive org.ans . .are hennaphrodites. 
Q:lckroach (Figure 1. 6b) ism e;:.:ample of a Wl.ise:...:u.al species. 
Cell division during gamete fonnatbn : Garretes in all heterogametic 
speCies areoftwotypes namely. male and female. Garretes are haploid 
though the parent plant body from which they an se may be either haplOid 
or diploid. A haploid parent produces garretes by mi \otic di 1>1 Sion. Does 
tN.s mean. that meLOsLS neoer oca.ns (n or9an..:.sms that are hoplold? 
Carefully examine the flow charts of life cycles of algae that you have 
studied in Class XI (Chapter 3) to get a sUitable answer. 
Several orgonisms belonging to monera. fungi. algae and bryophytes 
have ltaploi'l plant body. but orgonisms belon@ng to ptertdophytes. 
gjmnOsperms. an&osperms ond rmst of the onimals including human 
beings. the parental to:lyis d!Jiold. It isobvicus that rreiOSis. therectuclicn 
diVisiOn. has to occur ii a diploid body has to prcduce haploid garretes. 
lndiploidorgarusms. Sf"Cialised cells calledme1ocytes (gamete rrother 
cell) 1.Ulde:rgo rreiOsis. IU tll.e end of rreiOsis. only one set of chromosorres 
r 
81010GY 
Clitellum 
Mole 
Testls 
(a) 
(c) 
(b) 
Fig,-ure 1.6 D1,ers:1ty of sexu..3lity 1n or@l'USms (aJ BiSexual~ (EMthworrn); (b) Umse:xU3l 
~al (O:Icla'o.zchl; (c) Monoee1ous pl3nt ~h«ro.); (d) D10ec10Us pl3nt. (M«rchcmU«); 
(e) B=>l flower !sw<et potato) 
U~lODjC'UON IN O I GANIW~ 
~ l.t : C.h:romosome Numbers in M eiocyt.!$ (diploid, 2.n) :a.nd G::unetes 
~pto;d. n) o£ Some ~- Fill in tho Blank f\>ot&s 
~· ...... 
Na.mt~of~m Ch:romo:some numbe.r Chromo.some numbe.r ~ in """"";-te (2n) in (,vnote (n) 
Hv:m«n bf"~gJ 46 23 
H"-'ll)y 12 
Rot 2 1 
D<:9 78 
c.e 19 
Ftv.<tft,J 8 
Oph<~<Wum {!!.fern) 630 
I 
i Appl• 34 
I II<« 12 
! M«Uf" 20 
l 
PoO<t.o 24 
B•tttcf!y 380 
j Ort(<>rt 16 
}. ....................................... , , ............................................ "" ..•. , ............................................ . 
g>tslncorporo.tect into each gamete. carefully study Table 1.1 and fill in 
Ule diploid and haploid chror!Dsorre number s of organisms. Is (1\<'re ang 
rel.at(CMN.p in ette number of cl\romosomes of me(Ccgt•• and. 9a.m«es? 
1.2.1.2 Gom.<tte Transfer 
N.ter their !ormatiOn, mole and female gametes must be phystc..Uy 
brought together to facilitate fusiOn (fertiliSatiOn). H~ (,IOU eoer 
won<!Air<d 1\oW Itt. 9a.me1es meet? In a maptty d. organisms, male 
gamete IS motile and the female gamete is stalllmaly . Exceptions are a 
lew fungi a.nd algae in which both t?Jies of ga.metes a.re rmtile 
[Figure 1.7a). There is a need far a !redium lhrl:lugh which the male 
gametes """" · In sereral Simple plants like a lgae. bljOphJ'Ies and 
pterldcphytes. water is Ule rredium through which this gam~ to tra.nsfer 
takes place. A large numb er of the malegarretes. however. ~U to reach 
Ule female gametes. To compensate this loss of male gamotes dunng 
trmsport. the number of rruJe gametes produceo Is seoeral thousand 
limes the numbe r of female garretes produced . 
In seed pl>nts. pollen g<3.ins are the carrtero of male gametes and 
ovule have the egg. Pollen g<3.ins produced in anth ers Ulerefore, have to 
r 
Fusion of 
gametes 
Figure 1.7 
BIOlOGY 
Zygote New 
individual 
be transferred to the stigma before it can lead to 
fertilisation (Figure 1.7b). In bisexual, self-fertilising 
plants, e.g., peas, transfer of pollen grains to the stigma 
is relatively easy as anthers and stigma are located close 
to each other; pollen grains soon after they are shed, 
come in contact with the stigma. But in cross 
pollinating plants (including dioecious plants), a 
specialised event called pollination facilitates transfer 
of pollen grains to the stigma. Pollen grains germinate 
on the stigma and the pollen tubes carrying the male 
gametes reach the ovule and discharge male gametes 
near the egg. In dioecious animals, since male and 
female gametes are formed in different individuals, the 
organism must evolve a special mechanism for gamete 
transfer. Successful transfer and coming together of 
gametes is essential for the most critical event in sexual 
reproduction, the fertilisation. 
(a) 
1.2.2 Fertilisation 
The most vital event of sexual reproduction is perhaps 
'i the fusion of gametes. This process called syngaJDy 
results in the formation of a diploid zygote. The term 
fertilisation is also often used for this process. The 
terms syngamy and fertilisation are frequently used 
though , interchangeably. 
What would happen if syngamy does not occur? 
However, it has to be mentioned here that in some 
(b) organisms like rotifers, honeybees and even some lizards 
and birds (turkey), the female gamete undergoes (a) Homogametic contact in alga; (b) Germinating pollen development to form new organisms without fertilisation. 
grains on the stigma of a flower This phenomenon is called parthenogenesis. 
Where does syngamy occur'? In most aquatic 
organisms, such as a majority of algae and fishes as well as amphibians, 
syngamy occurs in the external medium (water), i.e., outside the body of 
the organism. This type of gametic fusion is called external fertilisation. 
Organisms exhibiting external fertilisation show great synchrony between 
the sexes and release a large number of gametes into the surrounding 
medium (water) in order to enhance the chances of syngamy. This happens 
in the bony fishes and frogs where a large number of offspring are 
produced. A major disadvantage is that the offspring are extremely 
vulnerable to predators threatening their survival up to adulthood. 
In many terrestrial organisms, belonging to fungi, higher animals such 
as reptiles birds, mammals and in a majority of plants (bryophytes, 
pteridophytes, gymnosperms and angiosperms), syngamy occurs inside 
UPP.O!)IJC'!IO!! II! OtGA!!I9J.~ 
tre bc:dyofthe otgonism. hence the process is colled lntemalfertlllsatk>n. 
In ..U these orgonisms. egg is forrred inside the female bcxly where they 
fuse with the !rule g=ete. In org~rusms exhibilingintenul fertili~tion. 
the mole gomete is rrotile 3Jld ru.s to reach the egg in order to fuse With it. 
In these even though the number of sperms produced is very large. there 
is a Si~ificant reduction in the number of eggs produced. In seed plants. 
however. the non-rrot.ile male gometes are earned to female garrete by 
pollen tubes. 
1.2. 3 Post-fertilisation Events 
Elents in sexual reproductiOn after the formation of zygote are called 
post-fertlllso tk>n events. 
1.2.8. J Th.€ Zygote 
Formation of the diploid zygote is universal in all se:<ually reproduCing 
org3Jl.isms. In org3Jl.ism.s V>lith extem3l fertilisation. zJgote is fOrmed in 
the e:<tenul rrediurn (usually water). whereas in those e:~.hibitinginternal 
fertilisation, zygote is torrred inside the body of the orgonism 
Further deleloprrent of the zygote depends on the type of life cycle 
llie org3Jl.ism. h3.s .mct the enVironmmt it is exposed. to. In org3.nisms 
belonging toftmgi and algae. zygote develops a thick wall that is reSistant 
to dessication and c!Mnage. It undergoes a pericd of rest be!Ore 
germination. In orgonisms With h3plontic life cycle (As you have read 
in Class XI). zygote diVides by rreiOsis to fOrm haploid spores that grow 
into h3ploid indiViduals. Consul.t gour Class X1 book and.fll\d. out wl'lo.t 
lOr\ d. if deO<?!opmEnt takes pa<e in the zg,gote <n or9an<sms ~h di.p!onti.c 
ond. ha.p!o-di.p!ont<c life cgc!es. 
Zygote is the vital link th3.t ensures continuity of species 
betT.o~.-een org3.nism.s of one gener3.tion .and. tll.e next. Elery sexu3lly 
reproducing organism. including human beings begin life as a single 
cell- the zy!P(e. 
1.2.8.2 Embryoge>Wsis 
Embxyogeneslsrefers to the process ofdeleloprrentof embzyo from the 
zygote. During embryogenesis, zygote undergoes cell division (mitosis) 
.mct cen differen tJa tk>n. While cell di \lis iOns incre.ase llie nurnter of cells 
in the developing embryo: cell di11erentiation helps groups of cells to 
Wldergo cert.ain mcdific.ations to 1brm speci.alised tissues .mct org.ans to 
tbrm .an org3Jl.ism You h3.le studied. 3.bout llie process of cell d.i\lisiOn 
.mct d.ifferenti 3.tion in llie premus cl.as s. 
Animals are cate!j:lnsed into oviparous and vMparous based on 
whetherthedevelopmentofthezygote take place outside the body of the 
female parent or inside. i.e .. whether theylayfertillsed/tmfertillsed eggs 
or give birth to young ones. In OViparous animals like reptiles and birds, 
r 
BIOlOG Y 
the fertilis ed eggs covered by hard calcareous shell are laid in a safe 
place in the environment; after a period of incubation young ones hatch 
out. On the other hand, in viviparous animal s (majori ty of mammal s 
including human beings ), the zygote develops into a y oung one inside 
the body of the femal e organism. After attaining a certain st age of growth, 
the young ones are delivered out of the body of the female organism . 
Because of proper embryonic care and protection , the chances of survival 
of y oung ones is greater in viviparous organisms. 
In flowering plants , the zygote is formed inside the ovule. After 
fertilisation the sepals, petals and stam ens of the flower wither and fall 
off. Can you name a plant in which the sepals remain attached? The 
pistil however , remains attached to the plant. The zygote develops into 
the embryo and the ovules develop into the seed . The ovary develops into 
the fruit which develop s a thick wall called peri carp that is protecti ve in 
function (Figure 1.8). After dispersal, s eeds germinate under favourable 
conditions t o produce new plants . 
Figure 1.8 A few kinds of fruit s h owing s eeds (S) and 
protective pericarp(P) 
SUMMARY 
Reprodu ction enables a species to live generation after generation. 
Reprodu ction in organisms can be broadly classifi ed into asexual and 
sexual r epro duc tion. Asexual reproduction d oes n ot involve the 
formation or fusion of gametes . It is common in organisms that h a ve a 
relati vely simple organisation such as the fungi , algae and som e 
invert ebra te animals. The offspring formed by asexual r eproduction 
are identi cal and are referred to as clone s. Zoospor es, conidia, etc. , are 
the most common as exual structures formed in several alg ae an d fungi . 
Budding and gemmule formation are the common asexual methods 
seen in animals . 
Prokary otes and unic ellular organism s repro du ce as exuall y b y 
cell divisi on or binary fission of the parent cell. In s everal aquatic and 
terre strial species of angiosperms , stru c tures s u ch as runner s, 
r rb.zome s. suckers. tube~ oifsets. etc.. are capabM ei gtvtng r1Se b 
~ .. ·········'' :' .. ~"/:~·wg~u:·~.~=w.l r"'Pr<>duoiJon I< ~ner>lly 
. · 
&oxuol ,.produ:>tlon trool""" Ue £:nnat1on and ~ of ~­
It IS a com.ple:x an:1 slower precess as compaied to .ase:xu.al r.prod.uction 
Moo\ oflht ~ animals reproduoe almost enllntly by-~ meth>d. 
E\oerU of secual reprodmtion may be ca~rtsed 1rl.o p•fertllls:ation 
far~n:md post, fertilisation .,..,..,ts. FN-fert111s>.tlon """"ts ll'clude 
ga.m.et.ogemslS 3.nd g3Jl'l.ete trMlSfier while pos t-fe:rUhn.Uon events 
!nOI\Ida \ha form .. tlon of zygote =d embryo~. 
Org.ar.dsms m~ be bise:xu..31 or WliSexw.l. Sexuality tn plants ts 
,..,led. p>rt.louW ly 1n ~sperms. due lo Ue produc\Jon of dlvorse 
types o£ Oowers. P13rtls are defined as monoee:1ous .-rd. dloectous. 
Fbwcs m».y be btsexu.al or uniseXual flov.ws . 
~ ""' hapb>i 1n nob.U<! and usuolly a dnot pocb.l<t <4 """""' 
- e<oop.1n h3pbld org>rdSnS ...tere g>meles _,. brrnAd by - · 'fiazwfor <4 male~ 1S anessent101.,..,; 1n HXI.W,.od'-""">n. 
It 11 reb.tl.valy easy 1n bisexual organs:ms. In uni.Sie:Xw.l .an.tna1s it oocu:rs 
bf copo•1"k'-'\ 01 sunult.ane::.us release . in a~~spaa1a.,. aspeoW prooess 
oallod poii!NI.>on Enitns trmsfar d p:>llen~- ~ u.. pollen 
I§""" to \he~ 
6f~""f fk<U!!sa.t1od occurs bit the maLe on! lomoio ~ 
S~y ma.y occur eith=r extem.ally. outside tte body of org.uums or 
tn"-mally. lnJSde tl-e tody . S~y leads to ilrma.Uon. of .a.~ ·alfa:d 
oooU call<d "l'O'>Ie. 
1he process of de,.elop men\ of embryo &om U.. zygoia !s called 
ort~bryoea.-s. In~ lhe zyb'>te starts d...alop<ng soon >fie< 1ts 
fonnatlon Animals may be either oViparous or Vi.Vipuou.s. Ewlbryonal 
protAotlon .a.r:d CMe axe better 1n ViViparous or @J'U~. 
In f1owenng pl.ms. oJ\er ferllltso.t!on. ovo.ry de''Oiop s 1nto frutl =d 
ovu.t. m».tu.re tnto seeds. hls1de the mature seed 1S tht progenitor of 
th1JWCl ganer 3lion ~ e:rnbryo . 
\,., .... ,,,,,,,,,,,, ....................................................................................................... : 
EXI F<CISES 
l . Why iS reprodu::Uon esserl!at &x or.gantsm <? 
2 . Which ts .a bette" mcde d reprodu::bon sexual or Mex·ual? Why? 
3 . ~ IS iht o!fspr!ng fonned by ase><ual reproducO!on r-0> .. dDuP. 
4. Offspring formed due to sex-ual reprcd uc:Uon h.a-.oe bette ~es of 
OW'V!-...1. Why? Is thls sl<demenl always true'? 
~- ._ doss the progany formed from asexual nproduc\Jon difler from 
tho• lormed by sexual reprodu:>tort? 
6. 0~ bel""""OS<Oeual and sexual r"'P"'d '-'0\Jon. Why IS vegat.>.llve 
reproduotion also oons!de<ed os a type of os<!><ual reprodU>tiort? 
'/> 
~·.:· 
'· ... , 
. :, ':::. 
~~·:.'; ;.~.: 
: ;· 
r 
7. What 1S -.teget.<di,~ propagation? Gh~ tv.o sUi.t.able e::<Mnples. 
8. Define 
(a) Ju,>mJ!e ph>s.o. 
(b) ReproduotM ph>s.o. 
(c) Semsc:ent phose. 
81010GY 
9. Higl':er org3l'"lisrns ha,~ resorted to sexU3l reproduction 1n spite of its 
c:ornpleX1ty. Why? 
10. Expl3in why meiosiS .mel gametoge:nes1s Me always intE:rlmked? 
11. ldontlfy eooh po:rt 1n a 0o""""t pl=t =I wnte v.n.ther it lS haplo1d 
(n) "' diplo1d (2 n). 
(a) O>o:ry 
(b) Anther 
(c) Egg 
(d) Pollen 
(e) Mole g>mete 
Ul Zygote 
12. Define external fertilisation Ment.ion its dis.zd~s. 
13. Differen11ate between a zoospore and a zye;M. 
14. Difiere:ntJ.ate between gMnetoge:nests from e:mbr}O~r.ES1S. 
15. Descnte the post-furtilis>.llon ~ ln a Oower. 
16. What 1S a bisexual O.ower? O:lllect five btse:xual flowers from your 
neighbourh:lo:i and wtili ilie help of your teacher Bn::l out ilie1r common 
~ SC1el'"ltiftc rw\'\eS. 
17. Ex~tne a few flowers of my cucurbit p13nt ~ try to identify Ule 
st.c:mtnate ~ p1S Ullate flov.ers. Do }OU lmow my oilier p13nt Ul.at 
beMS tuUsexU3l O.owerS? 
18. Why Me offsprmg <~f OVipMOUS M~imals at a gteMf4 riSk ~ compMECI 
to of!sprmg of >Wlpo:row =>ls? 
·-------------------------------------------·-· ............................................................... 
CHAPTER 2 
SEXUAL REPRODUCTION IN 
FLOWERING PLANTS 
21 Ftower- AFascinottng 
OrgCI!\ of Angtospe7'7'M 
22 PrefernUsoticn: Stror;tures 
ond.Even.ts 
23 Double Fertilts«tion. 
24 Post-ftrttli.s dicn.: Strt¢tr..<res 
ond.Even.ts 
25 Apomi:.ds ond 
Po!yemb'llony 
Eire we not lucky that pl3nts reprcduce sexu..UJI? The 
rnynoctsof Oowers that weenjoyg3Zingat. the scents ond 
llie perfumes tllat we STA'Oon mer. the rich colours tllat 
.attract us . .are .all tll.ere .as m .aid. to sexU3.l reprcduction. 
Flowers cb not exist only fbr us to be used. fbr our own 
sel1ishness. All flc:menngpl3nts show se:<ual repltXIuction. 
A look .at tl1e diversity of structures of llie in1lorescences. 
O.owers .and. O.or.al parts. shows .an .amaZing range of 
odaptations to ensure fOrmation of the end prcducts of 
sexual reprcduction. the fruits ond seeds. In this chapter. 
let us understand the rrorphology. structure and the 
processes of sexu.al reprcduction in tlowef'ir'lg pl3.nts 
(ong;osperrns). 
2, j £a'L01.\!ER ··A f·~,&;o.NA1l:iG 0RGID'i O:P 
A~("',,3('>::·:W"SftM5 
Hum:m beings have had an intimate relationship With 
Oowers since tin-e irnm::::rn0rt3.1. Flowers .are objects of 
a.esllietic. ortl3.n"ental. soCial. religious and cultural v.alue 
-they have always been used as symbols tor comey;ng 
import.ml hurl'Wl feelings such as love . .affection. 
happiness. gr;ef. rrourn;ng. etc. Li.stat l.east.fo>ejl.ru>ers 
of orname-ntaL oatu.e that are commonlg cultWated o.t 
r 
81010GY 
Fig,-ure 2.1 A di.ao.@'<m~J"naUc representation of L.S. of a Oow;a 
homes and in 9ar<Uns. Ftr1d out the names if fo>e m>re }l>wers tlut ore 
used in sod.a!. and w!twal. oe!e/:<ot(Ons in gow fcrmi!IJ Haoe gcu heard 
of fo>rrmll.ure-u.i\a.t does it refer to? 
To a biOlogist. flowers ore rrorphological ond embryological nwvels 
.mctllie Sites of se:..:U3l repm:tuction. In cl3.ss XI. }OU have read. tl1e vmcu. s 
ports of a nov.,r. Figure 2. I Will help l'JU recall the ports of a typical 
flower. C3n you na.rre llie l'-1.'0 parts in a O.CN.-er in which llie l'-1.'0 nDSl 
import on\ units of sexual reprcduc\ion delelop? 
Much berorethe actual flc:mer is seen on a plmt. the deciSion that the plont 
is !PiJ1g to nov.,r has Ween place. Several horrralal ond structural c~s 
ore initiated which lead to the differentiation •nd further developmmt of 
the floral prinDidium ln11orescences oreforrred which bear theflcral buds 
ond then the nov.,rs. In the flol<"r the male ond female reprcductive 
structures. the mdroeciwn ond the gynoec;wn differentiate and develop. 
You lol.ould. recollect tll.at llie .mdrceeiurn. conSists of a whorl of st.arrens 
representing the male reproductive organ ond the gynoeciwn represents 
the female reproductive erg on. 
UXII AI UHO DifCIK\H IN ftO\'\ 'UING tlAMt~ 
2.2.l Stan-.en. Mlcrosporangiuro and Pollen Q-ain 
~"' 2.2a shoWs the t,.,partscta (l'fli~ slamen -the long ancl slencl>r 
stalk called the ftlament, and the termnal !!'nerall y b!lobed struct ure 
called the anther. The pm'<imalendofthe fil=:ent 
is altacheclto the thala mus or the petal of the 
flower. The number and length of stamen s are 
vartabloin Oowersofd;fferent speCies. If you were 
to c:ollect a starren each from ten flowers (each from 
elilfe.,nl spocllls) and arrange them on a sliclo. you 
<11:>ulcl bo able to ap preciate lhe large variation in 
stze see n in nature. C3reful observation of each 
starren under a dissecting microscope and making 
neat diagrams would elucidate the range in shape 
andattachtrentaf anthers indifterent tlowers. 
A typical ang;ospe rm anther is btlobed Wilh 
each lobo haVing t""'theea. i.e .. they are dithecow; 
lJ'Ie.aro 2 .2). Often a longituclinal groo1e runs 
JenglhWise separating the theca. La us understand 
the vanous types ct tissues and their agarusation 
1n the ltans...rse section ctan anther~ 233). 
Tho b!lobed nature ct an anth er is very distin ct in 
lhetrmsverse sectia1 oflheanlher. The anlheris 
a four .sJclocl (tetragona l) situ cture consisting o! 
t:nJ.r mlcrosporangta located at the corners. two 
1n each lobo. 
-
The m1cros poung;a develop further and (al 
b>c~ pollen sacs. They extencllong;tuclinall y 
(b) 
alllhlough the length of an anther ancl are packed Figure 2.2 (al A typ1C31 stamen; 
With pollen grains. (b) lluee-d1m ensionol cui. s"""'n 
Structure of mtcrosporangtum: In a trm S\>"erse of .m. .anilier 
soclion. a tJ-pical microsporang;um appear s near 
circular 1n outline . It is generally surrounded by four wall layers 
(Figuro2 .3 b)- theepiclermis.encblhecium.middle J.ayon ancllho tapetum 
Tho outer thn!e ••••lllayers pabmlhe function at prctection anclhelp in 
clohis"'n"' ct anther to release the pollen. The illllef1mst wall layer is the 
tapetwn. ll nourishesthecleoelo(ingpcilengrains. CeUsctthe tapetum 
possess dense cytoplasm and generally ha"'"""' lhancne nucleus . can 
\IOU INN< t( 1\<x.o t<t)'X'tal cells O>tdd.l>ec<ime 1>:-n~? 
When the anthe r is JOUng. a group d. ccrq>acuy arranged homogenous 
cells called the sporogenous tissue occupie s the centre of each 
micn:>sporang~um 
MlcroSporoQellesls : As the anther develops. the cells ollho sporogenous 
Ussuo unclergorre iOtic diVisions toformmicrosp oro telracls. WMt woul.d 
be en.. pl.oi.CIIJ of Cl'12 cells of Cl'12 Ce!Tad? 
r 
. . 
IL,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, J,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,. 
,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,~t.•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•::!,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t,•t 
(a) (b) 
8iOIOGV 
Ill ; lb 
I!IDI!Leredla 
Fis,"l..ae 2.3 (aJ Tr.cmsve:rse section of a mature an.U:er; (b) Enl3:r~ "MW of or.e ro1crospor~um 
showing woll!ayors; (c) A dehlsoed 3nlhor 
As each cell of the sporog.nous tissue is capable of giVing nse to a 
microspore tetr.ad. Each one is .a potenti31 pollen or microspore nDllier 
cell (FMC). The process of fOrmation of microsp:res from a pollen rrother 
cell through meiOsis is called. mtcrosporogenests. The mcrospores . .as 
they are forrrej. are arrongect in a cluster of fOur cells-the mlcrospore 
tetxad ~ 2.3 a). As the anll"ers ma1ureanddehJ><!rate. themicrospores 
dissociate from each other anddelelop into pollen gxalns (Figure 2. 3 b). 
lnSire each mcrospor3Jlgiurn seler.al tll.ousands of mcrospores or p:dlen 
gra.ins .are forn'ed. that are released 'Nitll. llie dehiscence of anllier 
(Figure 2. 3 c). 
Pollen gxaln:1he pollengr3lns represent the male garretoph}tes. If}DU 
touch the opened anthers of H(OCsru.sor any other flower you v.ould find 
depoSition of yellOWish powdery pollen grams on your fingers. Sprinkle 
tll.ese gr.ains on .a drop of water taken on .a gl3.ss slide .md.observe under 
~o-ure 2.4 :JcalUl.tng electron nl.icrograph.s of!). few pollen gratn.s 
a microscope. You will really be amazed at the variety of architecture­
sizes. shapes. colours. designs - seen on the pollen grains 
from diff..-ent species (Figure 2.4). 
Poller. grains are generally spherical meast.:ring about 
25-60micrometersin diameter. [t has aprominenttlM)-layered 
wall. The hard outer layer called the exine is made up of 
sporopollenin 1.\.hich is one of the most resistant organic material 
known. [t can Mthstand hi@'> temperatures and strong acids 
and alkali. No enzyme that degrades sporopollenin is so far 
knolNn. Pollen grain exine has prominent apertures called :erm 
(a) 
pores where sporopollenin is absent. Pollen grai:1s are well­
preserved as fossils because oft he presence of sporopollenin. 
The exine exhibits a fascinating array of patterns and designs. 
Why do you. thiN<: the e>cine shotd.d be hord? What is the 
j.Jrv:;tion. of genn pore? The inner wall of the poi en grain is 
called theintine. [tis a thin and continuous layer made up of 
cellulose and pectin. The cytoplasm of pollen grain is 
surrounded by a plasma membrane. When the pollen grain is 
mature it containst'N'O cells. the "'egetati"•e cell and generati"•e 
cell (F'lgu:e 2.5b). The vegetative cell is bigger, has abundant 
food reserve and a large irregularly shaped nucleus. The 
:enerative cell is small and floats in the cytoP:asrn of the 
vegetative cell. [tis spindle shaped Mth dense cyt>plasm and 
a nucleue. In over 60 per cent of angiosperms, pollen grains 
are shed at this 2~elled stage. In the remaining epecies, the 
generative cell divides mitotically to ~ve rise to the two male 
gametes before pollen grains are shed (3-celled stage). 
Figure 2.5 (a) Enlarged ~-tew of 
a pollen gram tetrad: (b) stages 
of a m1crospore matunng into a 
pollen gram 
Poller. grains of many species cause severe allergies and bronchial 
afflictior:s in some people often leading to chronic respiratory 
disorders-asthma, bronchitis, etc. [t maybe mentioned thatP01therili.on 
or carrotgass that came into hldia as acontarnina'lt with imported wheat. 
has become ubiquitous in occurrence and causes pollen allergy. 
" . ,,' ••t 
'''tl" ..... ~ r@.U 
. .. 
~It ~ 
~1 
BIOl OGY 
Pollen grains are rtch in nutrtents. It has become a fashion in recent 
years to use pollen tablets as food supplements. In western countries, a 
large number of pollen products in the form of tablets and syrups are 
available in the market . Pollen consumption has been claimed to increase 
the performance of athletes and race horses (Figure 2 .6). 
Pollen Products 30 
Bee PolleD 
from England 
Natural Bee-collected Pollen 
in Tiny Golden Pods 
A natural food from lwney bees 
NET WEIGHT .45 OZ. 
Figure 2.6 Pollen products 
When once they are shed, pollen grains have to land on the stigma 
before they lose viability iftheyhaveto brtng about fertilisation. How long 
do you think the pollen grains retain viability? The pertod for which pollen 
grains remain viable is highly vartable and to some extent depends on the 
prevailing temperature and humidity . In some cereals such as lice and 
wheat, pollen grains lose viability within 30 minutes of their release , and 
in some members of Rosaceae, Leguminoseae and Solanaceae, they 
maintain viability for months. You may have heard of storing semen/ 
sperms of many animals including humans for artificial insemination. It 
is possible to store pollen grains of a large number of species for years in 
liquid nitrogen (-196 °C). Such stored pollen can be used as pollen banks, 
similar to seed banks, in crop breeding programmes. 
2.2.2 The Pistil, Megasporang ium (ovule) and Embryo sac 
The gynoecium represents the female reproductive part of the flower. The 
gynoecium may consist of a single pistil (monocarpellary) or may have 
more than one pistil (multicarpellary). When there are more than one, 
the pistils may be fused together (syncarpous) (Figure 2.7b) or may be 
free (apocarpous) (Figure 2. 7 c). Each pistil has three parts (Figure 2. 7 a), 
the stigma, style and ovary. The stigma serves as a landing platform 
for pollen grains. The style is the elongated slender part beneath the 
stigm a. The basal bulged part of the pistil is the ovary. Inside the ovary 
is the ovarian cavity (locule). The placenta is located inside the ovarian 
cavity. Recall the definition and types of placentation that you studied in 
~f)(IIAI UPROCIIJCIICIN 1!1 r~O\\'UING PIAmS 
Style 
-
' ' ! 
/ :. ,. 
• 
.. ·. 
~~-~ 
i: 
:; 
v ' I ' I 
' 
-Flado 
Ill ;pjJe 
()uUor In! "C"mumt 
--Em? )0 
-
/ ./ C2tal'al pi.e 
--·· ... 
(a) (b) (c) (d) 
f'i&me 2.1 (a) Adlssected flower of Hcb<.scu.s showmg plStll (other Ooral parts ha'" been remol<rl); 
(b) Mul~e!Wy. syr=rpous plSlll of Po.pover; (c) A mu!UcMpell>zy. apoc=pous 
gynoectum of Mcchel.c~:~.; (d) A diagra:mma11c VieW of a lypbal ana1ropous ovule 
CU.ss XI. Arising from the pl3centa ore the megaspor.mgta, oomrronly 
called ovules. The nwnber of ovules in •n OVMJ' may be one (whe•t. 
pactcty. mango) to many (papay•. w•ter rrelon. orchids). 
The Megaspoxang!um (OVUle) : Let us fornilimse ourselves with the 
structure of • typical ongtosperrnovule (Figure 2. 7d). The ovule is • small 
structure •ttached to the pl•centa by means of • stalk called funicle. 
The body oft he owle fuses with funicle in the regton called hnum. Thus. 
hilum. represents llie junction betTA-een ovule a.nct funicle. Eacho\r\Ue ha.s 
one or t100protective envelopes called lnU!gUments.Integurnents encircle 
the ovule e:<cept •t the tip where • small opening called the micropyle is 
OQ!•nised. Opposite the micropyl3renct. is the chalaxa. representing the 
basal portoftheowle. 
Enclosed. 'Nilliin llie integurrents is a. ma.ss c1. cells ~ llie nucelhl.s. 
Cells of llie nucellus luve a.b1.Uli:W1t resene fixd. nute:ri3ls. Lcca.ted. in llie 
nucellus is the em bxyo sac a female g;amerophyte. An ovule g. nerally has 
~single~ sac Y.:mled from ~rreg«spore ~ redl.tct.ion ctil!sim. 
Megasporogenesis: The process of fonnalion of rreg•spores from the 
megaspore mother cell is called megasporogenesis. Ovules generally 
differentiate • single rregaspore m::ther cell (MMq in the micropym region 
r 
(a) 
Mlcropylar end 
(b) 
BIOLOG Y 
Mleropytar end 
Megaspore 
tetrad 
~.--~-Polar nucld 
---E4--Central ceD. 
~~---ilrEgg 
Micropylar end 
(c) 
Figure 2.8 (a) Parts of the ovule showing a large megasp ore m other cell, a dyad a nd a tetrad of 
megaspores; (b) 1, 2, 4, and 8 -nucleate stages of embryo sac and a m ature embryo sac; 
(c) A diagrammatic representation of t he mat ure embryo sac. 
of the n ucell u s . It is a large cell contai ning dense cytoplasm and a 
prominent nucleus. The MMC undergoe s meiotic division. What is the 
importance of the MMC underg oing meiosis? Meiosi s r esult s in the 
produ ction of four megaspores (Figure 2 .8a). 
Female gametophyte : ln a majority of flowering plants, one of the 
megaspores is flUlctional while the other three degenerate. Only the 
ftutctional megaspore develops into t he female gametophyte (embryo 
sac)_ 'This methode{ embryo sac fcrmation from asiJ¥!le m~aspcre is tenned 
monosporic development. What will be the ploidy of the cells of the nu.cellus, 
MMC, the functional megaspore and female gametophyte ? 
~fXIIAI t:CPROOUCTICIN Ill flOWERING PIMil~ 
Let us study fOrmation of the embryo sac in a little rrore retail. 
(Figure 2.8b). The nucleus of the functional rregaspore diVides mitotically 
to fOrm \"o nuclei which move to the opposite poles. lbnning the 
2-nucleate embf}O sac. Two nure sequential mitotic nuclear di\liSions 
result in the fOrmation of the 4-nucleate and later theS.nucleate stoges 
of llie embryo sac. It is of interest to note that llie se mitotic diVisions are 
strtcUy free nuclear. that is. nuclear dilolsiOns are not fol~D""d irll!l"e:liately 
by cell wall fOrmation. After the 8-nucleate stoge. cell walls are laid down 
leading to the organisation of the typical female gametophyte 
or embryo sac. Observe llie distribution of cells inSide llie embryo sac 
(Figure 2.8b. c). Six of the eight nuclei are surrounded by cell walls and 
org.arused. into cells: llie remaining two nuclei. called. p:dar nuclei are 
Situated below the egg apparatus in the largecential cell. 
There is a characteristic distribution of llie cells witll.in llie embf}O 
sac. Three cells are ~tDUPed \o!)'\her at the micropylar end and consti lute 
the egg appantus. The egg apparatus. in turn. conSists of \"<l synerg!ds 
and one egg cell. The synergids have special cellular thickenings at the 
microp)!ar tip called filifOrm apparatus. which pl.ay an imp:rtant role in 
guiding the pollen tubes into the synergic~. Three cells are at the chalozal 
end and are called the anUpodals. The large central cell. as mentioned 
earlier, has tloi.'O polar nuclei. Thus, a typical angiaspermem.bryo sac, at 
maturity. though S-nucleate is 7..,.,Ded. 
2.2.3 Pollin.>tion 
In the preceding sections JOU hale learnt that the male and remalegarretes 
in flowenng plants are produced in the pollen grain and embryo sac. 
respectively. As both types of garretes are non-rrotile. they have to be 
brought together fOr ferWisation to occur. How is this achieved? 
Poillnatlon is tll.e rrech.mism to achieve tllis objective. Transfer 
of pollen grains (shed from the anther) to the stigma of a pistil is 
termed polllnaUon. Flo""ring plants have evolved an amaZing array 
of adaptations to achieve pollination. They malte use of external 
agents to achieve pollination. Can. gou tl.St the posslbte externat 
~ents? 
Kinds of PolllnaUon : D>pending on the source of p::>llen. pollination 
can be dilolred into three types. 
(i) Aut09atny: In this t}'Pe. pollination is achieled. witll.in llie sarre 
Oower. Transfer of pollen gains from the anther to the stigma of the 
sarre flower (Figure 2.9a). In a nCll'lro.l flower which opens and 
exposes the anthers and the stigma. complete autogonwis rather 
rare. Autogonw in such flol<"rs requires synchrony in pollen release 
and stigma receptiVity and also. the anthers and the stigma should 
r 
(a) 
(b) 
Figure :2.9 (a) Self.polllnated flowers; 
(b) Cross polllnated fiowers; 
(c) Cleistogarrous fto<-vers 
~IOlC(;.l' 
lie close to each other so that self-pollination 
can occur. Some plants such as Vlota 
(common pansy). OxaUs. and Commet<ha 
produce two types of flowers 
chasmogamous Oowers which are similar to 
flowers of other species with exposed anthers 
and stigna. and cleistogamous flowers which 
do not open at all (F1gure2.9c). In such flowers, 
the anthers and stigma lie close to each other. 
When anthers dehisce in the flower buds, 
pollen @"ains come in contact with the stigna 
to effect pollination. Thus. cleistogarn.ous 
flowers are invariably autogamous as there is 
no chance of cross-pollen landing on the 
stigma. Cleistogamous flowers produce 
assured seed-set even in the absence of 
pollinatars. Do you think that cleistogamy is 
advantageous or disadvantageous to the 
plant? Why? 
(ii) Geitonogamy-Transfer of pollen gains from 
the anther to the sngma of another Oower of 
the same plant. Although geitonogamy is 
functionally cross-pollination involving a 
pollinating agent. genetically it is similar to 
autogamy since the pollen gains come from 
the same plant. 
(iii) Xenogamy- Transfer of pollen @"ains from 
anther to the stigna of a different plant (A§..>re 
2.9b). 1hisis the only type of pollination which 
during pollination brings genetically different 
types of pollen gains to the stign a. 
~enb of Pollin.ation ; Pl an.t.s use two abiotic ( win.d 
and water) and one biotic (animals) agents to achieve 
pollination. M~ority of plants use biotic agents for 
pollination. Only a small proportion of plants use 
abiotic agents. Pollen @"ains coming in contact with 
the stigna is a chance factor in both wind and water 
pollination. To compensateforthistmcertainties and 
associated loss of pollen gains. the flowers produce 
enormous arn.otmt of pollen when compared to the 
number of ovules available for pollinal:ian. 
~f)(IIAI t:CPROOIJCTICIN Ill flOWERING PIMil~ 
Pollination by wind. is more conmon 
•m:>ngst •biOtic p:>llinations. Wind p:>llination 
•lso reqw~es that the pollen grruns are light 
.and. non-sticky so that they can be 
tr.msported. in Wind. currents. They often 
possess v,:ell-exp:~sed. st.arrens (so tll.at the 
pollens ore easily dispersed into Wind currents. 
Figure 2. I 0) ond Iorge often-fe•thery stigma 
to e•sily tr•p •ir -borne pollen gr>ins. Wind­
pollinated flol<"rs often have • Single owle in 
e .ach ova ty .and. nurrerous flov:ers packed into 
.m in1lorescence; .a f.amili.are:..:.ample is llie com. 
cob -the tassels :1-'JU see ore nothing but the 
s\i§na ond style which wave in the Wind to 
trap pollen gr•ins. Wind-pollination is quite 
common in grasses. 
Pollination by water is quite rare in 
flowenng plants and is limited to •bout 30 
gener•. rmsUy monocotyledons. As against 
this. you '-'>o.dd. recall tll.at water is .a regular 
!lDde of transport for the male gorretes armng 
the lower plant groups such as algae. 
bryophyte sand pteridophytes. It is believed, 
p•rticul•rly for some bryophytes •nd 
ptericbphytes. that their distnbu\ion is limited 
because of the need for water fbr the transport 
of male gametes .and. fertilisation. Some 
F>&-ure 2.10 A Wlrd-polllnate:l pl.,_ shoWll>g 
compact infloreceroe ~ well­
"' posed .......... 
ex•mples of water pollinated plants •re Vallisne-no.•nd Hgdralo. which 
grow in fresh water .md. several nunne sea-grasses such .as Zostera. Not 
•U•qua\ic plants use water fbr pollination. In • majonty of aquatic plants 
such .as waterhyacintll. .md. water lily. Ul.e Oowers errerge .above llie level 
of water .md. .are pollinated. by insects or Wind. .as in nDst of llie land. 
plants. In Valb:.sner.:a. Ul.e female flcN.-er reach llie surface of water by llie 
long stalk ond the male Oowers or pollen gr•ins •re released on to the 
surface of water. They .are c.amed. p.asSi\ely by '»ater currents (Figure 
2.11•): sorreofthemeventu.Uyre•ch the rem.le1l01<"rs •nd the stigma. 
In another group of water pollinated plants such •s seagr•sses. female 
flowers remain subrrerged in water .and. tll.e pollen grains .are released. 
inSire the water. Pollen grains in many such species .are long. n.bbon like 
.and. lliey .are c.amect p.asSi\ely in Sire llie water: sorre of them reach llie 
sti@l• ond •chieve pol lin• \ion. In rrost of the water-pollinated speCies. 
pollen gr•ins •re protected from wetting by • mucila~nous cmermg. 
Both wind ond water pollinated Oov."rs ore not very colourful ond cb 
not produce nector. WMt woul.d be the reo.sonfor tN.s? 
r 
Figure 2.1 
ll!lllll!hllllhll:lhlllhll!lllll!hlll lhll!lllll!hllllhll:lhlllhll!lllll!hllllhll:lhlllhll!lllll!hlllllhll!lllll!hllllhll:lhlllhll!lllll!hllllhll:lhlllhll!lllll!hlllll hll!lllll!hllllhll:lhlllhll!lllll!hllllhll:lhlllhll!lllll!hllllh ill!lllll!hllllhll:lhlllhll!lllll!hllllhll:lhlllhll!llll l!!lll!!!lll!!!ll!!il!!l! l!!l!!lll!!!lll!! l!!l!!lll!!!lll!!lll!lil!!l! l!!l!!lll!!!lll!!lll!lil!!l! l!!l!!lll!!!lll!!ll!!l!!lll!!!lll!!lll!lil!!l! l!!l!!lll!!!lll!!lll!lil!!l! l!!l!!lll!!!lll!!ll !!l!!lll!!!lll!!lll!lil!!l! l!!l!!lll!!!lll!!lll!lil!!l! l!!l!!lll!!!lll!!lll !l!!lll!!!lll!!lll!lil!!l! l!!l!!lll!!!lll!!lll!lil!!l! l!!l!!llll 
, l!i!!!l!!!!!l!!!!!l!!ml !mli!!!l!!!!!l! !mli!!!l!!!!!l!!!!!l!!ml !mli!!!l!!!!!l!!!!!l!!ml !mli!!!l!!!!!l!! !mli!!!l!!!!!l!!!!!l!!ml !mli!!!l!!!!!l!!!!!l!!ml !mli!!!l!!!!!l!!! mli!!!l!!!!!l!!!!!l!!ml !mli!!!l!!!!!l!!!!!l!!ml !mli!!!l!!!!!l!!!! !lli!!!l!!!!!l!!!!!l!!ml !mli!!!l!!!!!l!!!!!l!!ml !mli!!!~ 
Female 
flower 
(b) 
Male flower 
(a) 
Female 
flower 
BIOLOGY 
M:::~jority offlowtcring pl:::~nts ustc 
a range of animals as pollinating 
agents. Bees, butterflies, flies, 
beetles, wasps, ants, moths, birds 
(sun birds and humming birds) and 
bats are the common pollinating 
agents. (Figure 2.1lb). Among the 
animals, insects, particularly bees 
are the dominant biotic pollinating 
agents. Even larger animals such 
as some primates (lemurs), arboreal 
(tree-dwelling) rodents, or even 
reptiles (gecko lizard and garden 
lizard) have also been reported as 
pollinators in some species. 
Often flowers of animal­
pollinated plants are specifically 
adapted for a particular species of 
animal. 
Majority of insect-pollinated 
flowers are large, colourful, fragrant 
and rich in nectar. When the flowers 
are small, a number of flowers are 
clustered into an inflorescence to 
make them conspicuous. Animals 
are attracted to flowers by colour 
and/or fragrance. The flowers 
pollinated by flies and beetles 
secrete foul odours to attract these 
(a) Pollination by water 1n Vallisneria; 
(b) Insect pollination 
animals. To sustain animal visits, 
the flowers have to provide rewards 
to the animals. Nectar and pollen 
grains are the usual floral rewards. 
For harvesting the reward(s) from 
the flower the animal visitor comes 
in contact with the anthers and the 
stigma. The body of the animal gets 
a coating of pollen grains, which are 
generally sticky in animal pollinated flowers. When the animal canying 
pollen on its body comes in contact with the stigma, it brings about 
pollination. 
In some species floral rewards are in providing safe places to lay eggs; 
an example is that of the tallest flower of AmorphophalJus (the flower 
itself is about 6 feet in height). A similar relationship exists between a 
species of moth and the plant Yucca where both species- moth and the 
~fXIIAI t:CPROOIJCTICIN Ill flOWERING PIMil~ 
plont- cmnot complete their life cycles without each other. The rro\h 
reposits its eggs in tll.e locule of tll.e ov.ary .and. the flower. in tum. gets 
JXlllinated by the rro\h. The mvae of the rroth corre out of the eggs as 
the seeds stort revelopin~ 
Wh(j don't gcu observe some jl.owers ofthefoU.Ow;r.g p!arlts (or ong 
ochers aoailaJ:i.e to gou}: Cu.ru.mber, Mango, Peepoi. Cor<ond.er, Popogo. 
Cnoon, Lobin. Cotton, Toboa:o, Rose, Lemon, Euo:tlg)Xus, Banana? Trg to 
find out whi.ch o.nlmo.l.s olslt them and wl"lether theg could be 
poUiro.tors You'l ruwe to potientlg obseroe tl'le flowers ooer a few dogs 
on a at different o:mes of tl'le dog. You could atso erg to see wMher tl'lere 
(S ang corre!ati.on in the cl'lorader<st<cs if a, }.ower to the a,ni.m:ll, tl'lo.t 
c:<sits it. Corifui!IJ obseroe if ang oftl'le o<sitors come in controot w~h the 
ontl'lers on a tl'le st(8ma as on!9 sud\ o<sitor s can l:<ing abrut p<Wnation. 
Mang insects mog consume poll«\ or the nectar without bMg;r.g abrut 
poUi.na.tl«l. Sl.l.d\fioroJ. oi.Sltors are referred to a.s poUenfnedcrr robbers. 
Youmog or mog not be aJ:i.e to id.entifg the poUiro.tors Mgouw;]),swel9 
enJog gour efforts! 
OUt breeding Devices: Majortl;yof Oov.>mngplmts ptt:duce tenmplut:dite 
Oowers and pollen grains ore likely to come in contact With the stigma of 
tte sorreflc7.oer. O:>n\inued self-pollination result in inbreedingdepressien. 
F1o""nng plonts have developed many deVioes to discouroge self­
p:>llina\ion and to encouroge cross-pollination. In sorre species. pollen 
release ond stigma reoeptiVity ore not synchronised. Either the pollen is 
released berore the stigma becomes recepti•e or stigma becorres reoepti•e 
nruch berore the release of pollen. In sorre other speCies. the onther and 
stigma .are placed. .at different positions so tllat llie pollen ~not corre in 
cont.act witll. tll.e stigma of tll.e s.arre flower. Bolli tll.ese reVices prevent 
autogonw. The thi!d deVice to prevent inbreeding is self -incompatibility. 
This is agenetic rrechanismand pre•ents self -pollen (from the sorre Oower 
or other Oowers of the sarre plont) from fertilising the owles by inhibiting 
p::>llen germination or pollen tube growth in the pistil. Another deVice to 
prevent self-pollination is the prcduc\ion ci unisex= I Oowers. If both male 
.and fefl"We flov>ers ..are pre sent on tll.e s.arre pl.a nt such .as c.astor .and maiZe 
(rrmoeCiOUs). it pments autogonwbut notgettoncgonw.In se•eral species 
such as papaya. male and female tlO'A"rs ore present on di11erent plants. 
\he\ is each plmt is either male or female (dioecl-). This condition prevents 
both autogamy and gettonogarey. 
Ponen-plsUllntencUon : Pollination does not guarontee the transfer 
of the right type of pollen (compatible pollen of the sarre species as the 
stigma). Often. pollen of the wrong type.either from other speCies or from 
the sMne plmt (if it is self-incompatible). also lartd on the sti§'na. The 
pistil has the ability to recogn;se the pollen. whether it is of the right type 
(compatible) or of the wrong type (incompatible). If it is of the light type. 
the pistil accepts the pollen and promotes p::>st-pollination events \he\ 
r 
(a) (b) 
(d) 
BIOlOGY 
Antipodal 
Polar nuclei 
Longitudinal section of a flower 
sh.awlng growth of pollen tube 
(c) 
Figur e 2.12 (a) Pollen grain s germin ating on the stigma; (b) Pollen tub es growin g through the 
style; (c) L.S. of pistil showin g p ath of p ollen tube growth; (d) enlar ged view of an 
egg apparatu s showing entry of pollen tube into a s ynergi d; (e) Discharg e of m ale 
gametes into a synergid and the movement s of the sperm s, one into the egg and 
the other into the cen tral cell 
leads to fertilisa tion . If the pollen is of the wrong type, the pistil reject s the 
p ollen by preventin g poll en germination on the stigma or the pollen tube 
growth in the style. The a bility of the pistil to reco gnise the pollen followed 
by its acceptan ce or rej ection is the r esult of a continu ou s dial ogu e 
b etwe en pollen grain and the pistil. This dialo gue is m ediat ed by chemical 
componen ts ofthe pollen inter acting wit h those ofth e pistil. It is only in 
r ecen t year s that botanists have been able to identifY some of the pollen 
and pistil compone nts a nd the interactions leadin g to the r ecogni tion, 
follow ed by acceptan ce or rej ection. 
As mentione d earli er, following compa tibl e pollin ation, the pollen grain 
germinates on the stigma to prod uce a poll en tube throu gh one of the 
germ pores (Figure 2 .12a) . The content s of the pollen grain move into the 
UX1fAI IUtO OUCIKlK IN flO\\'Uit:G PtAKn 
p:>lle.n lube. l'tlllen tube g,:r:tws through the tissues a tho stigma and 
sl)4e and reaches the ovary (Flgure 2.12b. c). You woulcl recall that in 
!01'1'16 pWits. pollen grains~ shedattliO-<elle:IIXl!'lclition (a \egetati•-e 
cell and a generate cell). In such plonts. the g>nerali"' cell CUVides and 
fi:xmsthe two male ga<retes durtngthegrawth of ~n lube in the stigma. 
In plant s which she:! p:>llen in the three-celled condition. pailen tubes 
carry the two male gorretes from the begtnning. F\Jilen lube. aller reaching 
the ovory. enters the ovule through the micropyle 3nd then enters one of 
the synerglds through the fllirorm•ppor•lus [Figure 2.12d. e). Many recent 
slUCUes have shown th•l1lliform apporatu s presen tal the mlcrop~or part 
of the synergds g.tides the entry of p:>llen tube . AU these e"'nls-from 
p:>llen aeposllion on the stigma until pollen tube s enter the o wle~ 
together referre:l to as pailen-pisliltnter•CUon . As pOinted out eorlier. 
p:>llen-pd.stillnteraclion is a dynami c proce ss tnvolru>.gpailen recognition 
til lowed byprarolion or inhibition of the pollen. The knowledge gained 
In thls area WOOJ!d help the plant breeder In m.lnipulaUng pcllen-piStil 
Interaction."""' in inC<llq>3-lible p<ilin•lioos.l oljel ell sired hytx1cls. 
'ltJu can ea.oy study pdlen ~lion by custt>g sen-e pollen from 
Oowerssuchas peo. chickpea.CT~bal=nancl \llnoclona,.._.. slcle 
con~ a drq> of sugar solutim (about I 0 per cent). Aller about I ~0 
mtnu'e s. observe the slice under the lowpowerlen sdthe microscope. You 
are lil<z!lyto see pollen tubes CO!llingoutofthe pollen 6alns. 
As ,lOu shallleorn in the chapter on plant breecung (Chapter 9). a 
breecl!r Is Intereste d in crossing clilferenl speCies and otten gene ra to 
combine c:bSirable chMacters to prcduce C01111113rCi3.lly 'supertc:rv3.rteties. 
A:rtlllclal hybrldlsatlon is one of the m•joc •pproaches of crop 
improvement progrornme. In such crosstngexp ertmenl slllsl mpoctonl 
to ma1<.e sure lhal only the deSired p:>llen gr>ins are used for pol lim lion 
and the stigma is protededfromcontomin3lion (from unwanted p:>llen). 
This iS achieved byemosculaUon and bogging technique s. 
If the female parent bears bisex=l flowers. removal a anthers from 
the Bower bud before the anther dehisce s ustng a pair a for<eps is 
necessary . This step iS referred to as emasculatlon . Emasculale<!Ooo>ers 
ha"" lobe CO\ered With a bag a SUitoble Sire. generaDynucle up abutter 
paper. to pre\ent oontamn•liona its sti!Jna With unwanted pollen. This 
process is called bagging . When the stigrn> d bagg«< Oower attains 
recept!Yity. mature pollengratns collected from on thers a the male poren\ 
ore dusted on the sUgmo. •nd the dowers ore rebagged. and the fruits 
allowed to develop. 
If the female poren\ produces unise:-ru31 flowers,there I$ no need for 
emosculaUon. The female flower buds are bagged be!:lre the dowers open. 
When the stigma beoomes recepli\e, pollimUon iS corrted out uSing the 
cbsired pollen and the flower reb>gged. 
81010GY 
Afterentenngone of the synerg;cts, the pollen tube releases the t"o mole 
gometes into the cytoplasm of the synerg;ct. One of the male gorretes 
nDVeS tow3ld.s tile egg cellmd fuses witll. its nucleus til. us completing llie 
syngamy. This results in the fOrmation of a diplOid cell. the zygote. The 
other mole gorretenmes towards the two polar nuclei located in the cen1ral 
cell ond fuses With them to prcduce a tnplcid prlmazy endosperm nucleus 
(PEN) (Figure 2.13a). As this involves the fusiOn of three haploid nuclei it 
is termed trtple fusion. Since t"<> types of fusiOns. syngamy ond tnple 
fusiOn ta1<e place in an embryo sac the phenomenon is termed double 
!ertlllsotDn. an e'ent Wlique to fiD~<,nng plants. The central cell after 
tnple fusiOn beoomes the prlmazy endosperm cell (PEC) ond de\elops 
intotheenoosperm while thezygotede,elopsinto an embxyo. 
Da•ul 
(a) 
Q!l lw-~ 
-(b) 
Fi&.,... 2.13 (a) Fl>rtilised embryo sa> sho"""S zygote ond Prano:ry Endosperm Nucleus (PEN); 
(b) S~ln embryo <W>ilopmont ln a dlcot [shown ln reduced S1Ze os com pored to (a)) 
Following double fertilisatiOn. events of endosperm and embryo 
de\eloprrent. maturation of ovule[ s) into seed[s) ond ovary into fruit. are 
collectively termed post-!ertlllsoUon events. 
2.4.1 Endnspexm 
Endosperm development precedes embryo developrrent. Wl\(j?The 
prirl'lary endosperm cell diVides repeatedly and forms a triploid 
Sf)ftflt.l tUtOCIUCIKlK IH HOWfRit:G Pt..lNlS 
endos-perm Ussue . The cells of this tissue are filled witb 
reser"'! food maleTials and are used for the nutrition of 
tile de"l!bping embcyo. In the trost conmon t.ype of 
endos-permdevelop ment.llie PEN unde-rgoes successive 
nuele.ar divisions to give rise to free nuclei. Thi s stage ol 
endosperm de~<> lopment is called free-nu clear endosperm 
Subsequen tly ce ll wall formation oc cur s and the 
endosperm becomes cellular. The number of free nuclei 
formed before cellularis.ation varies greatly . The cocon ut 
water from tender coconut tllat you Me f3.mili 3J"' with. is 
no thtng but free-nuclear endosperm (m3de up of 
thou sands a nuclei) and the surrounding white kemelts 
the cellul ar endos perm. 
En~sperm may either be completely consumed by the 
d>veloptng embcyo (e.g .. pea . .,-ounctnut, beans) before seed 
maturation or It may perSist in the mature oeed (e.g. castor 
and coconut) and be used up ~ seed germinatiOn. Split 
OJ'M .tOIM SHds of oosWI: ~ be<!ns. 9'0Ul\drUt. .lUll. of 
'''""'"" M<i lt><ik. f<K IN? endosperm in ead\ cas«. .Find oc.ct 
I.GN(IItr 11\.t on®sperm (S perS(SUnl in cerod.s- 1.01\.t<lt. Tft;~ 
""" m<U~. 
2.4. 2 l:.'n1b•yo 
Embryo develop sat themicrop}larendofthe embcyo sac where 
the zygote Is situated. Most zygotes diVide only aftl!r certoln 
armunt of endosperm is fonred This is an adaptatiOn \o 
provide assure d nutritiOn to the developing embryo. Though 
the seeds differ §e>.Uy. the eorty stages of emtryo del>elopn-ent 
(embryogeny) are similar in both monocotyl edons and 
dicotyledons. Figure 2.13depicts the st3ges ofembcyogenytn 
a dicotyledonous embcyo. The zygote g;ves riSe to the 
proembryo and subsequen Uy\otheglobular, heart.ollaped 
3nd mature embryo . 
A \!'Plea! dicot)'led:>oous e~ ~ 2.1 ~- consists 
dan embryonal alds and two cotyledons. Th.e portiOn d Ffguzo 2.14 
embryonal a>ds abolooe the 1'""'1 d ootyle<Lns is the eplootyl. 
Which lenn!nates With the plwnule<r stem tip. The eytindncal 
portion below the level of cotyledons is hypo coty l that 
terminate sa tits lower end in the radical or root Up. The lOOt 
tip is CO\erec:l with a root cap. 
Embryo• of monocotyledons [Figure 2.14 b) posse .. only 
one cotyledon . In the grass family the cotyledon 1• called 
scutellum tha t is situate d towards one side Oateral) of the 
embcyonal OX!s. Atits l01o1"rend. the embryonal 3XI$IU$ the 
(a) 
lbl 
81010GY 
radical and. root cap enclosed. in an undifferentiated. sheatll. called. 
coleorrhlza. The portiOn of the embryono.l aXis above the level of 
attachmmt of scutellum is the epicotyl. Epicotyl has a shoot ap8.l! md a 
few leaf pl"inDrdia enclosed in a hollow foliar structure. the coleoptlle. 
Soal<: a Jew seeds in water (S"lj of wheat, mnJz.e, peas. d'li.d<:peas. 
9rolR\d nu.Q ooerni9l"lt. Then spli.t the seeds and obserc>e the oor.:ous 
parts of the eml>'go and. the seed. 
2.4.3Seed 
In angiOsperms. the seed is the fino! pltXIuct of sexual reprcdu ction. 1\i s 
often described as a fertilised. owle. Seeds are forrred. inside fruits. A 
seed typically oonSists of seed ooat(s). ootyledon(s) and an emblj<laXis. 
The cotyledons (Figure 2.15a) of the embryo ore simple structures. 
generally thick and s«ollendue to storog. of b:d reserves (as in le~mes). 
Mature seeds may tenon-albuminous oralbwninous. Non-albuminOus 
seeds have no residual end.osp3rm as it is completely conswned d.1.U"ing 
emblj<ldevelopment (e.g .. pea. grounctnut). Albuminous seeds retain a 
part of endosperm as it is not completely used up during emblj<l 
development (e.g .. wheat, moiZe, barley, castor. sunflol<"rj. OccaSionally. 
in some seeds such as black pepper and. teet. remnants of nucellus .are 
also persistent. ihi s residual. persistent nu cell us is tll.e pertsperm. 
Integuments of ovules harden as tough protective seed coats 
(Figure 2.15a). The micropyle re!ll3ins as a smo.ll pore in the seed ooat. 
This facilitates entry of c:eygen and water into the seed during germination. 
As tll.e seed matures. its w.ater content is reduced and. seeds become 
relati•ely dry (I 0-15 per cent moisture by mass). The general metabolic 
acti~ty of the embryo slows down. The embJ10 may enter a state of 
inactiVity called. donnaney. or if favourable conditions are available 
(adequate rroisture. o;eygen md suitable temperature). they germinate. 
As ovules mature into seeds. tll.e ov.ary develops into a fruit. i.e .. tll.e 
trans1brmation of ovules into seeds and. ov.ary into fruit proceeds 
sinrul taneou sly. The wall of the m<>IJI de•elops into the wall of fruit called 
pertcarp. The fruits may be Oeshy as in guava. orange. mango. etc .. or 
may be dry. as in grounctnu t. and rru stMd. etc. Many f!Ui ts ha\e e\01\ed 
rrechanisms fOr dispersal of seeds. Recall tll.e classification of fruits and. 
tll.eirdispersal mech3nisms that you have studied. in an earlier class.ls 
there an.g rela.t.:Onshi.p be(Ween number qj ooul.es (nan. ooarg and the 
number of seeds p-esent (n afru.iJ.? 
In most plants. by the time the fruit develops from the =>ty. other 
nero! parts ctegmerate and fall df. HOI<"""'· in a few speCies such as apple. 
straw terry. cashew. etc .. tll.etll.alamus also contributes to fruit 1brmation. 
Such fruits ore coiled false fruits (Fi~re 2.15b). Most fruits hOI<"ver 
de•elop only from the o""IJI and ore called true fruits. Although in rmst 
of tll.e species. fruits are tll.e results of fertilisation. tll.ere are a few species 
SEXUAl REPRO DUCTION IN FlOWERING PLANTS 
Cotyledons 
hoot apical 
meristem 
Hypocotyl 
root axis 
Root tip 
Seed coat 
Endosperm 
Cotyledon '~~-:Shoot apical 
meristem 
oleoptile 
(a) 
(b) 
Figure 2 .15 (a) Stru cture of some seeds. (b) False fruits of app le and strawberry 
in which fruits develop with out f ertilisation. Su ch fru its are called 
parthenocarpic fruits . Banana is one such examp le. Parth enocarpy can 
be induced throu gh the application of growth hormon es and such fru its 
are seedless. 
Seeds offer seve ral adva n tages to an giospe rms . Firs tly , s ince 
reproduct ive process es such as pollination and fert ilisation are 
independent of water, seed formation is more dependab le. Also seeds have 
better adaptiv e strat egies for disp ersal to new habitats and help the species 
81010GY 
to colonise in ollier a.rea.s. As lliey have sufficient fixd. reserves. yow'lg 
seedlings ore noun shed tmtil they ore capable of photosyntheSis on their 
own. The lurd seed coat prol>ldes protection to the :young embryo. Ee;ng 
prcducts of seXU3.1 reprcdu ction. they generate new g.ne\i c oombinations 
le acting to ""11 ations. 
Seed is the baSis of our ~culture. D>hJ-<Iration and clormoncy of 
nuture seeds a.re cruci31 for stora.ge of seeds which can be used a.s fi:od 
Uuough out llie yea.r a.nct also to ra.ise crop in llie next sea. son. Ga.n you 
ir'n3.gine a.Eficulture in llie a.bsence of seeds. or in llie presence of seeds 
which germinate straight away soon ofter fOrmation and cannot be stored? 
How long do the seeds remain alive otter they are dispersed? This 
pe!!Od again vanes greatly. In a few speCies the seeds lose Viability within 
a. few nDnths. Seeds of a. la.rge number of speCies li\e for several years. 
Serre seeds can remain ah\e tor hundreds of years. There a.re se\eral 
reoords of \eryold Jet \.!able seeds. The oldest is that of a lupine. Lup:nus 
arct(CU.Sexcavated from Arctic TWldra. The seed germinated and Oowered 
otter on estimated reoordof I 0.000 years of clormoncy. A recent record of 
2000 years old Viable seed is of the date palm. PhoeniX da.ct()!ifero. 
discmered during the archeological excavation at King Herod's palace 
near the Dead Sea. 
After conp!eting o. bri.ef o.ccount of sexual. reproduction of Jl.ru>eMg 
plants -:t would be worth attemptln9 to CO"J'rehend the enormous 
rq>rodw:J.we co.pao:tg ofsomejl.oweMgp!o.nts bg o.sk(ng tnefoU.oW(ng 
quest.:ons: How m::m~ e99s OJe present ln an. embryo sac? How m::mg 
embrgo sacs crre present ifl an. ooule? How m::mg ooules crre present ifl 
an. ooorg?How mOJ'\g ooan:es OJe present ifl atg]XCO.l.jl.ower?How m::mg 
.flowers crre present on a tre(f? And so on. .. 
Cat\ gou tN.nk of some plants "' w!V.d\frwts contain oerg large 
number of seeds. Orctwl JrUi.ts OJe one sud\ oote9org and eachfrUi.t 
contain thousat\ds if t(ng seeds S(mlar (S tMe co.se "'frUits of some 
pOiasiJ:i/; sped.es sud\ as OroJxmd\e 01\d Strt9a. Hcroe gou seen atiflg 
seed. of Fl.rus? How large (S the tree if Flcus d.roe!.oped. from tMo.t t(ng 
seed. How man.g b:Ui.ons qj seeds does ead\ Ftcu.s tree prodJ.Jce? Can. 
gou lmaglne an.g other exOJ"Ilple ln l.l.i\i.d\ such a tiflg strucMe can. 
prodJ.J.r::e sud\ a W9e b:omass ooer the geOJs? 
2. 5 A:i?oMrxJs .>UID PoLIT.l\lBRYo:w 
AI though seeds. in general are the products of fertilisation. a few flD'A"nng 
pla.nts such a.s some speCies of Asteraceae .mct gra.sses. have erohed a. 
special rrechonism. to prcduce seeds Without fertilisation. called apomlxls. 
wnat (Sfrll.it prodw:J.i.m w<thrutferti!Lsalion colled.?Thus. apomiXis is a 
form of aseKual~eproduc\ion \hat mmcs sexual reprcdudion. There are 
se,eral ways of d.e\elopment of a.pomictic seeds. In sorre species. tll.e 
diploid egg cell is IC>rtred Without reduction diVision ond de\elops into 
the embryo without fertilisation. More often. as in m:my C<tiUS and Matl(JO 
varieties :some at \he nucollar cells sunounding \he embcyo sac start 
cli>tcling. protrude into \he embryo s•c •nddevelop into \he embryos. In 
such speCies e:>.ch ovule CCilblns many embryos. Occurrence at rrore 
\han one embryo in • seed IS rolomd •• pob'eJnbryony . Takeout so""' 
seeds of OT<U\9' <U\<I ~u 11\tm. Obur~ 11\t m<mg embtgos of 
d.i!Jerenl SiZes <U\<IsllaF•from tad\$H<1 C<><nlll\t nt.<ml>er of eml:f!Jos 
in e<td\ $H<1 Wllat wou1<1 ~ 11\t g<nfi (C noiJ.Ue 'If apornidie embrgos? 
em 111.t<J be <JCt~U<~ dt>Ns? 
Hybnd vaneu .. a several a our food o.nd vegetable crops are being 
extensi\elycu!Uvated.CulUvaUOna~s has\relrendouslyinereased 
producU>tty. One a the problems of hybrids is that hJibridseeds have 
to be produeed e...-y )'Oar. U the seed s c:dl .. ted from hybrids are sown. 
\be plants in the p~ny will ~gate o.nd do not maintain hybr!d 
chara<(ers. Produ<(len at hybnd seeds is cosUy and hence \he cost at 
hybrld seeds beccrre tcoexponsi"" for the farrrers . U these hybnds are 
made into apcmi clo. \hero 1 s no segregation at characters in \he hybrld 
progeny. Then \he Iamers can kloep on uOing the hybrid seeds to raise 
new crop year after J'O>.r and he tbes not have to buy hybrld seeds eo;ery 
year. Because of tho importance at apom!><is in hybrid seed industry. 
acti'\e research is gOing on in many labor.atories around the world to 
unrers\and \he genetics at apom!>ds and to tran sfer apomictic genes 
into hybrid varieties . 
.... .................................................................................................................................................. . .. 
SUMMARY 
Fbwe:rs Me the SN.t of sexual ~oclYOUon 1n anSLOsperros. hl. ili: Oov;er, 
androecturn eons1St.1n8' of st.a.m.ens represents the m3le reproductive 
org3.nS MV1 gyno eo1urn. consiSting' of p1SUls represen ts ilie female 
reproductive or@r»S. 
A typiC>! m.lher IS blloboc:l. ell~ .m:l telrosp:>r~ts. Polls.n 
gtains develop 1nslde the mtcrospor.&l"l8'la. Four w.all layers. ilie 
epld<!rmiS. endotl-s oturn. m.tddJAI b.J'Irs .m:l the t>peturn SWTOWld 1M 
m.tcr<>sp>r ""Slum. Coils of th<t oporo.....,.... Ussua ly<ng 1n the centre of 
the m1crospor.mgtwn. u.ndtrgo metoSI.s (m1crosporogenests) to form 
tetrads of rruorospor•. In:llVid\i.al m10:rospores mature 1nto plllengta!ns. 
Pollen 1!1 a1nS repr•cnts the ma.le g.a.metophyuc g=rer.ation. ne 
p:>lls.n grans ha"' ~ two-loy- w.U. tho outer ""lne and 1nner 1nt1na. 
1he exilE 1S m<de up of sporopolle~ ud has germ pores. Po!lengta!ns 
; may have twe>celJed (,a vegat..a.tl."e olll ud generative ce11) or three cells 
.............. 'I (a ';Letoli~ '; ~~~ =:.~;,~~~~~·0.~ 
are pres<~nt 1n ~ ooo:y. ·-ovulos -., a ~ ~ un!cle. protscttw 
integ\mentls). -.nd .a.n opt:D.nf 4»1*1. mtcropyle. The central Ussue 1:S 
the nucellus 1n whlc:h the uchespor tum cb{6eN ntla.tes . . A cell of the 
• aro~.....,,,wn. the mO@<Op:>re mothor ceU chvodes me10bcolly and one of 
... 'i the mee>sp:>res """• tho ombryo AO (\he !emale gamet.ophylel . The 
ma.twe embryo sac ss 7·cMie:l a.nd &I"Ueeut.e. AJ. the mx::ropybr en:i 1:S 
' 
j 
f 
··~ 
... ·'. 
.. , 
' .. 
. · .. ·.' 
81010GY 
the egg appo:ralus conslst>ng of two synorgtds on<! on egg c:ell. AJ. the 
~ e:nd Me three Mltipod3ls. ld Ule oe:nt.re 1S a wee central oell 
wtili two polc:r meEt. 
Pollination 1S Ul.e mecl'wlism to tr~e:r pollen gr.Mns from Ul.e 
.cmthe:r to Ul.e sUgrna. Pollinating ~e:nts Me either a'EooUc (mnd .mel 
water) or bbUc (a:rum.als). 
Pollen-p1SUlinte:raction tnvol\e; .rul ew:nts &om U:e l<mdingof pollen 
gr.ms on the stJtrna uniJI the po11on tube enters the ombr}o soc (when 
Ul.e pollen 1S compatible) or pollen inhibition (when Ul.e pollen 1S 
lnc:orn patible). Fbllowtng compatible pollination. pollen gr 01n @!" mln>1es 
on the stJtrna =I the resulting pollon lube grow tluovgh the style. 
e:nte:r Ul.e ovules ~ Bn.ru.ty dischc:r(f!S two mU g;ametes in one of U:e 
symr@ds. ~pemiS exhibit double fertilisol1on be>ouse two fus!on 
e-.oe:nt.s occur in e.zch embryo sac. nc:m.ely syngamy .mel triple fusion 
The prcxl ...,,. of these fus!Ons ..., the diplo1d sy@>lo =I the trtplo1d 
prlrnory erdosporrn nucleus (ln the primary endosperm cell). Zygote 
de..,telops into Ul.e embryo ~ U:e prtma:ry endosperm cell fOrms U:e 
endosperm tissue. Formation of endosperm always precedes 
de'>i!oprnont ol the ombrj<>. 
'nle de-.telopmg embryo passes Uuough different sla@s such ~ 
Ul.e proembryo. g1obul3I ~ hea:rt-sh3ped sla@s be:fore maturation 
Mature dicotyledomus embryo Ms two cotyledons .mel .em embryCJn.31 
~ wtili epieotyl and hypxotyl Embryos of monoootyledons ha"ote a 
S1n@e cotyledon. After fertilisation. owry de>elops,., &Uil =I ovules 
de'Wop lnlo ~ . 
A phenomenon C3lled apomiXiS 1S found in some ~sperms. 
pa:rUcula:rly in gr~s. It results in Ul.e fOrmation of seeds wtiliout 
fe:rtilisation. Apomic"ts ha"ote se-.teral ad-....mtages in horliculture and 
agriculture. 
Some ~ospe:rms produoe more Uwl one embryo in ilie1r see::l. 
1hls phenomenon lS called poly... bryony . 
1. NMne Ule pMts of .em ~sperm Oov.er in which de-.telopme:nt. of male 
on<! fern>le g>metophyto take plac:e. 
2. Differentiate betv.e..::::n ro1crosporo~ .mel megasporoge:nes:1s. Which. 
type of oell diviSion oocurs dunng Ulese e-.e1.ts? NMne Ul.e structures 
fOrmed at the e:nd of U:ese two e-.e1.1s. 
3. Air~ Ul.e fOllow~ te:rros in Ul.e correct developmental sequence: 
Pollen gr.Mn. sporoge:n:~us Ussue. ro1crospore telrad. pollen motller cell 
m~e g;ametes. 
4. With • neat labelled diagr=. de=tbe the por1s ol alyptcal angtosporrn 
ovule. 
5. WhallS rneonl by rnonosportc ~>iloprnonl of fern>le garn..,phyte? 
6. With a neat diagrMn expl3in Ul.e 7-oelled. 8-nucleate nature of Ul.e fe:rnM 
garnetophyto. 
~fXIIAl UPROOOCTIO!i IIi flOWUI!!G PlA!in 
7. What Me chasmogMnous O.owers? Can cross-pollination occur 1n 
cleistog'3ro.ous flowers? Gi'~ re3.SOns fOr your .cmswer. 
8. Mention tvD sUatesJes ""'he:! to prew:nt self-pollination 1n Oovers. 
9. Wh>l.lS self-U>::ornpatibility? Why does self-polllnation not lead to seed 
fOrmation 1n self-tncompatible spec1es? 
10. What 1S bagg1ng teclm1que? How 1S it useful in a pbnt breed1ng 
progr Mn me? 
11. 'What is tnple fus1orl? 'Where and how does it t..3ke place? NMne ilie 
nuclei uwoh«< ln triple fusion. 
12. 'Why do }'OU think U:e zygote 1S dorm;mt fOr sometime 1n a fe:rtilised 
ovUle? 
13. DifferentJ.ate between: 
(a) hypoc:otyl .,-d ep!COly~ 
(b) c:oleopt1le =I c:oleonh!Sa 
(c) u-.tegurn..-.t. =I testo; 
(d) per!S!""T" ond por!CMp. 
14. Why lS apple called a f>lse &uit? Wh1ch po:rt(s) of the Oo""" fOrms the 
&Ui.t? 
15. 'What iS me3:nt by e:m.osculaUon? 'When .mel why does a p13nl breeder 
employ th1s techmque? 
16. If one can induoe partheno~y tlu'ough ilie application of growth 
subs~es. which fruits would }'OU select to induce pMU:enooaJP}' 
;mel why? 
17. E><pla1n the role of tapetum ln the fOrmation pollen-gr.m w.U. 
18. 'What iS apomiXiS .mel \',hat 1S its tmport..cnce? 
r 
CHAPTER 3 
HUMAN REPRODUCTION 
3.1 
3.2 
3.3 
3.4 
3.5 
3.6 
3.7 
The MoU Reprodu.ctive 
System. 
The Pemo.te lteprodu.ctive 
System. 
Gom.etogen.ests 
Menstrua! Cycte 
FerttU:s «tion. «n.d 
z~rantotton. 
Pregnancy ond 
Embryc:n.tcDevelq:>TMf'\t 
Pc:utr..<rtti.on. ondl.actotton. 
As )'JU ore aW3re. humans ore se:<uollyreprcducingonct 
ViVipa.rous. The reprcductive e\ents in humans include 
fonnalionofgorretes [g~nesiS). i.e .• sperms in moles 
.and. ovum in fefl"Wes. t~nsfer ot sperms into llie fefl"We 
genitollract (insemination) and fusiOn of mole and female 
garrete s (fertilisation) leading to fOrmation of zygote. This 
is followed by fOrmation ond deleloprrent of blastocyst 
and its attachment to the uterine woll (implontation). 
embfjO!lic cteveloprrent [gestation) and delivery of the 
baby (parturition). You have leornt that these reprcduclive 
events occur 3fter puberty. There are remMk.able 
differences betlo'.:een llie reprcduCti\e 8\ents in llie n'We 
and in the female. tor""ornple. sperm fOrmation oonlinues 
even in old. rren. but fOrmatiOn of owm ce.ases in worren 
around the age of flftyyeors. Let us exornine the mole ond 
fefl"We reprcductin~ systems in hunwl. 
The molerepltXIuclile system is located in the pellols re~ 
(Figure 3.1a). It includes a pair of testes alongwith 
accessoxy ducts. glands and the eA'ternal genitalia. 
HUMA N REPRODUCTIO N 
The testes are situated outsid e the 
abdominal cavity within a p ouch 
called scrotum. The scrotum h elps 
in maintaining the low temperature 
of the testes (2-2.5 ° C lower than 
the normal in ter nal body 
tem pera tur e) n eces sary for 
spermato genesis. In adults, each 
testi s is oval in shap e, with a length 
of about 4 to 5 em and a width of 
about 2 to 3 em. The testi s is 
covered by a dense covering . Each 
testi s has about 250 compartm ents 
call ed testicular lobules 
(Figure 3.lb). 
Each lobule contains one to 
three highly coiled seminiferous 
tubules in which sperm s are 
produced. Each seminiferous tubule 
is lined on its insid e by two type s 
of cells calle d male germ cells 
(spe rmatogonia) and Sertoli cells 
(Figure 3.2 ). The male germ cell s 
Urinary bladder ----'1----:,....ri'" 
Vas deferens --+-ll'i~·" 
Prostate ---,,.<--J~""""'-
Penis 
Urethra 
Glans penis 
Foreskin 
Scrotum 
Figure 3.l(a) Diagr ammatic sectional view of male pelvis 
showin g reprodu ctive system 
Vas deferens 
undergo meiotic divisions fmally Epididymis 
leading to sperm formation, whil e Vasa efferentia 
Sertoli cells provide nutri tion to the Rete testis 
germ cells . The regions outside the 
seminifer ous tu buies called Testicular lobules 
inter stitial spaces, contain small 
blood vessels and interstitial cells 
or Leydig cells (Figur e 3.2). Leydig 
cell s synthesise and secret e 
test icular hormones called 
androgens . Other immunologically 
competen t cells are also present. 
Figure 3.l(b) Diagrammatic view of male repr oductiv e system 
(part of testis is open to show inner details) 
The male sex accessory du cts inclu de rete testis, vasa efferentia, 
epididymis and vas deferens (Figure 3.1 b). The seminiferous tubul es of 
the testis open into the vasa efferentia through rete testi s. The vasa efferenti a 
leave the testis and open into epidi dymi s located along the posterior surface 
of each testis. The epid idymis leads to vas defer ens that ascends to the 
abdo men and loops over the urinary blad der. It receives a duct from seminal 
vesicle and opens into urethr a as the ejaculatory duct (Figur e 3.1a). These 
ducts stor e and tran sport the sperms from the testis to the outsi de through 
urethra. The urethra originates from the urin ary bladder and extends 
through the penis to its external opening called urethral meatus. 
The ~ni$ i$ \hem~leer.\em~geni~a ll'ie.•re ~.Ia. b).l\i$ macteup 
of speei3l tissue that helps in erection ci \he penis to facilitate insemination. 
Theen!Mgect end of penis called \hegl3ns penis is cmered by a loose fOld 
of skin called !oresllln. 
The male accessory glands (Figure 3.1 a. b) include paired seminal 
vesicles. a prostate and paired bulbouretlu:al gl3nds. Secretions of \hese 
glmds constitute tll.e semir'l3.1 pla.sma which is n.ch in fructose. calcium 
and certain enzymes. The secretions of bultourethral gl3nds also helps 
in llie lubrication of the penis. 
The female repro:lucti\e system conSists of a pairof ovadesalongwith a pair 
of oviducts. uterus. cervllc. vagina and \he externalgenllallo located in 
pel>1c region (Figure 3.3a). These ports of \he system alongWilh a pair of \he 
mamnw:y glands are integrated structurally and functionally to supp:rt 
\he processes of owlalion. fertilisation. pre~ncy. birth and child care. 
ovmes are \he pl"irnaryfemale sex organs that prcduce \he female 
garrete (ovwn) and several steroid hormones (o""rian horrrones). 
The ova.ries are located. one on each side of the lower .abdomen 
(Figure ~.~b). Eachov~ryi$ about 2 to 4 cminlenglh and i$ connected to 
\he pel~c wall and uterus byligarrents. Each ovary is covered by a thin 
epitllehum which encloses tile ovM'i3n stroma. The stroma is diVided into 
two zones- .a peripher.al corte:..: .and .an iruler rredulla. 
HUMAN REPRODUCTION 
Figure 3.3 (a) Diagrammatic sectional view of female pelvis shuwing 
reproductive system 
The o\1ducts (fallopian tubes), uterus and vagina constitute the female 
accessory ducts. Each fallopian tube is about 10-12 em long and extends 
from the periphery of each ovary to the uterus (Figure 3.3b), the part closer 
to the ovary is the funnel-shaped infundibulum. The edges of the 
infundibulum possess finger -like projections called fimbriae, which help in 
collection of the ovum after ovulation . The infundibulum leads to a wider 
Uterine fundus 
Figure 3.3 (b) Diagrammatic sectiona l view of the female repro ductive system 
,-
i • 
IIIOIOGV 
port ci the c:Mduct collect ampulla. ne 13st port of the ~ct.lsthm us ru.s 
.a narrow lurren .and it jOins llie uterus. 
Theuterusis Single mel it is ~so ~ect womb. The slupeoftheuterus 
is like on imerted pear. It is supported by ligoments attached to the f"JI.iC 
wall. The uterus opens into~ through a narrow cernx. The ca~ty of 
the cerviX is collect cervical canal (Figure 3.3b) which alongWith ~ 
forms the birth canal. The wall of the uterus ru.s Uuee 13yers of tissue. The 
external thin rrembronous pertmetrtum. middle thick l3jer of sm::oth 
rru scle. myomet!lum ond inner glondu!M l3jer collect endomet!lum that 
lines the uterine ca~ty. TheencbrretnwnWldergcescyclicol chongesdur'ing 
rrenstrual cycle while the ~tnumexhibits strcng oontraction durtng 
deli\eryof the baby. 
The female external genitalia include rrms pubis, 13bia majcra. 13bia 
mincra. hyrren and clitoris (Figwe 3.3a). Mons pubis is a cushion of tatty 
tissue cmered by skin ond pubic h3ir. The labia majoxa ore Oeshy rolds of 
tissue. which "'<lend cbwn from the rrons pubis and surround the v~ 
opening. The labia mlnoxa ore po;red IDlds of tissue under the labiamapra. 
The opening of the v~ is often oovered portially by a rrembrane called 
hymen. Theclltortsis a tiny finger-like structure which lies at the upper 
junction ci the t100 13bia minOraabme the urethral opening. The hyrren is 
often tern durtng the first OOitus (interoourse). However. it con al-SO be l>"ol<En 
b~ o. sutl.d.enfoJJ. or J<h.. insE<'ti.On <1 o. OU$irol. tanp<>n. o.dJJ>e part<ci)X't(On 
in some sports W<k "-'< sebo.d<: ri.ding. cgding etc In some women the Mgmen 
perso:sts eoEn after coitus. In fad.. tl'le presence" absEnce oflvJmEn <s not 
o. reli.able indioo.tor of o~gn~ " sexual. experience. 
HIIMA!I R fPI!(IOitCTIO!I 
A funclion3.1 !lWlm3I)' gl3nd is chMactenstic of all female mammals. 
The m=ry glmds ore paired structures (breasts) that contain 
l!)meltilirtissue mel v=ble mDWlloffal. Thegl3ndulartissueofeach 
brea.st is diVided into 15-20 mammary lobes conUil'lirlg clusters of cells 
called alveoli (~re 3.4). The cells of alveoli secrete milk. which is stored 
in the caVities ~urrens) ci al\eoli.The al\eoliopen into!ll3Ill!lWl'tubules. 
The tubules of each lobejc:in tofonn amammaiYduct. Se•eral !lWlm3I)' 
ducts jOin to tbrm a. lo\lirer numrrwy a.mpulla which is connected. to 
iactlferousduct tlu"ough which milk is sucked. out. 
The primary sex orga.ns -the testis in llie males .mct the ovM'ies in llie 
females -prcduce garretes. i.e. sperms mel owm. respectively. by the 
process called. g.a.metogenesis. In testis. llie inll"tUture mal.e germ cells 
(spermatogonia) prcduce sperms by spennarogenesls that begins at 
puberty. The spennarogonla (sing. spermatogoniwn) present on the 
insire w.a.ll of seminiferous tubules multiply by mitotic diVision a.nct 
increa.se in numbers. Each spernl3.togonium. is diploid. a.nct conl3.ins 46 
chromosomes. Some of the spermatogonia. ca.lled. primary 
spennarocytes periOdically undergo rreiOsis. A primary spermatocyte 
completes the first meiOtic diVision (reduction. diVisiOn) lea.ding to 
li:mlation of two equal. haplOid cells called 
secondaiyspennarocytes. which ha•e only 
23 chromosomes ea.ch. The second.3.ry 
spernl3.tocytes Wl.rergo tll.e second. rreiOlic 
diVisiOn to produce four equa.l. ha.plOid. 
spennaUds(Figure 3.5). Wha.twoutdbethe 
number of dvomiJsome (n the spermo.tv:ls? 
The spermatid.s a.re tra.nsformect into 
spennatozoa (spenns) by the process called 
spermiogenesis. After spermiogenesis. 
sperm he3ds become embed.d.ect in tll.e 
Serroll cells. ond are finally released from 
tll.e seminiferous tubules by the process 
called spennlaUon. 
Spermatogenesis starts a.t tll.e a.ge of 
puberty due to Significmt increase in the 
secretion of gonadotropin releasing homDne 
Fis,-w:e 3.5 Dia@a.mmattc sectional \Oiew of a 
sE:J'Ciiniferous tubule (enl>r!fedl 
(GnRH). This. if you recall. is a hypothal3mic horrrone. The increased 
le•els of GnRH then acts at the anteriOr pituiwy glmel and stirrulates 
secretion of two gonadotropins -luteinising homDne (Ui) and fOllicle 
stim.Uating homDne (FSH). Ui acts at the Leyd;g cells and stirrulates 
syntll.esis .and. secretion of a.ndrogens. Androgens. in tum. stimulate llie 
process of spermatogenesis. FSH a.cts on llie Sertoh cells a.nct stimulates 
r 
Plasma 
membrane 
floli---Middle piece 
~~~~~------ Mitochondria 
(energy source for swimming) 
Figure 3.6 Structure of a sperm 
t.IOtOGY 
secretion of some factors which help in the 
process of spenniogenesis. 
Let us examine the structure of a spenn. It 
is a microscopic structure composed of a head, 
neck, a middle piece and a tail (Figure 3.6). A 
plasma membrane envelops the whole body of 
spenn. The spenn head contains an elongated 
haploid nucleus, the ante1ior portion of which 
is covered by a cap-like structure, acrosome. 
The acrosome is filled with enzymes that help 
fertilisation of the ovum. The middle piece 
possesses numerous mitochondiia, which 
produce energy for the movement of tail that 
facilitate spenn motilily essential for fe1tilisation. 
The human male ejaculates about 200 to 300 
million sperms dming a coitus of which, for 
normal fertility, at least 60 per cent spenns 
must have nonnal shape and size and for at 
least 40 per cent of them must show vigorous 
motility. 
Spenns released from the seminiferous 
tubules, are transported by the access01y 
ducts. Secretions of epididymis, vas deferens, seminal vesicle and 
prostate are essential for maturation and motility of spenns. The seminal 
plasma along with the sperms constitute the semen. The functions of 
male sex access01y ducts and glands are maintained by the testicular 
honnones (androgens). 
The process of fonnation of a mature female gamete is called oogenesis 
which is markedly different from spennatogenesis. Oogenesis is initiated 
dming the emb1yonic development stage when a couple of million gamete 
mother cells (oogonia) are f01med within each fetal ova~y; no more oogonia 
are fonned and added after birth. These cells sta~·t division and enter into 
prophase- I of the meiotic division and get tempora~ily aiTested at that stage, 
called primary oocytes. Each p1ima1y oocyte then gets smTounded by a 
layer of granulosa cells and then called the primary fo11icle (Figure 3.7). 
A la~·ge number of these follicles degenerate dming the phase from birth to 
puberty. Therefore, at puberty only 60,000-80,000 p1ima1y follicles a~·e 
left in each ova~y. The p1ima1y follicles get smrounded by more layers of 
granulosa cells and a new theca and called secondary fo11icles. 
The seconda~y follicle soon transfonns into a tertiaiy follicle which is 
cha~·acteiised by a fluid filled cavity called antrum. The theca layer is 
organised into an inner theca interna and an outer theca externa. It is 
important to draw yom· attention that it is at this stage that the p1ima1y 
oocyte within the tertiaiy follicle grows in size and completes its first meiotic 
division. It is an unequal division resulting in the formation of a la~·ge 
haploid secondary oocyte and a tiny first pola~· body (Figure 3.8b). The 
HUMAN REPRODUCTION 
Corpus 
luteum 
Tertiary follicle 
~.UW.IUO< antrum 
Graafian 
follicle 
secondary oocyte retatns bulk of the 
nutrient rich cytoplasm of the primary 
oocyte. Can you think of any advantage 
for this? Does the first polar body born 
out of first meiotic division divide further 
or degenerate? At present we are not 
very certain about this. The tertiary 
follicle further changes into the mature 
follicle or Graafian follicle (Figure 3. 7). 
The secondary oocyte forms a new 
membrane called zona pellucida 
surroundtng it. The Graafian follicle now 
ruptures to release the secondary oocyte 
(ovum) from the ovary by the 
process called ovulation. Can you 
identifi.J major dijferences between 
Figure 3.7 Diagrammatic Section view of ovary 
spermatogenesis and oogenesis? A diagrammatic representation of 
spermatogenesis and oogenesis is given below (Figure 3.8). 
Oogonia 
Spermatogonia 
I Mitosis 
+differentiation 
Primary sperma.tocytes 
CHROMOSOMES 
NUMBER 
PERCELL 
+- 46 ---+ 
l "-. 1=--
Fetalllie hh Primary oocyte 
Birth! ___ --------__ _+-- l :==: !=Uc Childhood prior to 
Secondary spermatocytes Puberty.---------- -- - ovulation) 
!=otic 
Spermatlds 
! Differentiation 
Spermatozoa 
(a) 
t 
Adult 
......_ 23 4 reproductive 
Ufe 
(b) 
Figure 3.8 Schematic representation of (a) Spennatogenesis; (b) Oogenesis 
3. 4 IV[ENSTRUAL CYCLE 
The reproductive cycle in the female primates (e.g. monkeys, apes and 
human betngs) is called menstrual cycle. The first menstruation begins 
at puberty and is called menarche . In human females, menstruation 
is repeated at an average interval of about 28/29 days, and the cycle of 
events starting from one m enstruation till the n ext one is call ed the 
menstrual cycle. One ovum is released (ovulation) durin g the middle 
Secondary oocyte 
! 
Ovum 
\'1 
;) IIIOIOGV 
II ~~IB~~:::::t:f 
I 
J 
Jj 
I 
I 
D<IYoo 
M 
Pr1lt 
t 
.... 
of each rrenstru.al cycle. The major events of tll.e menstru3.1 cycle are 
shown in Figure 3.9. The cycle sU>rts With the rrenstruol ph3se. when 
menstru.al flow occurs and. it lasts for 3-5 days. The rrenstru.al O.ow 
results due to breakdolNil. of encbrretr"i3.1 lining of tll.e uterus and. its 
blcx:d vessels which forms liquid tru.t corres out through VO@na. 
Menstruation ooly occurs ii the released ouvm is not fertilised Lack of 
rrenstruation may be indicative of preghmcy. However. it may olso be 
caused. due to some other 1.Ulderlying causes like stress. poor health etc. 
The menstrual ph3se is followed by the follicular ph3se. During 
this phase. tll.e primary follicles in the ov.ary grow to becorre .a 
fwly m~t11re Clr~~i~n follicle md sirrMI~neously the enct>rrelri~<m 
of uterus regenerates tll.rough proliferation. These ch3.nges in tll.e 
ov.ary and. tll.e uterus are induced. by changes in the levels of 
pituit.ary and. ovarian hormones (Figure 3.9). The secretion of 
HUMAN REPRODUCTION 
gonadot r opins (LH and FSH) increases gradually during the follicular 
phase. and stim ulates folli cular developm ent as well as secretio n of 
estroge n s by the growing follicles. Both LH and FSH attain a peak level 
in the middle of cycle (about 14th day). Rapid sec retion of LH leading to 
its ma'dm.um level during the mid-cycle called LH surge induces ruptur e 
of Graafian follicle and thereb y the release of ovum (ovulation ). The 
ovulation (ovulatory phase) is followed b y the luteal phase during which 
the r emainin g parts of the Gr aafian follicl e tran sform as the corpus 
luteum (Figur e 3.9). The corpu s l u teum secretes large amounts of 
progesterone which is essen tial for m aintenanc e of the endometr ium. 
Such an endometrium is neces sary for implan tation of the fertilised 
ovum and other events of pregna n cy. During pregnanacy all events of 
the m enstrua l cycle stop and ther e is no menstru ation. In the absence 
of fertilisation, the corpus luteum degenerates. This causes disintegra tion 
of the endometri um leading to menstruation , marking a new cycle. In 
human beings. menstrual cycles ceases around 50 years of age; that is 
termed as m e nopau s e . Cyclic menstruation is an indicator of normal 
reproductive phase and extends between menar ch e and menopause. 
3. 5 FERTILISATION AND IMPLA.1'.fTATION 
During copu latio n (coitus) semen is relea sed by the penis into the vagina 
(insemination). The motil e sperms swim rapidl y. pass through the cervix , 
enter into th e uterus and fmall y reach the junction of the isthmus and 
ampulla (ampullary-isthmicjuncti on) ofthefallopian tube (Figure 3 .1lb). 
The ovum r elease d by the ovary is also 
transp orted to the ampullary -isthmic 
j unction where fertilisation t ak es 
place. Fertilisation can only occur if 
the ovum and sperms are tran sported 
simul taneous ly to the ampullar y ­
isthmic junction. This is the reason 
why not all copulati ons lead to 
fertilisation and pregnancy . 
Pcrtv1tdl1ne apace 
' 
The process of fusion of a sperm 
with an ovum is called fertilisation . 
During fertilisation. a sperm comes in 
contact with the zona pelludda layer 
of the ovum (Figure 3 .10) and induces 
changes in the membrane that block 
the entry of additional sperms. Thus , 
it ensures that only one sperm can 
fertilise an ovum. The secretions of the 
acrosome help the sperm enter into the 
cytoplasm of the ovum through the 
zon a pellucida and the p lasma F igur e 3. 10 Ovum surro unded by fe\V sperm s 
51 
rrembrone. This induces the oomplelion of the !rei otic di~ SiOn of the 
secondary oocyte. The second meiOtic diVisiOnis .alsotmeqU3l.mctresults 
in the li:mlalion of a second polar body me! a luploid DIIWn (ootid). Soon 
the h3ploidnucleus of the spenns ond that of the owm fuse together to 
term a diploid zygote. Howmong cnromosomes u.>JI,be there in the Z!190te? 
One ru.s to rerrember that the s"'< of the baby ru.s been deCided at this 
s~ itself. Let us see hoW? As you know the cluorrosorre pattern in the 
hurnm rem.le is XX ard that in the male is XY. lhererore. all the h3ploid 
garretes prcducedbythe female (ova)h3ve thes"'< chrcrrosorreXwhereas 
in themolegarretes (sperms) the sex cluorrosorre cculdbeeitherX orY. 
hence. 50 per cent of sperms cm:ytheX cluorrosorre while the other 50 per 
cent cm:y the Y. After fuSiOn of the mole and femole garretes the zygote 
would carry either XX or XY depending on whether the sperm cart}!ngX 
orY fertilised theowm lteZJol!o\e cartyingXX"oulddevelopintoafemol> 
babyandXY"ouldtonnamale (lou willleornrroreabcut the chrcrrosornal 
patterns in Ch3pter 5). That <s uivJ. so:entgto:r.«g it <s corred to S09 that the 
sex of the lxr.bg (S determined. bg the Jaliwr and. not bg the mother! 
The mitotic di~Sion starts as the zygote !llO\es through the is\hrrD.ts 
of the OViduct called cleavage towards the uterus (Figure 3. II) and fonns 
2. 4. 8. 16 daughter cells called blasromeres. The embryo With 8 to 16 
tD OPWI11 ;sO 
(# 
0 
' 
. 
. 
(U 11) 
(!j 
~ 1 
:' 11'km 
Fi&-ure 3.11 Tr=sport of ovum. fertilisa11on and posso@ of gromng ombrj<> throvgh f.tlop1>n tube 
HIIMA!I R fPR(IOitCTIO!I 
bla.storreres is called. a. nDrula (Figure 3.tte). The morula continues to 
di>tre ond transrorms into blastocyst (Figure 3. I !g) as it rroves further 
into the uterus. The blastorreres in the blastocyst are arranged into an 
outer layer called trophoblast and an inner group of cells attached to 
trophoblast called the Inner cen mass. The trophoblast layer then gets 
attached to the endorretrtumand the inner cell mass gets differentiated 
as the embryo. After attachment. the uterine cells di>iderapidly and cmers 
the blastocyst. As a result. the blastocyst becorres embedded in the 
encbmetnum of the uterus (Figure 3.11h). This is called lmpl>ntaUon 
and it leads to pregnmcy. 
After implontation. finger ·like projections appear on the trophoblast called 
chorlonk> vllll which are surrounded bY the uterine tissue and maternal 
blood The chononic Villi and utenne tissue beoorre interdigitated With 
ea.ch ollier .mct jOintly fbrm a. structural .mct functional Wl.it tetlo'.:een 
releloping emblj<l (fOetus) and mate mal body called J;iacenta ~ 3.12). 
The placenta facilitate the supply of «"J'gen and nutrients to the 
embryo and also rerno""lof carbon diC\'!ide ande:<:cretcry/waste mate!!als 
produced by the embflo. The placenta is connected to the embrj<> through 
on umbilical ccrd which helps in the trmsport of substances to and from 
the embryo. Placenta also acts as an endocrine tissue and produces 
several hormones like human choiionk> gonadotropin (hCG). human 
placental kerogen (hPL). estrogens. progesrogens. etc. In the later 
phase of pregnancy. a hormone called relaxin is also secreted by 
llie ov.ary. Let us rerrember 
that hCG. hPI., and reloxin 
a.re produced. in women 
only during pregnancy. In 
addition. during pregnmcy 
the lelels of other hormones 
like estrogens. progestogens. 
oorl.i sol. prolactin. t hymxine. 
etc .. a.re increa.sect several­
fOlds in the maternal blood. 
Increased production of these 
hormones is essentia.l for 
supp:>rting the fetal growth. 
meta.bolic cha.nges in the 
nDllier mct m3.intenmce of 
pregnmcy. 
I mmed.ia.tely a.fter 
implanta.tion. llie inner cell 
mass (embryo) differentiates Fig,"W:e 3.12 The humm fOetus Within ilie uterus 
r 
IIIOIOGV 
into an outer layer collect ectoo:erm and an inner layer collect en<klderm. A 
mesodenn scon .appeMs between llie ectcderm .and.llie encb:1erm. These 
Uueelayers ~verisetoall tissues (or~ns) in mults.lt needs tote rrentnnect 
here tllat llie iruler cell mass cont.ains cert..ain cells ~edstem cells which 
have the potency tog;1e rise to .U the tissues and crgans. 
INhat are the ""!)or features of eml>"gon(C deoe!opment at oanous 
montM if pe9noncg? The human pregnancy lasts 9 months. Do gou. 
!<new mong montM l"''!Jr\01\<g last in do9s. e!ej:i\ant.s. cots? Find out. 
In human beings, oiler one rronth of pregnancy, the embfj'J's heart is 
formed. The first sign of growing foetus may be noticed by ll stenmg to the 
heart sound carefully through the stethoscope. By theendofthe second 
month of pregnancy, the foetus develops limbs and digits. By the end of 
12 ""eks (first trimester), rmst of the major organ systems are forrred, 
for example, the limbs and extern3l genital organs are well.cte1eloped. 
The firSt amerrents of llie fcetus .and .appe.armce of h.airon llie he .act .are 
usu.Uyobseneddunngthe fifth rronth. By the end of 24weeks (second 
trimester), the body is covered With fine hair, eye.llds separate, and 
eyelashes ore formed. By the end of nine rronths of pregnancy, the foetus 
is fullyde1eloped and is reacty for delivery. 
The a1erage duration of human pregnancy is about 9 months 
which is called the gestation pe!!Od. Vip'aus oontraction of the uterus at 
the end of pregnancy causes "'"PulSiOn/dellleryof the -us. This process 
of delivery of the fbe1us (childbirth) is called partur!Uon. Parturition is 
induced by a oomplex neuroendocrine mechanism The sign3ls fbr 
parturition onginate from the fully de1eloped fetus and the placenta which 
induce mild uterine oontractions called foetal eyecuon reflex. This t.nggers 
release of o.~Cin from the rmterml pi1uitary. ~Cin acts on the uterine 
muscle .and c.auses st.rolger utenne cont.r.actial.s. which in twn stimulates 
further secretion of o."J'locin. The stirrulatory reflex betv.,.n the uterine 
contr.action .and. o.~cin secretion continues resulting in ~r .and 
stronger oontractions. This leads to ""PulSiOn of the baby out of the uterus 
through the birth canal- parturition. Soon oiler the infant is cteu1erect. the 
placenta i sal so expelled out of the uterus. W11at dt:! gou tNnl< tl'le dt:idors 
in.Jed to Wluce de!:oerg? 
The !lWl'all3.fJ' gl=ds of the female undergo dif!erentiation during 
pregnancy and starts producing milk towards the end of pregnancy by 
tll.e process called.lactatlon. This helps tll.e motll.er in feeding tll.e new­
born. The milk produceddunngtheinitialfewdaysoflactation is called 
colostrum which cont.ains sever.al mtibcdies .absolutely essenti.al to 
de1elop reSistance for the new.born babies. Breast.feedmg during the 
initi3.1 periOd of infant growth is recomrrended by doctors fbr bringing up 
a healthy baby. 
HIIMA!I R fPR(IOitCTIO!I 
SUMMARY 
Hum.cms are sexually reproducing .cmd \Oivipaxous. The male 
reprcduct.hte system is composed of a pair of testes. ilie I'Mle sex 
accessory ducts ~ ilie a::cessory g1Mds and e::-::tE:rn.31 ge:n~.t3lia. Each 
testls has about 250 comportments colled tesUoul>:r lobules. on<! eaoh 
lobule contmls one to iliree highly c01led sel'Ciinife:rous tubules. Each 
s~u; tubule lS llned lnS1de by spermatog-onia ;mel Sortob c:ells. 
The sperrna1o9=1n1.a undergo meio1:1c diViSions leading to sperm formation 
whlle Sertoli c:ells proVide nutntion to the diV!dlng if'"" oells. The Le)dlg 
cells ouls1de U:e seminiferous tubules. synthes:1se .mel secrete tesUculM 
hormor.es ~ .mdroge:ns. 'T1:e rM1e external ~~ 1S ~d pe:nts. 
'nle femM reproducti'"ote system cons:1sts of a p3U of ownes. a pair 
of oviducts. a uterus. a v~ external ge:n1t.a11.3,. ~ a pair of 
''"'"'"""1' gl>nds. The OV>rtes prcxl""' the fomale- (ovum) =I 
some steroid hormones (ov.m.cm h:lrmones). 0-..axtan 'klll1cles Ul. d1ffe:rent 
sta@s of de".telopment axe embedded Ul. the stroma. 'nle OYid\.Cts. ulE:rus 
~ ~ axe fern~ acoessory ducts. 'T1:e uterus ~ iliree layers 
namely pertmetriuro,. myometrium ~ endometrium. The fern~ 
external ge:rut3lia Ul.cludes mons pubiS. labia major~ bbta rrunor~ 
hymen ~ clitoriS. 'nle mammary gl3nds Me one of ilie fern~ 
second3l' y sexual ohM aclE:riSUcs. 
SpermatogeneSis results in ilie formation of sperms that are 
transported by ilie mM sex acoessory d~.Cts. A nori'Ml humm sperm 
1S composed of a head. neck. a middle p2oe ~ la11. 'The prooess of 
formation of mature female gametes is called oogenesis. The 
reproducti'"ote cycle of fe:m~e primates 1S called menstrual cycle. 
Monst.ru>.l C)cle storts only oftor allolnlng s""-'>.1 rnab.uation (puberty). 
Durtng' ovulauon only one ovum 1S re2.osed per menstrual C}Cle. 'The 
cjclicol c~ ln the owry ;mel the uterus dunng menstrual cjcle 
axe Ul.d~.Ced by ~s Ul. ilie te..tels of pitUi.t.My .ao.n::l 0\I.Q:I'tc:n hormor.es. 
After coitus. sperms axe tr.cmsported to ilie junction of ilie iSthmus .mel 
axnpull.3. where ilie sperm fe:rt1l1ses the ovum 1ead1ng to fOrmation of a 
diploid zygote. 'nle presence of X or Y clu'omosome Ul. ilie sperm 
detem"'ines Ule sex of the e:mb!Jo. 'nle Z¥9=1te undergoes repeated mito1:1c 
diV1S1on to fOrm a blastocyst. which 1S 1m plmted 1n ilie uterus resulting 
ln pregna=y. After nine rnonthe of pregnancy. the fully <Welop;d fOetu; 
1S ready fOr deli way. 'The process of cluldbuth 1S caJled pm.urition v.hich 
1S iniuoed by a complex reuroe:ndocrtne ~ in"oolvtng cortisol 
estrogens ;mel oxytoCin M=rnory g1>nds dlfforenti>ie dunng pregnancy 
on<! secme mill< oftor chlld·b1rth.The new-born baby lS fed mllk by the 
mother O<clation) dunng the !nltial few rnonthe of gtomh. 
!-···l E r:) ,---. ! S ES c)\ . !'\ \..... . ·-
l. Flllln the bl>nl<s: 
(aJ Hurn.cms reprod~.Ce (ase~i"/sexU3lly) 
(b) Hwnans are (oVl parous. \1 Vi porous. moVl '1parous) 
(c) Fe:rt:i.lisa.Uon 1S Ul. hum.cms (exlert'W/Ul.te:rn.31) 
(d) Male on<! female ~eles ..., (diplo1d/haplo1d) 
(e) Zygote lS (d1plo1d/haplo1d) 
r 
IIIOIOGY 
(f) 'nle process of re!INSe of ovum from a mature fOllicle is called 
!g) Owlation lS lrd"'ed by a hormone called ----
(h) The fus1on of ro<>le on<! r.m.Je g>me"'s lS called ___ _ 
(>) Fl>rlilisation takes plaoe ln ___ _ 
~) Zye>"' diVides to fOrm which lS !rnplan"'d ln u.,rus. 
(k) 'nle stncture which provides .,.ascuJ.M col'U'£0Uon between fetus 
on<! uterus lS called ___ _ 
2. Draw a ~elled di3@Mn of rM1e reprcducti'~ system. 
3. Draw a labelled di~Mn of femM reproducti.ve system. 
4. Write two major 6..mcuons each of testis .mel OWl'}'. 
5. Descrtbe ilie structure of a semU"Iiferous tubule. 
6. Whol.lS spormato~ Br1ofly de=!be the process of sperm~. 
7. Name the h:lrmones unol.,.ed Ul. regul311on of spe:rma1o@nes1S. 
8. De:fu-:e sperm10~ and spe:rmt<:d.ion. 
9. Draw a labelled diagrMn of sperm. 
10. What Me U:e major components of sel'Ciinal plasma? 
11. What Me ilie major functions of rM1e accessory ducts .mel ~ 
12. What iS oo~ Gi'~ a brte:f acco\U"ll of ooge:nests. 
13. Draw a labelled diagram of a section ilirough OWJ'}'. 
14. Draw a labelled diagram of a Gr~ f01l1cle? 
15. Name the furc11ons of the f01low1ng: 
(a) O>rpus lu"'""' (b) E»doroetnuro 
(c) l=osoroe (d) Sperm t.o1l 
(e) Flrobri<e 
16. ldenWy True,_ statomenls. O>nect each Wse statement to m>l<e 
it true. 
(a) Ardrogens ore produced by Sortob cells. (True/Folse) 
(b) Spermoto.,a I§A nutntion &oro Sortob ceUs. (True/Folse) 
(c) Le)dig cells ore fourd ln O""'J'. (True /Folse) 
(d) Leydig cells synlhes1se =lrogens. (True~e) 
(e) O<>genes!S tokes p1aoe ln corpus luteum. (True/Folse) 
(f) MensUU>! cjcle ceosos during pregnancy. (True/Folse) 
fsl Preseroe or absence of hyme:n 1S not a reliable U'dic<:dor of \Oirgu"lity 
or sexual expertence. (True/F3lse) 
17. What 1S me:nstru.3l cycle? Which h:lrmor.es regulate menstru..3l cycle? 
18. What 1S fWO.<!t!orl? Wh1d1 h=nones ""'"''ol";d ln 1rd'-"""n of fWO.<!t!orl? 
19. In our soe1ety ilie o;.o.omen Me often bl3roed fOr ~Wlg' b1rth to daughters. 
20. 
21. 
Can. you e:xpl.Mn why UUs 1S not correct? 
How I'Mn}' eggs a:re rele35'?d by a human. OWl'}' Ul. a month? How mmy 
eggs do you tfunk would ha'~ been rele?sei if ilie moilier @.'~ b1rth to 
ide:nUcal tWins? 'Would your .cmswer ~ if ilie tWinS born were 
fraternal? 
How I'Ml'"l}' eggs do you iliink were rele?sei by ilie OWl'}' of a fem?1e dog 
which ga'~ buth lo 6 puppies? 
CHAPTER 4 
REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH 
4.1 Reprod.t..¢ti1Je H~Uh-
Problems «ndSt.ra.tegies 
4.2 Pop"l.>~on Explosion 
orvJ.Btrth Control 
4.3 Medica.l Termi~tion. of 
Pregnm\cy 
4.4 Sexv.a.lb.J Tra.nsmitted 
Dtseases 
4.5 lnforliUOJ 
You hale learnt a.bout human reprcductin~ system. and its 
functions in Cbapter 3. Now.let's dis russ a closely related 
topic- reprcductive health. Whot do we ""derstand. bg 
tN.s term? The term Simply refers to healthy reprcdu ctive 
orga.ns wiUl. normal functions. However. it ha.s a broarer 
perspectile .and. includes llie efl'Dt.ion31 .mct soci3l .aspects 
of reprcductiOn also. Acoording to the World Health 
Orgmisalion (WHO). reproductive health rreans a toW 
""ll-be;ng in all aspects of reproduction. i.e .• physical. 
errotion3l. beha-.ral and soei3.1. Thererore. a soCiety With 
people haVing physically and functiOnally normal 
reproducti'l.e orgms and normal erroticn3l and beha-.ral 
interactions orrong them in .U sex-related aspects might 
be called nsprcductivelyhealthy. Why is it signi1icant to 
maintain repro:tuctile healtll. .and. what .are llie rretllcd.s 
l3ken up to a chien~ it? let us examine tll.em. 
4.1 f~~:P'R()DliCT!\!1\: HF.Alii'H - PRO:Ul.F.MS AND 
S'nt.C\'"l'W3t~S 
India w.as a.nDngst the first coWl. tries in tll.e v,:orld. to 
initiate act iOn pl3. ns .mct progra. mrre s .at .a nat i0n3.llevel 
to atUin total reprcducliw. health as a social goal. 
These progr.ammes ca.lled. •t.amily pl.anning> were 
initiated. in 1951 .and. were pertcd.ically .assessed. over 
the pastdecades.Impro,ed programrres oolering Wirer 
r 
reprcd.uction-related. .are.as .are currently in oper.ation under tll.e 
poplili>r ruure 'Reproducti\e ond Child Heolth C..re (RCH) progronmes'. 
Creating awmmess 3!llOI1g people about variOus repro:luclion related 
.aspects .and. proViding f.acilities .and. support for building up .a 
reproductively he.allliy society .are the major t..asks under these 
progranmes. 
With the help of audio-Visual and the print-media govemrrentol and 
non-p-e:rntrent.al.agencies han~ t..aken vM'iOus steps to cre.ate .aw.areness 
arrong the people about repro:luction-related aspects. Parents, other 
close rel.ati\es. te.achers .and. friends . .also have .a major role in tll.e 
dissemination of the above infOrmation. Introduction of sexeduc.ation 
in schools should also be encouraged to proVide right information to 
the l'Jllng so as to discourage children from belieVing in reyths and 
h.aVing misconceptions .about sex-rel.atect .aspects. Proper infOrmation 
.about reprcductive org.ans . .adolescence and. related. ch.anges. s.ate and. 
hygienic sexuol practices, sexuolly transmitted diseases (SID), AIDS, 
etc., would help people, especially those in the adolescent age group to 
lead a repro:luctively healthy life. Educating people, especially fert;le 
couples and those in mamageable age group, about available birth 
control options. care of pregnant motll.ers. post-n.at.al c.are of tll.e nDtll.er 
and child, importance of breast feeding.equol opportunities tort he mole 
and thefemole child, etc., «ould address theimportanceofbnngmgup 
soCially consciO\<s heolthy fWlilies of desired siZe. Awareness of problems 
due to Wl.controlled. p:~pul.ation growtll.. soci.al eVils like sex-abuse and. 
sex-rel.atect cf'ir'l"es. etc .. need to te cre.atect to en .able people to think 
and l3ke up necessary steps to prevent them and thereby build up a 
socially responsible and heolthy society. 
Successful implernent.ation of v.arious .action plans to .att.ain 
reprcductive heolth requires stronginfrastructuroll'acilities, professional 
expertise ond material support. These are essential to proVide rredicol 
assistance and care to people in repro:luclion-related problems like 
pregnancy, deli•ery, STDs, abortions, contraception, rrenstrual problems, 
infertility, etc. Implementation of better techniques and new strategies 
from. time to time .are .also required. to proVide more efficient c.are and. 
.assist..ance to people. St.atutory ban on amniocentesis (.a fcet.al se:..: 
detenninatiOn test b.asect on tll.e chromJSOI"''l.al p.attem in tll.e .amniOtic 
fluid surrounding the de•elopmgembryo) tor sex-determination to legally 
check incre.aSingtemale fi:eticid.es. masSi\e child immunisation. etc .. .are 
sorre progr.amrres Ulat merit rrention in tll.is connection. 
Rese.arch on v.ariOu. s repro:tuclion-related. .are .as .are encour.agect and. 
supported by govemmentoland non-gmemrrentol agencies to find out 
new methcd.s and/or to improve Up:lll. the eXisting ones. Do gou >J\ow 
that 'Sai'leU'-a. new oral. contrace)Xwe for the Jemal.es-wa.s d.eoe!oped. 
bg sc(Ent(Sts ot Cen!ral. DrugReseorchlnstilute (CDR/) ir\Lu.dmow, lndi.a? 
Better .a w.areness .about sex rel.ated matters. increased nurnter of rredic.ally 
asSisteddeli•eries ond better post-natol care leading to decreased matemol 
UUOOUCIPIE :-!fAITH 
.mct infant mortality rates. increased. nurnter of couples willi small 
f.amilies. better retection and. cure of S1Ds .and.over.all increased. rredic.al 
facilitiesfcr 3ll sex-related prcblems. etc. 3ll indicate imp lOlled 1 ept u:htctile 
health of the SOCiety. 
4. 2 PoPtnd.TION JtXP!.OSION :\ND BtrcTI€ G:oxrnoL 
In the 13st century on 3ll-round developrrent in "'r10u s fields Si81 ificonUy 
improied thequolil;yof life ci the people. HD'-',..,-, increased health facilities 
oJong With better liVing oondition shad an exploSive impact on the gowth 
of populatiOn. The world. populatiOn which '».as .around. 2 billiOn 
(2000 million) in 1900 rocketed to about 6 billiOns by 2000. A similar 
trend was obsened in India too. Our popul3ticn which was approximately 
350 million at the tirre of our independence reached close to the billion 
mark by 2000 and crossed 1 billion in May 2000. That rreons. e1ery 
Sixth person in llie world. is an Indian. A rapid. decline in cte.atll. rate. 
maternal mortality rate (MMR) and Infant mortality rate PMR) as 
lol.'ell.as .an increase in number of people in reproduCible age .are probable 
reasons tor this. Through our RCH progronmes. though 1"' could bnng 
cbwn the popul3tion growth rate. it was only marginal. According to the 
200 I census report. the popul3tion gowth rate was still around I. 7 P'r 
cent. i.e .. 17 /1000/year. a rate at which our popul3tion could cbublein 
33 years. Such an alarming growth rate could lead to on absolute scarcity 
of even the basic reqUiferrents. i.e .. fco:l shelter :md clothing. in spite of 
Sighificant prowess made in tll.ose .are .as. Tilerefore. tll.e gmemrrent was 
fOrced to take up seriOus rreasures to check this popul3tion gowth rate. 
The rmst importont step toovercorre this prcblemis to rrotJvate smaller 
families by using vanous contraceptive methods. You lllight ha1e seen 
odvertiserrents in the rredia as ""ll as posters/bills. etc .• shoWing a happy 
couple 'l>litll. t'-1.'0 children witll. .a slogan Hum Doliam'J.Te Do (we two. our 
t«<>). Many couples. mostly the young. urban. IOOI"kingones hale even 
adopted on 'one child norm'. Statutory raising of marriageable ag> of the 
female to 18years and that of males to 21 years. mel incentives given to 
couples willi small families .are two of llie otll.er measures l3ken to tackle 
this problem Let us rescnbe sorreof the comrronlyused contraceptive 
rrelhods. which help prevent unwantedpregnoneies. 
An ideal contraceptive should be user-friendly. eaSily available, 
effective .and. reversible willi no or least side-effects. It .also should. in no 
way interfere willi llie se:...:u.al drive. deSire .and/or llie sexual .act of llie 
user. A Wide rang> of contraceptive rrelhods are presently available which 
could be broadly grouped into the following categortes. namely 
N.atur.al/Tr.ad.ition.al. Barrier. IUDs. Oral contr..aceptives. lnject.ables. 
lmplonts and Surgical rrelhods. 
NatUial methods IIDrkon the pnneipleof aKlidingchancesofovum 
.mct spermsrreeung. Pemd1cabstlnenceisone such rretll.od.in which 
the couples aiOidor abstain from cOitus frcmday I 0 to 17 of the rrenstrual 
cycle when OI>Ul3tion could be •"Peeled. As chances of fertilisation are 
r 
veryhtgh dunng thts penod.tt 1s called the fertile penod. Therefore. by 
absta1n1l'lg from cottus dunng this penod. conceptton could be prevented. 
Withdr.awal or coitus interruptus 1s another method 1n whtch the male 
partner Withdraws h1spen1s from thevagtnajust before <Jaculat1on so as 
to avotd tnsemtnati.on. Lactational amenorrhea (absence of 
Figure 4 .l(a) OJncbm 1br mole 
Figure 4 .I( b) OJncbm 1br femole 
menstruation) method 1s based on the fact that ovulat1on 
and therefore the cycle do not occur dunng the penod of 
1ntense lactation followtng partur1t1on. Therefore. as long 
as the mother breast-feeds the chtld fully. chances of 
concepttonarealmostn.tl. However. th1smethodhas been 
reported to be effect1ve onlyupto a malC1mum penod of stx 
months followtng partuntton. As no medie1nes or de-,/lces 
are used tn these methods. Side effects are alm.ost rul. 
Chancesoffatlure. though. ofthtsmethodarealsohtgh. 
In barrier methods. ovwn and sperms are pre.;ented 
from physically meettng wtth the help of barners. Such 
methods are avatlable for both males and females. 
Qmdoms!Flgure4.1 a. b) are barnersmade ofth1nrubber/ 
latex sheath that are used to ccwerthepen1stnthemale or 
vagtna and cerviX 1n the female. just before co1tus so that 
the ejaculated semen would not enter tnto the female 
reproduct:i.vetract. nus can prevent conception. Ntrodh•ts 
a popular brand of condom for the male. Use of condoms 
has 1ncreased 1n recent years due to tts addit1onal benEfit of 
protecttng the user from contracttng SIDs and AIDS. Both 
the male and the female condoms are disposable. can be 
self-Inserted and thereby gtves pnvacy to the user. 
Diaphragms. cen<ical caps and "<aults are also barners 
made of rubber that are1nsened 1nto th ef ernalereprodutttve 
tract to cover the cervix dunng cottus. They prevent 
conception by blocktng the entry of sperms through the 
cervtx. They are reusable. Sperm1ctdal creams.jelhes and 
foams are usually used alongwtth these barners to Increase 
thetr contraceptiVe efftctency. 
Another effect1veand popularmethodtstheuse oflntr.a 
Uterine De,ices (IUDs). These de-,tces are 1nserted by 
doctors or ~ert nurses tn the uterus through vagma. 
These h'ltra UtertneDevi.cesare presently avatlableasthe 
F1gure 4.2. COpper T (0U1) non-medicated ruDs (e.g., Lippes loop). copper releastng 
IUDs (CuT. Cu7. Multtload 375) and the hormone releastng IUDs 
(Progestasert. LNG-20) (Flgure4. 2).1UDs 1ncreasephagocytosts of sperms 
wtth1n the uterus and the Cu tons released suppress sperm motihty 
and the fertthstng capactty of sperms. The hormone releastng IUDs. 
1n addit1on. make the uterus unSUitable for 1mplantat1on and the 
cervtxhosttletothe sperms.IUDsaretdeal contracepttvesforthefernales 
REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH 
who want to delay pregn ancy and/or spac e children. It is 
one of most widely acce pted methods of contraception in 
India. 
Oral administration of small doses of eith er progest ogens 
or progestogen-estrogen combin atio ns is another 
contrace ptive meth od used by the fem ales . They are used 
in the form of tabl ets and hence are popu larly call ed the 
pills. Pills have to be taken daily for a period of 21 days 
start ing preferably with in the first five days of menstrual 
cycle . Mter a gap of 7 days (during which menstr uati on 
occu rs) it h as to be repeate d in the same pattern till the Figure 4.3 Implants 
fema le desires to prevent concepti on. They inhibi t ovulati on 
and implan tati on as well as alter the quality of cervical mucus to prevent/ 
retard entry of sperms. Pills are very effective with lesser side effects and 
are well accepted by the femal es. Saheli-the n ew oral contraceptive for 
the females contain s a non-steroidal preparation . It is a 'once a week' pill 
with very few side effects and high contr acepti ve valu e. 
Progestogens alone or in combination ·with estrog en can also be u sed 
by females as injection s or implants under the skin (Figur e 4.3). Their 
mod e of actio n is similar to that of pills and their effective periods are 
much lon ger. Administr ation of progestog ens or progestogen-estrogen 
combina tions or IUDs within 72 hour s of coitu s have been found to be 
very effecti ve as emergency contr aceptives as they could be used to avoi d 
possible pregnancy due to rape or casu al unprotected interco urs e. 
Surgi cal methods, also called sterilisation, are generally advi sed for 
th e male /fem ale partner as a terminal meth od to prevent any mor e 
pregn ancies. Surgi cal intervention blocks gamete transp ort and thereby 
prevent conception. Sterilisati on procedure in the male is called 'vasectomy' 
Figure 4.4a Vasect omy Figure 4.4 (b) Tubectomy 
•nct that in the female. 'tubectomy. In v•sectomy. • small part of the vas 
deferens is renDVed.or lied. up tlu"ough .a small incisiOn on llie scrotum 
(Figure 4.4a) where•s in tul:ectomy. • snu11 pm of the bllopian tube is 
remmed (Figure 4.4b) or tied up tlu"ough • small inCisiOn in the •bcbmen 
or through v•gin>. lbese techniques ore highly effective but their 
relerSi bility is very pcor. 
It needs tote emphaSised that the selection of • SUi table cootraceptive 
rrellicd. md. its use should. .always be unctert.aken in consultation witll. 
qu.ahfied. rredic.al profession.als. One must .also remember that 
contracepti\es are not regul3.r requiremmts fbr the mainteMnce of 
reproductive healtll.. In fact. tll.ey .are practiced. .ag.ainst a natur.al 
reprcductive event. i.e .• cooception/pregn>ncy. One is rorced to use these 
rrethods either to prelent pregnancy or to delay or space pregnancy due 
to personal reasoos. No doubt. the Widespread use of these rrethods have 
• Significant role in che ckinguncootrolled ltOWth of p::>pulation. HD'A"'er. 
their posSible ill-effects like nausea. •bdorninal pam. breakthrough 
bleeding. irre~lar mmstrualbleedingoreven bre•st cancer. though not 
very significant. should not be totally ignored. 
'~.3 JY'.>JIDJCA1, Tlo~lMJN/<1'1~ OP Pll.OONA~CY (MTP) 
lntentiooal or \Oluntary terrnination ci pregnancy berore full tennis called 
medEa! tennlnaUon of pregnancy (M1P) or induced abortion. Nearly 
45 to 50 million MlPs •re perormed in • year •ll o'er the "orld which 
.accOWl.ts to l/5tll.of tll.e tot.a1 number of concei\ed. pregnmcies in .a year. 
Obviously. MTPhas • s:ignificant roleindecre•smg the p::>pulation though 
it is not rreant for that purpose. Whether to •ccept /leg.Use MTPor not is 
beingreb•ted upon in many countries due to errotioru>I. ethical. religious 
.and. soci3.1 issues in\01\ed. in it. Government of India legalised. MTP in 
1971 V>lith sorre strict conditions to .a\Oid. its misuse. Such restrictions 
•re •ll the rmre important to check indiscriminate •nct illegal female 
foeticides which •re reported to be high in Indi•. 
Why MTP? ObViously the .answer is -to get rid. of unw.anted. 
pregt'Wlcies either due to c.asu.al Wl.protected intercourse or failure of the 
contraceptive used ctun.ng cOitus or rapes. M1Ps .are also essenti31 in 
cert.ain c.ases where continuation of llie pregM.ncy could. be harmful or 
even fatal eitll.er tot he nDther or totll.e tbetus or tot h. 
M1Ps ore coosidered relatilely safe during the first trtrrester. i.e .• u pto 
12 ""eksof pregnancy. Secood trtrrester •bortions ore nruch rmre nskier. 
One disturbing trendcbserved is that • m>jorttyof the MTPsore perforrred 
illegally by unqualified quacks which •re not only unsoie but could be 
fatal too. Anotll.er dangerous trend. is the misuse of .amniOcentesis to 
determine the S«< of the unborn child Frequently. if the fOetus is found 
to be female. it is follov."d by MTP- this is totally ag.mst what is leg•l. 
Such practices should. be .a \Oided bee au se lliese are d.3ngerou s botll. fbr 
the young mother and the fOetus. Effective counselling oo the need to 
UUOOUCIPIE :-!fAITH 
aVOid Wl.protected. cOitus and.llie risk factors imolved. in illeg3l abortions 
as v...U as ~ rrore heolth core facilities oould reverse the rrenlioned 
W1heollh:V trend 
4.4 8J:xt.JAU,Y TRA!oS\lm'i1:D ~'= (8TD::;) 
Diseases or infections which are transmitted. tlu"ough se:.rual intercourse 
ore oollectivelJI called se:<u.UJI tronsmtted dise3ses (S'TD) or venereol 
diseases (VD) or reprcducti\e tract infections (RTI). Gonorrhoea. syphilis. 
geruW herpes. chla~sis.gerutal worts. trichomoniaSis. hepatitis-B 
ondct co..rse. u-e rmstdiscussed infection in the recent :years. HIV leoding 
to AIDS are sorre of llie cornrnJn STDs. Arn:lng tll.ese. HIV infection is 
nDSt dangerous and. is discussed in detail in Chapter 8. 
Some of these infections like hepatilis-B and. HIV can also be 
transmitted by shan.ngof injection needles. surgical instruments. etc .. 
With infected persons. transfusion of blo:xl. or from on infected !lDther to 
the foetus too. Exceptforhepatitis-B.gerutal herpes ond H!Vinfections. 
other diseases are oompletely curable ii detected early and treated 
properly. Eorly symptoms of rmstof these are minor and include itching. 
fiuiddischarge. slight pain. sv.,umgs.etc .• in the geruW region. Infected 
fernoles may often be asymptomatic ond hence. may remain undetected 
fOr long. Absence or less significont symptoms in the early stages of 
infection ond the social stigma attached to the S1Ds. deter the infected 
persons frorn!Pingfortirrelydetection ond proper treatment. This could 
lead to comphcations later. which inclure pelVic in1l.ammatorydiseases 
(FID). abortions. still births. ectopic pre~neies. infertility or even cancer 
of llie repro:tucti\e tract. STDs are a major tlu"e.at to a healtll.y society. 
ThereiDre. prevention or early detection and. cure of these diseases are 
given prime consideration under the reproductive healtll.-care 
progrornrres. Thou~ .U persons ore vulnerable to these infections. their 
incidences ore reported to be •eryhigh among persons in the age group 
of 15-24Je•rs -the age group to which you also belong. Don't panic. 
FreventiOn is in your hands. You could. te free of llieseinfections if you 
fOllow the Simple principles given below: 
(i) Avoid sex With unknown partners /multiple partners. 
(ii) Always use condoms during cOitus. 
(iii) In case of doubt. go to a qualified doctor forearlydeteclion and 
get complete treatrrent iidiagnosed With disease. 
4, 5 (NFF.RTIIJTI! 
A discusSiOn on reprcductive healtll. is in complete witll.ou t a rrention of 
infertility. A large nwnber of couples all mer the v.orld including India 
are infertile. i.e .• they are unable to prcdu ce children in spite of unprotected 
sexuol oo-habitation. The reasons fOr this could be mony-phySical. 
congenital. diseases. drugs. immunological or even psychological. 
r 
In India. often the female is bl3mect fOr the couple being childless. but 
rmre often than not. the problem lies in the male portner. Specialised 
health ~re Mils (illfertility clir.ics. etc.) could help in ~oSis and 
correctin~ treatrrent c1. scrre of lliesedisorrersa.nd.eMble lliese couples to 
hale children. Ha»eo.er. where such corrections .are not posSible. Ue couples 
could be assisted to hale children throu~ certom special techniques 
COilli&ally kncNJn as a56lsted reproductlve tecJmolog1es (AR1). 
In uitro fertilisation PVF-fertilisation outside the bcxly in alrrost 
similar oondi lions as that in the bcxly) f01101<"d by em bzyo tiansfer (E1J 
is one of such methcxls. In this methcxl. p::>pularly known as test tube 
babyprogromrre. ooa from the Wife/donor (female) and sperms from the 
husband/dcnor (male) are collected and are induced to fOrm zygote under 
sirrulated oonditiOns in the laboratory. The zygote orearlyembryos (with 
upto 8 blastomeres) could then be transferred into the fallopian tube 
(ZIFI'-<~:)-gote Intra tan>plan transfer) and embJ10s With rrore than 
8 blastorneres. into the uterus (nJT -Intra uterine tiansfer). to oomplete 
its further development. Embryos fOrmed by In-vivo fertWsaUon (fusiOn 
of gametes Within the female) also could be used fOr such transfer to assist 
lliose females who carmot conceile. 
Transfer of .m ovwn collected. from. .a donor into the f3llopi3n tube 
(GIFT- gamete Intra fallopian transfer) of another female who cannot 
prcduce one. but can provide suitable enVirOnment fbr fertilisation md. 
further development is another methcxl attempted. Intra cytoplasmic 
speim Injection PCSI) is another speCialised procedure tofcrmanembJ10 
in llie latoratory in which .a sperm is directly injected into tll.e ovum 
Infertility cases eitller due to in3.bility of the m3le partner toinse:rninate 
the female or due to very low sperm counts in the ejaculates. could be 
corrected byarU!k>lallnsemlnaUon (AI) technique. In this technique. 
the semen oollected either frcm the husband cr a healteydonor is 3IWic;any 
intrcduced eitller into the v.agina or into llie uterus OUI -intra-uterine 
Insemination) of the female. 
Thou~ optiOns are many. all these techniques require extremely 
high precisiOn handling by specialised professiOnals and "'<penSive 
instrurrentation. ihereiDre. these facilities .are presently .av3.il.able only 
in \eryfew centres in llie country. ObViouslytll.eirbenefits is 3ffordable 
to only a limited number of people. Errotional. religiOUs and social 
factors .are .also deterrents in llie .adoption of lliese methcd.s. Since tll.e 
ultimate .aim of 3lllliese procedures is to have children. in India v>e have 
so many orphaned ond destitute children. who v.ould probably not 
surn'e till maturity. W1less ta1<en care of. Our laws permit legal adOption 
.and. it is as yet. one of the best mellicd.s tor couples looking for 
parenthocxl 
r 
,'· 
SUMMARY 
Reproductive healili re:fers to a total well-betng 1n ~ aspects of 
reproduction i.e .• phys~ e:moUon.3l. behavtouul ~ soCial. Our 
na11on was U:e Brst nation Ul. ilie worH to U"ll.tiate ....mous action pl.cms 
at national te-.tel towMds at~ a reprcducti...,ely he.Miliy soe1ety. 
Counselling and creatmg awareness among people about 
reproducU\~ or g:ms. a.dolesoralOe .mel ~cia led cl'wlges. safe .mel 
hygieniC sexual practices. sexually tr.cmsmttted d1seases (S1Ds) 
lncluding AIDS. etc .• lS the pnro>zy stsp towozds reproduotM heolth 
Prow.img mediCal facilities ~ CMe to ilie problems like menstrual 
lrregulortties. pregn>ncy rel>1Ed ospeots. deli"''Y· medico! tormlnat1on 
of pr~. STDs. birth control 1nfe:rl111ty. post natal child .mel 
malernal ~e:ment 1S ~ 1mport..3nl aspect of Ule Reprcd'I.Cti.'~ 
on<! Chlld Heolth C.... progroromes. 
An O'"o~all improwane:nt. 1n reproducti.ve he31Ul. has ~ place 1n 
our country as mdicated by reduoed matE:rn.31 ~ 1nfa:nt mort..3lity 
rates. eMl}' detection and cure of S1Ds. ~tance to Ulfertile couples. 
etc. ImprO"oed Wl.Ul. f.ccilities ~ better liVing oordiUons promoted .em 
exploSive growth of population. Such a growth necessitated intense 
propagation of contra.cepf.he melliods. V.mous conira.cepf.he options 
Me av~ble now such as natuul. traditi~ bMne:r. IUDs. p1Us. 
Ul.jeclables. 1m p13nls ~ surg10al meili:lds. ih:lv.gh contr acepU,e; Me 
not regulM reqwre:ments fOr reprod'I.Cti.'e heru.th. one 1S forced to use 
iliE:m to a'oid pregn.c:ncy or to delay or space pr~. 
Medical termtn<d.ion of pr~y 1S 2g;alisa::l in our country. MlP iS 
g....., oily prarormed to (jiA nd ol unwonted pregn>noy due" rapes. casu>.l 
rel31ionshi.p. etc .• as ~ 1n cases v.hen the continua11on of pregn.c:ncy 
couH be hc:rmful or e-.te:n fatal to ei.U:er ilie moU:er. or ilie fOetus or boUl. 
DiSeases or uUections transmitted Uuough sexu.311ntE:rcourse Me 
called Sexually Tr.cmsmttted DiSeases (SiDs). Pel..-tc lnflMnmatory 
DiSeases ~IDs). sUll birth in£erulity Me some of Ule complications of 
iliem. EMly detec11on fac111tate better cure of iliese dise?ses. Awiding 
se:xu.altntercourse wtili unlmown/multiple p?Iblers. use of cordoms 
durmg cottus Me some of the sun pte precautions to a'01d contra.ctillg 
SiDs. 
Inability to concei..,.e or produce cluldre:n e'~n ...fter 2 ye?Is of 
unprotected sexu.31 co~tt<:d.ion 1S called infe:rUlity. V.mous meiliods 
...xe now a~ to help such couples. In Vet--o fe:rUiis<:d.ion fOllowed by 
tr ~ of •mbryo u..to \Jo"' f,;,!'Mll;, gill>IUI trMl!S or" rueh rMth<.:! :.r.:! 
1S commonly 1mown as Ule "test 'TUbe Baby' Programme. 
.1.: .................................................................................................................................... . 
.... : .... 
.: :. · . 
r 
81010GY 
EXERCISES 
1. What do you iliink :iS U:e ~of reprcducti'e he31th 1n a soe1ety? 
2. sug~st ilie aspects of reproducU'e l':e~Ul. which need to be @'en 
spec1al attention in U:e present. soe:n.mo. 
3. Is sex e:h.calion neoessa:ry tn. scb:lols? Why? 
4. Do }OU iliink Ul.at reprod~.Cti.ve he~Ul. 1n our cOW"llry has unpro-.e::ltn 
ilie past 5::> ye3:rS? If yes. ment.ion some s\.Ch MeaS of unprowane:nt. 
5. What ore the svggo;ste<l reosons for popul>lion oxplos1orl? 
6. Is U:e use of contr.a.cepti'ES jus lifted? Gi'e reasons. 
7. Remo.....t of @>nods car.not be c:ons1dore:l os a c:onlr aceptM option. Why? 
8. Arnn1ooent.es:1s fOr se:x determination 1S ~ 1n our country. Is U"I1S 
~ neoessal'}'? O:lrnme:nt. 
9. sug~ some meth:lds to .osS1st 1nferu1e couples to have cluldren 
10. Wh.id Me Ul.e measwes one has to l4ke to pre-.E:nl &om contra.cl:ing S'IDS? 
11. Sta"' 'Itue/Folse With explanation 
(a) Abortions could happen spontaneowly too. ('Itue/Folse) 
(b) Infertility lS defined os the Inability to produce a Viable offspnng 
~ 1S ~ways due to abnori'MliUes/d!!J:ects 1n ilie fem.rue pMtr.er. 
('Itue /Folse) 
(c) Complete t.actaUon could help ~ a natur~ method of 
contraception. ('Itue/Folse) 
(d) Creattng aw.ao.re:ness about sex related ~peels is .em effecthe 
method to unpro-.e reproducti'e l':e~Ul. of U:e people. ('True/F.alse) 
12. COITecl the fOllowulg statements: 
(aJ Surg1Cal rneiliods of contraception pre"o'e:nf. @mete formation. 
(b) All sexuoilly transmitted d~ Me completely curable. 
(c) Or~ pills a:re '..::!:I'Y popu!M contraceptives MnOl'l8' U:e rur~ women 
(d) hl. E. T. techniques. e:mbiJOS Me ~ways tr.cmsferred into ilie ulE:rus. 
UNIT VII 
GENETICS AND EVOLUTION 
ChapterS 
Prine iples of In he rilan ce 
and Varia lion 
Chaplero 
Molecular Basis of lnherilance 
Chapler7 
Evolulion 
The work of Mendel and olhers who followed him gave us an 
idea of inheritance pallerns. Howeverlhe nature of those 'factors' 
which delermine the phenolype was not very clear. As these 
'factors' re presenllhe gene lie basis of in he rilance, und erslandin g 
the structure of genelic material and the structural basis of 
geno1ype and phenolype conversion became lhe focus of 
allenlion in biology for the next cenlury. The entire body of 
molecular biology was a consequenl development with major 
conlribulions from Watson, Crick, Nirenberg, Khorana, Kornbergs 
(father and son), Benzer, Monod, Brenner, etc. A parallel problem 
being lackled was lhe mechanism of evoluHon. Awareness in the 
areas of molecular gene lies, slructural biology and bio informalics 
have enriched our understanding of the molecular basis of 
evolution. In this unit lhe structure and function of DNA and the 
story and lheory of evolulion have been examined and explained. 
_I 
JAMfS WATSON 
FRAN CIS C RICK 
James Dewey Wa tson w cr; born in Chicago on 6April 1928.1n 1947, he 
rece ived B.Sc. de gree in Zoolo gy. Dvrin g these years his interes t in 
b ird-wa tching had ma lvred in to a serio us desire to learn gene tics. This 
beca me possib le when he rece ived a Fellowship for g radva le slvdy in 
Zoology at Indiana Universily, Bloomington, where he received his Ph.D. 
degree in 1950 on a slvdy of the effec t o f hard X-rays o n bac te riophage 
mvltiplicalion. 
He me l Crick and d iscove red their common interes t in solving the 
DNA slrvclvre. Their first serious effort. was vnsalisfaclory. Theirsecond effort 
based vpon more experimental evidence and be tter apprecia tion of 
the nvcl eic acid lileralvr e, resvlled, early in March 1953, in the proposal 
of the complemen tary dovble-he lical configvration. 
Fra ncis Harry Com p ton Crick was born o nB Jvne 19 16, a t Northa mp ton, 
England. He slvdied physics at UniversilyCollege, London and obtained 
a B.Sc. in 1937. He co mple ted Ph.D. in 1954 on a thesis en titled " X-ray 
Diffraction: Polypeptides and Proteins". 
A critical lnflve nce In Crick's career wcr; his frie ndship with J. D. 
Watson , then a yovng man of 23, leadin g in 1953 to the proposal of 
the dovb le-helical slrvc lvre for DNA and the replica tio n scheme. Cric k 
wcr; made an F.R.S. in 1959. 
The hono vrs to Watson with Crick inclvd e: the John Co llins Warren 
Prize of the Massac hvsells Genera l Hosp ita l, in 1959; the Laske r Awa rd, 
in 1960; the Research Corporation Prize, in 1962 and above all, the 
No bel Prize in 1962. 
CHAPTER 5 
PRINCIPLES OF INHERITANCE 
AND VARIATION 
5.! 
5.2 
5.3 
5.4 
5.5 
5.6 
Mendel's Lcws of 
lnheri.tonoe 
lnl>erttnnce of One Gene 
ln.MitonceofTwo Genes 
Sex .Detemvhotion. 
Mvtnti.on. 
GenetiC Disorders 
Ha\e you ever wondered why an elephant always gi\es 
birth only to a baby elephant and not sorre other animal? 
Or why a mango seed fOrms only a mango plant and not 
any other plant? 
Given that they do. are theoffsprtngiden\ical totlleir 
pa.rents? Or do tll.ey show differences in sorre of their 
ch3.r.acteristics? Han~ you eler TA'OI'l.rerect why Siblings 
sometirres look so similar to each other? Or sorretir'res 
even sodifferent? 
These and several related questions .are dealt V>litll.. 
scientifically. in a b~nch of biOlogy known .as Genetics. 
This subject deals witll. llie inheri.l3nce . .as v>ell .as the 
v.ari.ation of ch.ar.acters from. p.arents to offspring. 
Inhertt.mce is llie process by which chMacters .are p.assed. 
on from parent to progeny. it is the baSis of heredity. 
Vanation is the degree by which progeny differ from their 
parents. 
Humans knew from as early as 8000-1000 B.C. that 
one of the causes of vm.atiOn wa.s hidden in sexual 
reproduction. They exploited the variations that ""re 
natur:lllJI present in the Wild JXlpulatiOns of plants and 
animals to selectively breed and select fbr organisms that 
possessed deSirable characters. For example. through 
.artifici3.1 selection .and. domesticatiOn fi"om. .a nee str.al 
r 
\'1 
;) 
a 
uta 
-iba,po 
----
; "to 
D _ .. 1 .. -- • ?eetaiM 
r:,. 
~ 
-0 
-11 - -/f /!! (/ {/ 
'a) 
IIIOIOGV 
wild. cows. we have well-known Indi.an 
breeds. e.g .. Sahiw.al cows in Punj.ab. We 
must. however. recognise that though our 
.ancestors knew .about the inheritance of 
ch.aracters a.nd. v.ari.ation. they had. very 
little idea .about llie scientific baSis of these 
phenorren.a. 
It W3S durtng the mid-nineteenth century that 
heodW3Y w3s mode in the Wlderstonding of 
inheritance. Gregor Mendel. conducted. 
hybl!dis3tion e:-<penrrents on g.roen pe3s for 
seven ye3rs (1856-1863) md prop::>sed the 
lo.ws of inheritance in llVingcrgonisms. Durtng 
Menctet•s investigations into inheritance 
p3ttems it W3S for the first tirre that sl3tisti C3l 
=lySis 3nd mo.themo.tiC3llogic were 3pplled 
to problems in biOlogy. His expel"irrent shod 3 
large s.amphng size. which gave greater 
credibility to the d3ta that he oollected. Also. 
the confirmatiOn of his inferences from 
e::-::pef'irn::::nts on successive generations of his 
test plo.nts. prmed that his results pOinted to 
generol rules of inheritance r3ther th3n being 
tmsubstanti3ted ide3s. Mmdel investig3ted 
ch3r3cters in the gMden pe3 pl3nt that ""re 
mmifested 3S t«o opposing tr>its. e.g .• tall or 
dworf plo.nts. yellow or green seeds. This 
3llo'-':ed. him to set up .a ba.Sic fr.arreV>Ork of 
rules governing inheritance. which was 
exp3nredon bylo.ter sCientists to 3CCOWltfor 
.all llie di\erse natur.al observations .and. the 
ccrnple><~ty inherent in them 
Fis,-ure 5.1 Se"ote:n ~s of contrasting traits in 
pea plont studied by -
Mendel conducted. such .artificial 
polllMlion/cross polllMtion experiments 
usmgselef31 true-breedingpe3llnes. A true­
breeding line is one th3t. h3>~ng undergone 
continuous self-p:.lhn.ation. shows the stable trait inherit.mce md. 
expression fOr selerol !l'ner3tions. Mendel selected 14 true-breeding pe3 
pl3nt vM'ieties • .as pairs which were Simil3.r e:..:cept for one ch3.racter witll. 
contrasting tr.ai ts. Som.e ot llie contrasting traits selected. v>ere srnootll. or 
wrinkled seeds. yellow or green seeds. smooth or inflo.ted pods. green or 
yellow pods 3nd tall or dworf plmts (Fi~re 5.1. T3ble 5.1). 
'1';3ble 5.1: Contrasting fiait.s Studied by 
Mendel in Pta 
;;wo·. en.. .. ~..-. Conl.t3stin& '1'1-oits } 
;z. seem he'IJht Th!!/dworf 
;2. FtCII.»er odOJr lltdet/wh<te 
'3. FtCJ~.»er posCUon . ....... v..., ... ! 
:4. Pdd sh«pe Iofiq.14<1./ =stncte« 
i5. Podc~r Green lye!!<~.» 
!6. Seedshcrpe Round/wmJded 
~ 1 Seed odour Ye'd(J.))/ #een. 
5. 2 lfll}{F;Rn:~Nel:: Oh' ONE GJ?:Nl-~ 
Let us lake the exa.mple of one such 
hybridisation experiment corned out by 
Menrel where he crossed tall and dwarf pea 
plants to study the inheritance of one gene 
(Figure 5. 2). He collected the seeds prcduced 
a.s a. result of tll.is cross .and. grew lliem to 
g.nerate plants of the firSt hybnct generation. 
This generation is also called the FwaJ, 
progeny or the F,. Menrel observed that all 
the F1 progeny plants were tall. like one of 
its parents: none ""re dwarf (Figure 15. 3). 
He ma.cte sir'nil3.r observations tor llie ollier 
pairs of traits -he round that the F1 always 
resembled either one of the parents. and that 
llie tr.ait of llie ollier parent was not seen in 
trem 
Menrel then self-pollinated the tall F1 
plants and to his surprise found that in the 
Filiol, generation sorre of the offspring ""re 
'd.w.a.rt•: tll.e chMa.cter tllat was not seen in 
llie F
1 
genera.tion was now expressed. The Fis."1..t!e 5.2 Steps Ul.I'Mk1ng a cross Ul. pN. 
proportion of plants that ""re dwarf ""re 
1/4"' of the F2 plants while 3f4'>of theF2 plants were tall. The tall and 
dwarf tr.aits were irentica.l to tll.eir parental type .md did not show a.ny 
blending. that is all the offspring were either tall or dwarf. none ""re of in· 
between height (Fi~re 5.3). 
Simil.ar results lo'.:ere obtained '-'>Iilli llie otll.er lr.aits tllat he studied: 
only one of llie pa.rental lr.aits w.a.s expressed in tll.e F1genera.tion while a.t 
the F2 stage both the traits were expressed in the proportion 3: I. The 
contrasting traits did not show any blending at eitherF 1 or F2 stage. 
r 
... --.. 
IIIOIOGV 
Based. on lliese observations. 
Mendel proposed that something 
was being stably passed down. 
unchanged. from parent to c:ifspnng 
through the gametes. over 
successive generations. He called. 
these things as 'factors'. Nowadays. 
we ca.ll them as genes. Genes. 
therefore. are the units of 
inheritance. They contain the 
informatiOn that is required. to 
express .a pa.rticula.r tra.it. in an 
organism. Genes which code fbr a 
pair of ron trasting traits are known 
as alleles, i.e .• they are slightly 
difrerent forms of the sorre gene. 
Uweuse alphabetical symbols 
fbreach gene. then the capital letter 
is used for llie t!"a.itexpressed. at llie 
F1 stag. and the small alphabet fi:Jr 
llie ollier t.nit. Fbr e:...:.ample. in case 
of the character of hei@lt. Tis used 
fbr the Tall trait and t fbr the 'dworl', 
and Tand tare alleles c:i each other. ~ - Hence. in plants the pair of alleles 
fbr height would be TT. Tt or tt. 
Figw:e 5.3 Dt3@<m~J"na11c represent.a11on 
of monohybrt:l cross 
Mendel also proposed that in a true 
breeding. tall or dwarf pea vanety 
the allelic pair of g.nes fbr height are 
identical or homozygous. TT and tt, respectively. TT and tt are called 
the genotype of the pl=t while the descriptive terms tan and dwarf are 
the phenotype. What then woul.d be the phenotgpe of o. pant that had 
o. genotgpe Tt? 
As Mendel found the phenotypeoftheF 1 heterozy!P(e Ttto be.,<acUy 
like the TTparent in appearance. he proposed that in a pair of disSilllil3r 
factors. one dominates llie other (as in llie F1) .mct hence is called. tll.e 
dominant factor while tll.e ollier factor is recessive . In tll.is case T (fbr 
tallness) is cbrnirwlt mer t (tbrd.w.arfness). tll.at is recesSive. He observed. 
identical beha<~Dur fbr all the other characters/trait-pairs that he studied. 
It is cornenient (and. logical) to use llie capital .md.lmo.-er case of an 
alphabetical sym.bol to remember tll.is concept of dom.irl3.nce md. 
re03sSi~eness. (Do not use Tfor WI and d ror dwarf because :you Will 
find it difficult to rerrember whether T and dare alleles of the same 
gene/characteror not). Alleles can be Similar as in the case ofhom:>zy!P(es 
TTand tt or can be dis Silllil3r as in the case of the heterozygote Tt. Since 
the Tt pl3nt is heterozygous fi:Jr genes ron \rolling 
one chMacter (height). it is a monohybrtd and the 
cross tetween TI and tt is a monollybrtd cro!B. 
Frcm theobsern>.tion that the recessiVeporental 
trait is e:.o::pressed. witll.out any blending in llie F::~ 
generation. lol.'e can infer tllat. when llie tall .and 
dworf pl3nt prcduce gametes. by the process of 
rreioSis. the alleles of\ he parental po;r separate or 
segregate from each other and ooly one ollele is 
transmitted to a gamete. This se~Jegationof alleles 
is .a r.mctorn process md. so tll.ere is .a 50 per cent 
0 
ch3.nce of a garrete cont.ainingeitller allele . .as h3.s F, cu:ec u 
been verified by the results of the crosSings. In this 
way the gorretes of the toll TI'pl3nts hale the ollele 
Tand the garretes of the dwarf tt plants have the 
ollele t. During fertilisation the tv.<> olleles. Tfrom 
one parent say. through the pollen. and t from the 
other parent. then through the egg. are Wli ted to 
prcduce zygotes that hale one Tallele and one t 
ollele. In other v.olds the hybrids have Tt. Since 
tll.ese hybrids contain .alleles which express 
oontrastmg tr>its. the plants ore heterozygous. The 
produc\ion ci gorretes by the porents. the fi:Jrma\ion 
0 
of the zygotes. the F1 and F2 plants can be 
understood from a diagram collect Pwmett Square 
as shown in Figure 5. 4. It was de\elopect by a British 1', ...,....,_\_ 
genetiCist. Reginold C. Punnett. It is a graphical 
representation to calcul3te the probability of all 
possible genotypes of offspring in a genetic cross. 
The possible g.arretes .are written on two sides. 
usually the top row and left oolwms. All possible 
combinations .are represented. in bo:=·..es telow in llie 
sqUMes. which generates .a sqU3.re output form 
The Punne\\ Square shows the parental toll TT Fls'''" 5.4 
(male) and dwarf tt (female) pl3nts. the gametes 
prcduced by them and. the F1 Tt progeny. The F 1 
pl3nts of genotype Tt are self -pollinated. The 
symbols S and d' are used to denote the female 
,.._riJlJ'l'l'i"'" NJiG : td. : tt..rC 
8 : 1 
GOhm<lO!;, ... Ic n.tiD : 1T : Tt : tt 
1 : ~ : 1 
A Pwmett square used to 
urderstord a typbal mor<>hybnd 
cross conducted by Mendel 
bet""""' true-~ toll pl>n1s 
=I true-btee:lmg dworl plonls 
(eggs) and male (pollen). of the F1generation. respectively. The F1 pl3nt of 
the genotype Tt when self -pollinated. prcduces g.orretes of the g.notype 
Tand tin equal proportion. When fertilisation takes place. the pollen 
grains of genotype Thale a 50 per cent chance \o pollinate eggs of the 
g.notype T. as ""ll as of genotype t. Also pollen gro;ns of g.notype t have 
a 50 per cent chance of pollinating eggs of genotype T. as well as of 
r 
IIIOIOGY 
genotype t. As a result of roncbmfertilisation, the resultant zygotes con 
be of the g.notypes IT. Tt or tt. 
From the Punnet sqwre it is eaSily seen that 1/41• of the rmctom 
fertillsations lead to TT. 1/2 lead to Tt md 1/41• to tt. Though the F1 
ha\e a genotype of 'ft. but the phenotypic character seen is 'all'. At F •• 
3/4t'1• of llie pl3.nts .are t.all. where sorre of lliem a.re TI while olliers a.re 
Tt. E:<lemallJfit is not possible to distingUish between the plants with 
the genotypes TTand Tt. Hence. Within the genopytic pair Ttonlyone 
chMa.cter 'T t.all is expressed. Hence llie ch.ara.cter Tor 't.all• is said. to 
dominate over llie ollier 3llele tor 'dw.art• chMa.cter. It is llius due to tll.is 
dominmce of one character over the other that all the F1 are tall (though 
the genotype is T~ and in the F• 3/4.,of the plants are tall (though 
genotypically 1/2 are Ttandonly 1/4., are Tl). This leads to a phenctypic 
ratiO of 3/4"tall: (1/4TT+ 1/2 Tt) and 1/4., tt,i.e .• a 3:1 ratio, but a 
genotypic ratio of 1:2:1. 
The 1/4: 1/2: 1/4ratiOofiT. Tt: It is mathematically condensable 
to the form of the binomial expresSion (ax +by)•. that has the gametes 
bearmggenes Tort in equal frequency of \1,. The expressiOn is expmded 
as given below : 
(1/2T + 1/2 t)•= (1/2T + 1/2t)X (1/2T + 1/2t) = 1/4 TT + 1/ZTt + 1/4tl 
Mendel self-pollinated the F. plants and round that dwarf F. plants 
continued to g.nerate dwarf plants in F8 and F4 generations. He concluded 
that the g.notype of the dwarfs was horrozygous- tt. wnat do gou.tlVnl< 
he woul.d ruwe 90t had. he se!f·poUinoted. o. tall. F, pant? 
From the preceeding paragraphs ilis clear that though the genotypic 
ratiOs can be calculated using mathematical probability. but simply 
looking at the phenotype of a cbminant trait, it is not possible to know 
the genotypic oomposition. That is, for example. whether a tall plant from 
F1 or F2 ha.s TTor Tt composition. cannot be predicted Therefore. to 
determine the genotype of a tall plant at F •• Mendel crossed the tall plant 
fromF 2 willi a.d.w.arfpl3.nt. This he c3lled a. testcross. In a. typical test 
cross anorgmism (pea plants here) showingadominont phenotype (ond 
whose genotype is to be determined) is crossed. Willi llie recesSi\e pa.rent 
instea.d. of self-crossing. The progenies of such a. cross ca.n ea.sily be 
analysed to predict the g.notype of the test orgmism. Figure 5.5 shows 
llie results of typical test cross where ViOlet colour Oower (WJ is cbrninmt 
over white colour flower (w). 
USin(! I'Urln«t square, ti)J to jrv:J. rut the noJure of qJfspir>g if o. test cross. 
W1lat ra.ti.O diJJ, you 9el2 
Usit\9 tl'le 9Enotgpes ojtlV.s cross, 001\ you. 9we o. 9Enera.t d.efoniti.Onfor 
o. test cross? 
PRI!ICIPIH ('If ltiHUITA!iCE ANO VA!t:ATIO!i 
m~ 1/)/ r he 
0 
In" ,., All f1owe:ra are 'ftCl.et 
..... ''"Mil ''n'mo-D. CMNr 1ac) J .. dcmtmud 
Holf of tile lloMwt - vlolot """' ball ct U... do uur.: wlllll> 
U:alorwomdoooorl.olodir...,g • 
Based on his obserw.tions on rronoh:ybrid crosses Mendel prop::>sed 
lloi.'O gener.al rules to consolidate his 1.Ulderst.anding of inheritance in 
rronoh:ybnct crosses. Today these rules are collect the Principles or Laws 
of lnherttance: the First Law or Law of Dominance and the Second 
Law or LawofSegregaUon. 
5.2.l Law of Dominance 
(i) ChMacters ore controlled b:y discrete W'li ts collect factors. 
(ii) Factors occur in pairs. 
(iii) In a dissimilar pair of factors one rremberof the pair dominates 
(dominant) the other (recesSive). 
The law of dorninmce is used to e:...:pl.ain llie e~resSionof only one of 
theparenl3.1 characters in a rronoh)brid cross in the F1 and the "'<presSion 
of both in the F2. It also "''Plains the proportion of 3: I obl3.inect at the F2. 
5.2.2 LawofSe$egation 
This law is based on the tact thet the olleles do not show any blending 
.and tll.at toth llie characters .are recovered. .as such in the F~ generation 
though one of these is not seen at the F1 stage. Though the parents conl3.in 
tv.oolleles ctunnggorretefcrmation. the factors or 3lleles of a pair se~ate 
from each other such that a g3Jllele receives only one of the two factors. 
Of course. a honDz:y!jJus porent produces all garretes thet are Similar 
while a heterozygous one produces two kinds of gametes each haVing 
one allele with equal prop::>rtion. 
r 
P generation 
Gametes 
Fl generation 
~ 
Gametes 
F1 generatlon 
Phenotypic ratio 
Genotypic ratio 
red 
1 
RR 
1 
pink 
2 
Rr 
2 
rr 
1 
white 
1 
BIOLOGY 
5.2.2.1 Incomplete Dominance 
When experhnents on peas were repeated using other 
traits in other plants, it was found that sometimes 
the F 1 had a phenotype that did not resemble either 
of the two parents and was in between the two. The 
inheritance of flower colour in the dog flower 
(snapdragon or Anttrrhinum sp.) is a good example 
to understand incomplete dominance. In a cross 
between true-breeding red-flowered (RR) and true­
breeding white-flowered plants (rr), the F 1 (Rr) was 
pJnk (Figure 5.6). When the F1 was self-pollinated 
the F 2 resulted in the following ratio 1 (RR) Red : 2 
(Rr)Pink: 1 (rr)White . Herethegenotyperatloswere 
exactly as we would expect in any mendelian 
monohybrid cross, but the pheno1ype ratios had 
changed from the 3:1 dominant : recessive ratio . 
What happened was that R was not mmpletely 
dominant over r and this made it possible to 
distinguish Rr as pJnk from RR (red) and rr (white) . 
Explanation of the concept of dominance: 
What exactly is dominance? Why are some alleles 
dominant and some recessive? To tackle these 
questions, we must understand what a gene does. 
Every gene, as you know by now, contains the 
information to express a particular trait . In a 
diploid organism, there are two copies of each 
gene, i.e., as a pair of alleles. Now, these two alleles 
need not always be identi cal, as in a heterozygote. 
One of them may be different due to some changes 
that it has undergone (about which you will read 
further on, and in the next chapter) which modifies 
the information that particular allele contains . 
Figure 5.6 Results of monohyb rid cross in 
the plant Snapd ragon, where 
on e all ele is incompletely 
dominant over the other allele 
Let's take an exampl e of a gen e that contains 
the information for producing an enzyme. Now 
there are two copies of this gene , the two alleli c 
forms. Let us assume (as is more common) that 
the normal allele produces the normal enzyme 
that is needed for the transformation of a 
substrat e S. Theoretically, the modifi ed allele could be responsibl e for 
production of-
(i) the normal/less efficient enzyme, or 
(11) a non-functional enzym e, or 
(111) no enzym e at all 
In the firSt case. themxlified ollele isequioolent to the wun::difiedollele. 
ie .. it Will ptt:duce the sorre ~/trnt. i.e .. result in the trmsronnalicn 
of substrate S. Such eqUiv~t ollele P= m very CC41diL41. But. if the 
ollele pltXIuces anon.function3.1 enzyrre or ro enzy-rre. the phenoll'Pe may 
be etrected The phenotype /trait will ooly be dependent on the functioning 
ci the tmm::dified .U.le. The tmm::dified (functi:lning) ollele. which represents 
the ong;nai pheno\JoPe iS the dominant ollele and the m::di1ied ollele iS 
~ner.illyllie recesSin~ 3llele. Hence. in llie e:..:.ample .atovellie recesSi'e trait 
is seen due to non-fWl.ct.ion31 e11Z}-Yl"e or tecau se no enzyrre is prcduced.. 
5.2.2.2 Co·dom<hanc" 
Till now lol.'e were discusSing crosses where the F1 :resembled.eitllerof llie 
two parents (clbminance) or was in·be\«>!en (incomplete cbminance). But. 
in llie c.ase of co-dominance llie F1 generation resembles botll. parents. A 
gcx:d «<ample is different types of red blcx:d cells the\ determine ABO 
blcx:d grouping in human beings. ABO blcx:d goups are oonlrolled by 
tre gene I. The plasma rrembrone of the red blcx:d cells has sugar pdyrrers 
the\ protrude from its surface and the kind of sugar is controlled by the 
g.ne. The g.ne (I) has three olleles z• .z• and i The alleles z• and z• prcduce 
a slightly different form of the sugar while allele i dcesn~ pltXIuce any 
sug.ar. Because hunw1s are diploid. org.arusms. each person possesses 
anyt«ootthe three l gene olleles.I•andi• are o:rnpletelJ!ctomnantmer 
i. in ollier words when IA md. l .are present only P. expresses (because 
ldces not pro:tuce any sugM). and when P .mct lace present Pexpresses. 
But when Pandl'are present togethertheybothexpress their own types 
of sugMs: this is tecause of co-ciornin3.nce. Hence red. blo:d. cells have 
both A and Btypes of sugars. Since there are three different olleles. there 
are si.K different combinations of lliese tlu"ee 3lleles tllat are possible .a 
total of Six different genotypes of the human ABO blcx:d twes (Table 5.2). 
How mong pwnocgpes are possiblE'? 
'1'3ble 5.2:'1'3bJe ShoW\g the Genetic B3:sis of Blood Groups. 
in H1..0Tl3ll Fbpuhtion 
! ·An~s;···r;~~ 
l P3Xent 1 
~ {A 
! lA 
!JA 
' i ~~ 
j rs 
! l~ 
i ( 
Allele &om 
Pa:rent 2 
z• 
z• 
!• 
p 
···········································•··· 
Geno~pe of 
off:s. ,Pring 
ZAI ... 
JA[~ 
J.A ( 
lAP· 
PI' 
z•' 
(( 
Blood 
types of 
off:ipxing 
A 
i.E 
A 
AB 
B 
B 
0 
r 
IIIOIOGV 
Dol'JU realise that the ""ample of ABOblo:d grouping also provides 
a gcx:d «<ample of mu!Uple alleles? Here l'JU con see that there are 
rmre thMI tl.ID. i.e .. tll1'ee alleles. goveftling the srure ci!Macter. Since in 
on indi~ual oolytwoalleles con be present. rmdtiple alleles con be round 
only when population studies are made. 
OccaSionally. a Single gene pltXIuct maypro:luce rrore than one effect. 
For e::-:.am.ple. starch synllieSis in pea seeds is controlled by one gene. It 
has two alleles (B and b). Starch is synthesised effectively by BB 
horrozygotes and therefOre. large starchgroms are pltXIuced.In contrast. 
bb homozygotes have lesser e1!iciency in starch synthesis and produce 
smaller starch ~ins. After maturation of llie seeds. BB seeds .are ro.md 
and the bb seeds are wrinkled Heterozygotes produce round seeds. ond 
soB seems to be the c\ominant allele. But. the starch gr.ms pltXIuced are 
of interrred.iate siZe in Bb seeds. So if starch gr.ain SiZe is conSidered .as 
the phenotype. then from this ongle. the alleles show incomplete 
d.omin.ance. 
Therefore. cbmin.ance is not .m .autonorrous feature of .a gene or tll.e 
product that it has information for. It depends as rruch on the gene 
product and the production of a particular phenotype from this product 
.as itd.ces on llie particular phenotype tll.at lol.'e choose to examine. in case 
more than one phenotype is influenced by the same gene. 
Mendel also worked with ond crossed pea plants that differed in t"o 
characters . .as is seen in tll.e cross between .a ~.a pl3nt tll.at has seeds lol.litll. 
yellow colour and round shape ond one that had seeds of green colour 
and wrinkled shape (Figure5.7). Mendel found that the seeds resulting 
from the crossing of the parents. had yellow coloured ond round shaped 
seeds. Here ""'gou eeu. wl'lich of the dv:rro.d.ers in the pws geU.Ow/ 
9reen colour and roi.R\dfwrii\Kled shape uxx.s domil\ant? 
Thus. yellow colour was d.omin.ant O\er green .and round shape 
d.omin.ant mer wrtnkled. These results v.-ere id.enti c.al to tll.ose tll.at he got 
when he made separate monohybrtd crosses between yellow and green 
seeded plants and between round and wrinkled seeded plants. 
Let us use the genotypic symbols Y fOr dominont yellow seed colour 
.mdy for recesSi\e green seed colour. R fbr fOlU1d. shaped seeds .and r fbr 
wrinkled seed shape. The genotype of the parents can then be written as 
RRYY .and rryy. The cross tetween tll.e two pl.mts c.m be wn.tten dJ1))J1 
as in Fi~re 5. 7 shOWing the genotypes of the parent plants. The gametes 
RY and zy unite on ferWisa\ion to produce the F1 hybrtd RrYy. When 
Mendel selfhybridised theF1plants he found that 3/4"'ofF,plants had 
yellow seeds and 1/4"' had green. The Jellow and green colour segregated 
in a 3:1 ratio. Round and wrinkled seed shape also segregated in a 3:1 
ratiO: just like in .a monohybrid cross. 
PRINCIPlE ~ ('If INHUITANCf AHO ..,..UIATION 
p--
0 
... _..... 
11' Her!~ 
zr .! 17 
"f 
8 
F ts ........ ; niUad ,.au. : nLmd. ~ : WI M 1 ,..,... : w Isler! lfiiiD 
11 a a 1 
Figwo 5.7 ~of &dlhybnd ClOSS ..t....lho two f"'"EY<sdili!re:l In-pairsof 
oanu~ u .. to;-colow .ro seed shape 
IIIOIOGV 
5. 3.l Law of Independent Assortment 
In the dihybrtd cross (F;gure 5. 7). the phenotypes round, :yellow: 
wrinkled. yellow: round. green •nd wnnkled, green •ppeared in the 
ratio 9:3:3: 1. Such .a r..atio was observed for seler.al pairs of characters 
th•t Mendel studied. 
The r.atioof9:3:3: 1 ~be reriled .as .a Combination SerieS of 3}ellow: 
1 green. Willi 3 roWl.d : 1 wrinkled. This derivation can be V>lfitten 
.as tallows: 
(3 Round : I Wrinkled) (3 Yellow : I Green) = 9 Round. Yellow : 3 
Wrinkled, Yellow: 3 Round, Green : I Wrinkled, Green 
Based upon such observations on dihybrld crosses (crosses betTA-een 
plants dilrertng in two tr;>;ts) Mendel proposed • seoord set ci g.neralisations 
that'"' call Mendel's Law of Independent Assorllrent. The law states that 
'when two pairs of trOits are combined in • hybrid. segreg•tion of one pOir 
of choracters is independent ci the other pair of characters'. 
The Pwl.nett square can be effectively used to uncterstmd tll.e 
independent segreg•tion oft he two p•irs of genes durtng meiOsis and 
the productiOn of eggs and pollen in the F1 RrYy plant. O:msider the 
segreg•tion of one p•i.r of genes Rand r. Fifty per cent of theg•rretes 
h•ve the gene R •nd the other 50 per cent haver. Now besides e•ch 
g.arrete haVing eitll.er Ror r. it should .also have tll.e .allele Yor y. The 
important thing to remember here is that segregation of 50 per cent R 
•nd 50 per cent ris independent from the segreg•tion of 50 per cent Y 
•nd 50 per cent y. Therefore. 50 per cent of the r be•rtng gamete h•s Y 
•nd the other 50 per cent has y. Similarly. 50 per cent of the R beartng 
g.arrete has Y .and tll.e otll.er 50 per cent has y. Thus tll.ere .are tour 
genotypes of g•rretes (fOur types of pollen •nd fOur types of eggs). 
The four types are RY. RY. rY•nd IY e•ch with • frequency of 25 per 
cent or \fi> of the total gametes produced. When you Write down the 
four types of eggs .and pollen on tll.e tTA'O Sides of .a Pwl.nett square it is 
verye•syto derive the compositiOn of the zygotes that give rise to the 
F• plants (Figure 5. 7). Although there are 16 squares how mang 
different tgpes of genotgpes and. phenotgpes are formed.? Note them 
down in the format given. 
Can you. uSing the Punnelt square del• workout the genot:ypi c r•tio 
•t the F• stage •nd fill in the fOrmat gilen? Is the genotypic r•tio 
•lso 9:3:3: I? 
·:•·• .................................................•...•..... , ......................................................................................•. 
'Ihelr expected Phenotypes i . . S.No. Genotypes found·ln F• 
5.3.2 Chron:toson1al Theol'Y of inheritance 
Mendel published his work on inherit.mce of characters in 1865 but 
for several reasons. it remained Wl.recognised till 1900. Firstly. 
PRINCIPIH ('If ltiHUITA!iCE ANO VA!t:ATIO!i 
cornm.Wl.ication was not easy (as it is now) in tll.ose days and. his work 
could. not be widely publicised.. Secondly. his concept of genes (or 
racrors. in Mendel's words) as stable anddiscreteunits that controlled 
tll.e expressiOn of traits and.. of tll.e pair of alleles which did. not 'blenct• 
with each other. was not accepted. by his contemporaries as an 
explanation for the apparently continuous variatiOn seen in nature. 
Thirdly. Mendel's approach of using mathematics to explain biOlogical 
phenomena was totally new and. unacceptable to many of the 
biOlogists of his tirre. Finally. though Mendel's work suggested that 
factors (genes) v>ere discrete units. he could. not prOVide any physical 
proof fbr tll.e eXistence of factors or say what tlley were made of. 
In 1900. three Scientists (de Vnes. OJrrens and von Tschermak) 
independently redisco,erect Menctet•s results on tll.e inherit.mce of 
characters. Also. by tll.is time due to actvancerrents in microscopy tll.at 
'-l.'ere taking place. sCientists were able to carefully observe cell diVisiOn. 
This led. to the disco,ery of structures in tll.e nucleus tll.at appeared. to 
double and. diVide just before each cell diVisiOn. These '-l.'ere called. 
chromosomes (colored bodies. as they "'"re Visualised by staining). By 
1902. tll.e chromosorre nuverrent d.1.U"ing rreiOsis had been worked out. 
Walter Sutton and. Thecdore Boveri noted. that the behaViOur of 
chromosomes was parallel to the behaviOu:r of genes and. used. 
chrorrosorre !lD\errent (Figure 5.8) to explain Mendel's laws (Table 5.3). 
Recall that you have studied the beha-.r of chrorrosorresdurtng mitoSis 
(equational diVision) and. during rreiosis (reductiOn diViSion). The 
import..mt things to rerrember are tll.at chromJsomes as well as genes 
occur in pairs. The two alleles of a gene pair are located on horrd.ogous 
Sites on horrd.ogous chromJsomes. 
G, y 
1 
'tJ 
'aDflpb'M 
Ud · ll 
Fig.-ure 5.8 MeioSis .mel (f!tlm cell fOrmaUonmaoell mili fOur chromosomes. 
Can you see how chromosomes segregate when @rrn cells 
Me fOrmed? 
r 
'l'abJe 5.3: A Compuis.on between the Beha"iour ofCJuomosomes 
and Genes 
A B 
~ ~cur Cn p«C1"s Ocwr en p«Crs 
l Segreg«te «t the tcme qf g«mete Segregxte «t g«meteform:r.tJ.on «nd on&_... i' 
!Jorm«tCOn ~uch th«t onty on~~ e«M. one qf e«ch p«Cr cs tro.nsmctted to « ~ 
~ p«Cr (S tro.nsmctted to « !J«mete g«m'ete . 
~Independent p«Crs sesreg«te One ~«(I' segreg«tes cndq:>endentty ~;. 
j cndq:>endently qf e«ch other «nether p«Cr · 
j C«n you tett l»hcch qfthese coLrms lf. orB rq:>resent the chronosome 
! «nd l»hcch rq:>resents the gene? Hew dcd you dedde? .......................................................................................................................................... 
Durtng Aru>ph3se of rreiOSi s I. the t100 chrorrosorre pOirs con olign at 
the metapru.se plate independently of each other (Figure 5.9). To 
uncterst3nd. tll.is. compare llie chromosorres of four different colour in 
the left and ri!')ll colurms. In the left column (Possibility I) orange and 
green is segregating together. But in the right hand colurm {PosSibility D) 
tll.e orange chromosome is segregating V>litll. tll.e red chronDsorres. 
Possibility I 
One long or~~ sh:lrt geen 
clvomosome ~long yellow~ 
short red chromosome al the 
same pole 
l ) ~ ~ 
I I • I 
PosSibility II 
One long or~e ~ short red 
chromosome~ long yellow and 
short greiitn chromosome al the 
same pole 
M SMile!-
( ) ~ ~ • I I J 
Fig,-ure 5.9 Irdependent ~rtment. of chromosomes 
Sulton and Bo.....n argued that the pairing and separation a a 
pair of chromosomes would 103d to the seg,egatiOn of a pair of 
factors the;> cMned SUtlon uni~ theknowled,geof chronlosomaJ 
segregation with Mendelian prin ciples and called it the 
chromosomal theory of tnherttance . 
(a) (b) 
Figure 5.10 Drosq:>hd« 
m~«n~«Ster bJ M3le 
(b)Rml.>le 
FolloWI.ng this syn thesis of ideas. experime1'1t ~ venfieauon of 
the chromosomal theory of inheritance by Thomas H unl Morgan 
and his colleagues. led to discovering the basis for the varia tion 
th3lsexual rep roduction produced. Morgan worked wtth the tiny 
fruit files. Drosophila melanogaster (Figure 5. 1 0). which ""'e 
found very suitable for such studies. They could be grown on 
simple synthe tic medium in the 13.boratory. They comple te \heir life 
cycle in about two weeks. and a single moting could produce a large 
number of progeny rues. Also. there was a cle.>r di!l'erenUatton of\he 
seKes -the male and female flies .are e.asilydi sungws.able . Also. it 
has many types of hereditary variatiOns that can be seen With low 
power ltlcroscopes . 
5.3. 3 Linl~e aud Recombination 
ll'fi>Q!an cMried out several dihybrtd crosses in Dr0$<>J)NI4to study genes 
that were ..,.Unl<zod The crosses were Similar to the dihJillnd crosses carrie:~ 
out bj' Mendel in peas. For example ll'fi>Q!an hj'brtdi sed yellow-bodied. 
whiU. .e~d females to brown-ba:lia:l. red.eJed males and inU!rcrossed their 
F,progeny. He observed that the twogenesdidnot segreg>.U. tndopendently 
of each other and the F.ratio do>tate::l very s;gniflcanuy from the 9:3:3: 1 
rauo (expected when the two fjlnes are indopendenl) . 
Morgan and his group knew that the genes were locaU.d on the X 
chromosorre (Section 5.4)and saw quickly that when the two genes ina 
dihybnd cross were situate d on the same chromo sorre.lhe prop orUOn 
ofparen\ol gene combinations were muchhtgher than the non-p.>renla l 
type. Morgan atlributed this due to the physical as soctatton or linkage 
of the two genes and COined the term llnkage to de scribe this physical 
associatiOn of genes on a duanosomeand the term reeomblna.Uon to 
do scribe the genera\Dl a non-parental fjlne oombinatlcns [Figure 5. 11). 
Mcrgan and his group alsob.tndlhate""' whenge .nes were grouped 
on the same chi a•• ·~·• e. SOO'e genes werevery\iS)Itlj' linl<ed(showed 
wory low reccmbinatioo) {FigUre 5.11. Cross~ while others were loooely 
linked (showed higher recombination) {Figure 5. 11. Cro .. 8). For 
e<ample he found that the genes white and Jellow were "'ry \iS)\Uy 1inl<ed 
and showed only 1.3 per cent recombinaUOn while whit.! and mtntature 
Wing Sh~CI37. 2 per cent recombinatioo . !:lis student 1\ltre:l Sturtevant 
used the freque ncy of recombination between gene pairs on the sarre 
chromosorre as a rreasure of the distance bet ween genes and 'mapped 
their post\ ton on the chromosome. 1bday geneti c map s ~re extensive ly 
Parental 
F 1 generation 
BIOlOGY 
u sed as a starting point in the sequ enci ng of whol e genomes as was done 
in the case of the Human Genome Sequ encin g Project, described later. 
Cross A 
yw 
fihMd4W £ ca 
bH>f+ > &'[ID 
yw 
Yellow.wblte 
yw 
Ci•M ·ft*•@IH!!l!!!kcm 
•• w CD i*w* 
Wild type 
Parental 
type(98. 7%) 
yw 
o;,w .... w :m 
» 
yellow.white 
y•w• 
•• w Cb 
ey.w,w •:)o 
yw 
Wild type 
yw 
QIIM:&\l .!ii::S 
CIM!!WM!!i!!!!!!!f{)P 
yw 
ydlow,whlte 
d' 
y•w• 
•-•. -cc 
» 
Wild type 
d' 
yw 
'@Wh!IW<&!i@!!l!'Clm 
» 
Yellaw,wbite 
Gametes 
Recombinant 
types(1.3%) 
y w• .. _.,. sec 
» 
y•w 
· - WHMMii!#iffii J:;t!l 
CAW&%* & 
yw 
white 
yw 
ydlaw 
Cross B 
u~J'w Woo 
fj,W +C::lJ;iJ 
w m 
White.miniature 
w;:;ii!!!ilfiii!!!'*woo 
f!) -~ •(b w m• 
'Wild type 
Parental 
type(62.8%) 
w• m• 
t- ••:P 
» 
Wild type 
w m 
CiM 'i:lD 
I 
White,miniature 
w• m• 
• - ••::P 
GMiii! i!iH!@!.i+ •I:J!!) 
w m 
'Wild type 
•. E ia:)D 
e;·"o!.lifii&i&<ffi(D 
Whtte,mlniature 
d' 
w• m• 
(W W()o 
» 
Wild type 
d' 
ul'l!!!!!!!!!!!!fi!"W'::m 
» 
White,mmiatnre 
Recombinant 
types(37.2%) 
• 'I• m.mJB-,:Jfll 
» 
w m· 
Cfu&M@! *CD 
wbite I 
w• m 
w &MIW:Jfll 
ew•&iiiii!!#*1:m w m 
mlnlaiure 
w m• 
"*"•Wid -- ():3 
HH-*-IIJI!h&i• ·•::m 
w m 
'l!l!bite 
Figure 5.11 Linkage: Resul ts of two dihybrid crosse s conducted by Morgan. Cross A shows 
crossing betwe en gene y and w; Cross B sh ows crossing between genes w and m. 
Here dominant wild type alleles are repr esented with (+) sign in superscript 
Note: The strength of linka ge between y and w is higher than w and m. 
The rrech.anism. of sex dete:rmin.atiOn has 
alw.ays been .a puzzle before tll.e geneticists. 
The initi.al clue .about the genetic/ 
chromosom.al mech.ani sm of sex 
retermin.ation can be tr.aced b.ack to sorre 
of tll.e experirrents carried out in insects. In 
tact. the cytological obserw.tions mode in a 
nwnberof insects led to the developrrentof 
the concept of genelic/chrorrosomal basis 
of sex-determination. Henking (1891) could 
tnce .a speCific nucle.ar stru.cture all tll.rough 
spe:rm.atogenesis in .a few insects. and it was 
alsoobsenedbyhimthat 50 per cent of the 
sperm received this structure .after 
spermato&enesis. where .as tll.e otll.er 50 per 
cent sperm did. not receive it. Henkingg.a'e 
.a name to tll. is stru ctu re .as tll.e X body but 
he could not «<plain its si81ificance. Further 
investigations by other scienli st sled to the 
concluSion that the 'X bodJf of Honking was 
in taet a ehrorrosMe and that is why it was 
given tll.e narre X-chromJsorre. It w.as also 
obsened that in .al.arge number of insects 
tll.e mech.a nism. c1. se:..: detennirl.a tial. is of tll.e 
XO type. i.e .• all eggs be.ar an .actdition.al z z:, 
X-chromosome besides the other 
chromosorres (.autosomes). On the ollier 
h.and. some of the sperms be.ar the 
(b) 
(c) 
XX 
XX 
zw 
X-chromosome where.as some do not. Fis,""Ure 5.12 Eggs fertilised by sperm h.aving .an 
X-chromosome become fem.ales .and. 
lliose fertilised by sperms tll..at do not 
have .an X-chromJsorrebecomenWes. Do 
gou thi.n.k the number of clvomosomes (n 
the mole o.ndfemole are equal.? Due to the 
D~n of 9I:X by chromosom.ru 
dlfmenoes: (a b) Both ln h""""'" =I 
ln fros<!>l<lo. the mn.Je has a poJr ol 
XXchrornosornes ~)=I the 
mole x:l !heterog>metic) cornpoS111on: 
(cl In mony bttds. r.m.te has a poJr ol 
dlsarnll>r chrornosornes ZW =I m>le 
involverrent of tll.e X-chromJsorre in tll.e 
retermin.ation of sex. it was deSignated to 
two - z:z chrornosornes 
te tll.e sex chromosome. and tll.e rest of tll.e chromosomes '-l.'ere na.rred 
.as autosomes. ar.asshopper is.anex.ample of XO t}'"'Peof sex determination 
in which tll.e malesh.ale onlyoneX-chommJsorre teSides tll.e .autosorres. 
wherea.s females have .a pair of X-chromJsorres. 
These observatiOns led to the ilwestigation of a number of speeies to 
Wlderst.a nd. tll.e rre chan ism of sex determir'l.a lion. In .a nurnter of otll.er 
insects and rn.amrn.als including man. XY type of sex determination is 
seen where botll. male and fe:rtl3le hale s.arre number of chromosorres. 
r 
IIIOIOGV 
AmJng llie males a.n X-chromJsorre is present but its counter part is 
distinctly smaller ond called theY -chrorrosorre. l'emales. however. have 
a p&r ofX:-chrorrosorres. E'oth males ond females bear sarre number of 
a.utosorres. Hence.llie awes have .a.utosorres plusXY. while female have 
a.utosorres plus XX. In human beings a.nd. in Drosopl'lita.llie awes ha.ve 
one X a.nd. one Y chromosome. wherea.s fe:rtl3les han~ a. pa.ir of X­
chrorrosomes besides autosorres (Figure 5.12 a. b). 
In llie a.bove rescription you ha\e studied. a.bout two types of sex 
determiningmech.misms. i.e .. XO type a.nd.XY type. But in both ca.ses 
m3les prcduce two different types of g.a.metes. (a.) either Willi or williout 
X-chromosorre or (b) sorre g.a.rretes Willi X-chromJsorre .and. some willi 
Y -clu"omosome. Such types of sex d.etermina.tion mecha.nism is 
designated to be the example of male lteterogamety. In sorre other 
organisms. e.g .• birds a. different mechanism. of se:..: dete:rmirl3.tion is 
observed (Figure 5. 12 c). In this case the total number of chrorrosome 
is sa.rre in botll. males and females. But two different types of g3.rretes in 
terms of the sex chrornosorres • .are prcduced. by fem3les. i.e .• female 
heterogamety. In order to ha.ve a. distinction Willi llie mechanism. of 
sexdetermin.a.tion desert bed ea.rlier. llie two different sex chromosorres 
of a female bird has been deSignated to be the Z ond W chromosorres. 
In these org.a.nisms llie females have one Z .md. one W chromJsorre. 
wherea.s awes have a. pa.irofZ-chromJsomes beSides llie a.utosomes. 
5.4.l Se.-.: Determination in Humans 
It has olready been rrentioned that the sex determilling rrechanism in 
ca.se of hunw1s is XY type. Out of 23 pa.irs of chromJsorres present. 22 
pus .are exa.ctly sa.rre in totll. awes .an:1 fe:n'Wes: Uese .a.re llie .a.utoscn-es. 
A po;r of X-chrorrosomes are present in the female. whereas the presence 
of an X ond Y chrorrosorre are determinant of the male characteristic. 
Dunng spermalo!l'neSis wong males. two \)!pes of gametes are ptt:duced. 
50 per cent of the total sperm pltXIuced carry the X-chrorrosorre and 
llie rest 50 per cent has Y -chromJsane besires llie a.utosorres. Fen'Wes. 
however. prcduce oolyone type of ovum With an X-chrorrosorre. There 
is an equal probability of fertilisation of the ovum with the sperm cOIT}!ng 
eitll.er X or Y chronDsorre. hl. ca.se llie ovum fertilises With a. sperm 
cany;ng X-chrorrosome the zygote develops into a female poq and the 
fertilisa.tion of ovum Willi Y -chtomJsorre ca.rtying sperm results into a. 
male offspring. Thus. it is evident that it is the genetic mokeup of the 
sperm tl13.t determines llie sex of llie child.. It is a.lso eVirent tl13.t in ea.ch 
pregnancy there is always 50 per cent probability of either a male or a 
female child It is un1brtWl3.te tl13.t in our society v.aren a.re bl3med for 
prcdueing female children ond ha\e been ostracised ond ill-treated 
beca.use of tll.is t.alse notion. 
How is llie sex-detennirl3.tion rrech.a.nism. different in llie birds? 
Is the sperm or the e9.9 responsible for the sex of the cN.d<:s? 
PRI!ICIPIH Of ltiHUITA!iCE A!IO VAR:ATIO!i 
5.5 MU'D'!.TION 
Mutation is a phenomenon which results in alteration of DNA sequences 
ond oonsequenUyresults in ch>nges in the genotype ond the phenotype 
of .m org.mism In .additiOn to recombination~ mutatiOn is another 
phenorrenon that leods to v.nation in DNA 
As you Willie om in Ch3pter 6. one DNA helix runs continuously from 
one end to the other in each chromatid. in a highly supercoiled form 
1hererore loss (deletions) or gain (insertion/duplication) of a segrrent of 
DNA result in alteration in chromJsomes. Since genes are known to be 
located. on clu"om.osom.es. alteration in clu"omosom.es results in 
abnormalities or aberrations. ChromJsomal aterrations are COfi'Ul'DI'lly 
observed. in cancer cells. 
In addition to the above. rrutation alsoartse due to ch>nge in a Single 
base pair of DNA This is known as pOint rrutation. A classicalexornple of 
such a mutation is Sickle cell anemia. Deletions and. insertions of base 
pairs of DNA. causes frorre.shif\ rrutations (see Chapter 6). 
The rrechanismof mutation is beyond llie scop3 of tll.is discussiOn. at 
this level. HD'A,ver. there are many chemical and physical factors that 
induce mutations. These are referred. to as mu t.agens. lN radiations c.m 
cause mutatiOns in org.arusms -it is a mutagen. 
5. 6 GF.NBTIC DrsoRDEns 
5.6.l Pedigr<'e Analysis 
The ire a tllat disorders are inhertted has teen prev&ling in llie hunw1 
society since long. This was based. on tll.e heritability of certain 
characteristic features in families. After llie rediscovery of Menret•s v,:ork 
the practice of analysing inherttance pattern of traits in hum:m beings 
teg.m. Since it is eVident tllat control crosses tll..at c.m be per1brrred. in 
pea pl.mt or sorre other org.arusm.s. are not possible in case of hunwl 
beings. study of the famlyhistory about inherit=ce of a particular trait 
provides an alternative. Such an .m3lySis of traits in a se,eral of 
generations of a family is called the pedigree an.al;vsls. In the pedigree 
analySis llie inherit.mce of a particular trait is represented. in tll.e family 
tree over generations. 
In hum:m genetics. pedigree study provides a strong tool. which is 
utilised. to trace llie inheritance of a specific trait. abnormality or disease. 
Sorre of the important stondard symbols used in the pedigree analysis 
ru.ve been shown in Figure 5.13. 
As you have studied in this chapter. each and every feature in any 
organism is oontrolled by one or the other gsne located on the DNA present 
in llie chromJsorre. DNA is llie camerof genetic in1brmation. It is hence 
transmitted from one generation to the other Without any cru.nge or 
r 
\'1 
;) 
D 
0 
<> 
IIIOIOGV 
••• tdlolli~«~iodod--
alteration. However. ch3.nges or alteration do take 
place occaSiomlly. Such •n alter•tion or ch>nge in 
the genetic materu.I is refened to •s mutation. A 
number of disorrers in humm beings ha\e been 
fOund to be •ssoeiated with tre inheritance of c~d 
or .a.ltered genes or chronDsorres . 
5.~.2 Mendelian Disorde<s 
EH) 
EI=O maUI:If W:: c sa~ 
pu.-- -:It dlll4 
afi'Ootod wftb. 411WIT' 
Fis,-ure 5.13 Symbols used tn. ilie huma:n 
pedlgtee o=!yslS 
Broadly, genetic disorders maybe grouped into t"o 
c•tegones - Menrelian disorders •nct Chromosomo.l 
disorders. Mendeli.an disorders are m3.inly 
determined by alter•tiOn or mutation in the single 
gene. These disorrers ore transmitted to the offspring 
on llie sa.rre lines .as lol.'e han~ studied. in llie principle 
of inhertt.mce. The pattern of inherit.mce of such 
Mendelian disorders can be tr•ced in • forntly bY 
the pedigree .an.alysis. Most common .and. 
prev3lent Mencteli3.n disorders .are Ha.enDphili.a. 
Cystic fibrosis, Sickle-cell anaem•. Colour blindness. 
Phenylketonuria. 'T1Wesemi.a. etc. It is import..mt to 
rrention here lhet such Mendelian disorders maybe 
do:minant or recessive. By pedigree 3n3IJ1Sis one C3Jl 
e.asily understand. whellier tll.e trait in questiOn is 
dorninmt or recessive. Simil3.rty. tll.e t~it may .also 
be linked. to the sex chronDsorre .as in c.ase of 
haenDphilia. It is eVident tllat tll.isX-linkect recessive 
trait shows tr.ansmissiOn from. carrier female to male progeny. A 
nspresentativepecll6ee is shown in Figure 5.14 fbrdo:min3nt and recesSive 
tr>its. discusswilhl'JUC teacher and reSign pecll6eesfcr ch=cters linl<ed 
to botll. .autosorres .and sex chromosorre. 
(>) (b) 
Fis,"UXe 5.14 Representative pedtgtee ~ysts of (aJ Autosomal dol\"'in.3nt trait (fOr ex.ample: 
MyotoniC dystrophy) (b) Autosorna.l recess"'> lf>it ~r ox<>rnple: S1clde-cell o=erni>) 
PRI!ICIPIH ('If lt>HEtiTA!iCE ANO ..... A!t:ATIO!i 
Haemophwa : This sex linked. recessive disease. which shows its 
t.nnsmisSiOn from. urWtected. ca.rrter fefl"We to sorre ot llie awe progeny 
Jus been widely studied. In this dise~se. ~ sin&~e protein tlut is~ pm of 
the cascade of proteins imolved in the clotting of blo:d is oifected Due to 
this. in on o!fected indi~U3.1 asimple cut Will result in non-stop bleeding. 
The heteiOZJ-l!ous female (comer) fbr haem:philia may tronsmit the disease 
to soos. The p::>ssibilityof a female beoorning a haerrophihc is extremely 
ra.re because nDther of such a female has to be at least earner md. llie 
father should be haemcphihc (un~ble in the later stoge of hfe).The !3rnily 
pedigree of Queen Victoria shows anwnberofhaemophilic descendents 
as she w.as .a earner of the disease. 
S1c:kle-cellanaem1a :This is .an autosorre linked. recessile t.nit that em 
be tronsmitted from parents to the offspring when both the pmners are 
carrier fbr the gene (or heterozygous). The disease is controlled b:y a single 
pair of ollele. Hb' ond Hb8 . Out of the three posSible genotypes only 
horrozygous indi~duals fbr Hb• (HbSHbS) show the diseased phenotype. 
Heterozy~PUs (Hb'HbS) indi~duals appear apparenUyunoifected but they 
are camerotllie disease as lliere is 50 p3r cent probability c1. trmsrnisSiOn 
of the nrutant gene to the progeny. thus "''.hi biting sickle -cell lrOit (Figure 
5.15). The defect is caused by the substitution of Glutamic acid (Glu) by 
NCif1rllll HI> W. ··CIC··· 
..~ .. 
- .. ! ... 
• 
1 2 3 4 6 e 7 
Hbl\p stld• 
Fis,-ure 5.15 Mtcrograph of ilie red blood cells .mel the amUl:l a.c1d compos:iUon of there~ portion 
of P.ch>m of hoemoglob1n: (a) Flam a normallrdiVlduol; (b) From an indiVldual With 
sielde-oell <m.cem1a 
r 
SIOlOG',' 
V•lln• (Vol) •t the S1Xth pos1t1on of the beta globln chom of the haemo&obln 
molecule. 'The substitution of •mino •cld ln the globln proteln results 
due to the S!ngle b•se substitution •t the Sl>Cth codon of the betaglobln 
gene from GAG to GUG. 'The mutant haemoglobin molecule undergoes 
polymensation undertow oxygen tens on causmg the change ln the shape 
of the RBC from blconc•v• disc to elong•ted Slckle llke structure 
(Flgure 5.15). 
Phenylketonwia : Thls lnborn error of met•bol!sm ls also mhented •s 
the .autosomal recesSive tr.ait. The .affected 1ncl1Vidu.all.acks .an enzyme 
that converts the •mlno •cld phenyt.t.nmelntotyroSlne. As • result of 
thls phenyl .tan mel s •ccumut.ted and converted lnto phenylpyruVic •cld 
.and other denv.attves. Accumulation of these 1n br.ain results 1n mental 
retardation. These .are .also ej(creted through unne because of 1ts poor 
•bsorptlon bytudney. 
5.6.3 Chl'omosomaldisorders 
The chromosOI'I'l31 cb.sorders on the other h3nd .are caused due to .absence 
or ej(cess or .abnOI'Tl'W .arrangement of one or more chromosOI'Iles. 
Fa!lure of segreg•tlon of chromatids dunngcell d!1<1son cycleresults 
ln thega1n or loss of • chromosome(s). called aneuploidy. For elC>mple. 
Down's syndrome resultsln the g•m of extr• copy of chromosome 21. 
Slmllarly. TUrner's syndromeresults due tolossof an Xchromosomeln 
human females. Fa! lure of cytoluneSlsoiter telophase stage of cell dii<!Slon 
results in m 1ncn.ase 1n .a v..hole set of chromosomes 1n m orgmtsm. md . 
...... 
Flat book ofheod ---- , ~·-.- Bro;d fiat f>ce 
M=J> 'loops" on--:.':: 
finger tips /' ·: 
P~ crease··' 
. ;0 'a;g ond .-klei 
"tongue 
'-. C<>ngenitol heart 
dis~e 
Fi&'1.ae 5.16 A represent«tive .figure showtng (:m tndVtdvd tnfltcted wttl\ Down's 
synoTome 01'\d tl\e carespondtns chronosomes oftl\e tndVtduo1 
PRI!ICIPIH ('If ltiHEtiTA!iCE ANO VA!t:ATIO!i 
this phenorrenon is known •s polypk>ld.Y. This 
condition is often seen in plmts. 
lh;tctal nl11'1'1h;rof thrmll!Ol'l'eof •I'ICtl'l'li)j 
h= being is 46 (23 p•irs). Out of these 22 
pairs are autosomes and. one pair of 
chromosomes are sex chromosome. 
Sometimes. though rarely. either an 
•dditional copy of • chrorrosome may be 
i ncl ud.ed. in m indiVidual or an i ndi Vid.ua 1 may 
lack one of any one pair of chronDsomes. 
These situatiOns are kno1Ntl. as trisomy or 
monosorny of a chronDsorre. respectively. 
Such a situation leads to very serious 
consequences in the individual. Down•s 
syndrorre. Turner's syndrome. Klinefelter's 
syndrome are common examples of 
chronDsomal disorders. 
Down's S}'Tldrome :The cause of tll.is genetic 
disorder is the presence of an actditi0n3.1 copy 
of the chrorrosorre number 21 (trt sonw of 21 ). 
This disorder was first described by Langdon 
Down (1866). The affected indi~ual is short 
statured. Willi small round. head. furrowed. 
tongue •nct partially open mouth (Figure 5.16). 
P3lm is broad Willi characteristic palm crease. 
Physical. psychorrotor and rrental ctevelop!rent 
iS retarded. 
KUnefelter's Syndrome This genetic 
disorder is a1 so cau sect due to llie presence of 
•n •dditional copy of x.chrorrosorre resulting 
into • karyotype of 47. XXY. Such •n 
ind.i\lidual has Olerall masculine d.eveloprrent 
• however. the feminine development 
(cteveloprrent of bre•st. i.e .• Gynaecomastia) 
is also expressed. (Figure 5.17 a). Such 
indiViduals are sterile. 
Turner•s Syndrome : Such a disorder is 
caused due to llie absence of one of llie X 
chromosomes. i.e .• 45 With XO. Such females 
are steri 1e as ovM'ie s are rud.irrenta ry be Sires 
other features including lack of other secondary 
sexu•l chor•cters (Figure 5.17 b). 
0 ,; . \l 
I ~.. A I 
r·' '( i 
I ·)' 
\ y) 
'iill"[ 
\ I . ' 
(b) 
Short s l.;;d.ure and 
underde-.teloped 
fel\"'inine chMacter 
Fi€uf• 5.17 D~==tie ropr.>"'· 
nt<:d.ion of ge:ne11c disorders due to sex 
chromosome com pos111on Ul. b..u'nMlS : 
(a) Kllnefeltor Syndrome; (b) 1\uner's 
Syndrome 
r 
. ·;~: ... :. ·:: .. 
·, 
.. · . 
;· · ... 
SUMI'IIARY 
GemUos lS a brorch of b1ology wh>oh deoJs With pr!reiples of ll>homtonce 
=I tis praotioes. PIO@ny ....,.bling the po<enls ln morphob@Cal =I 
phystolog)C>l feotwes has altr actEd the altonlion of many biologlsls. 
Mendel was ilie Brst to study UUs phen:lme:non systemaUcally. While 
studying ilie pattern of inhe:rit..3nce in pea pl3nts of contrasting 
chMacte:rs. Mendel proposed Ule pril'Ciples of inl':eritc:nce. \l,hich Me 
today re:fe:rred to as 'ME:niel's Laws of Inhen~e'. He proposed ili31 
the 'f<ctors' llot<a n>rned os g.,.,.) r~Ung the cha:raotors..., fOund 
in pairs known as .aolleles. He obsene::l that ilie expressiOn of ilie 
ch>:racters ln the offspring fOllow a dofintte pattern ln different-first 
e=:ne:rauons (F1). secon:i (FJ ~so on. Some chc:racters Me dominMlt 
O'\E:I' others. 'T1:e doi\'Un.3n.t clw'acte:rs Me expressed when factors Me 
in heterozy~ condition (Law of DoJ'Oin.<moe). 'nle reoess:1\e ch3:racters 
Me only expressed in h:lmozy9=1us conditions. 'T1:e cl'w'acte:rs ne-.er 
blend in hete:rozy9=1us condition A reoess:1\le chMacte:r Ulat was not 
expressed in heterozygous conditon may expressed ag"3in when it 
becomes h:lmo2f9=1US. Heme. clw'acters segregate while forma11on of 
g=etes (Law of Segrego!ionl. 
Not all chMacte:rs show true do~. Some chMacte:rs show 
ln<Ol\\pk,t.;,. "".:! SOl\\« sh>w eo-dol'<\lMl'.,. Whom Mill'.:!.>! studll;,d 1M, 
inhen~e of two chc:racte:rs togeilier. it was fOtmd Ulat ilie factors 
independently assort ~ combine in all permutatiOns and 
combina11ons (Law of Irdepe:nie:nt. Assol"tment). Dtfierent combinations 
of g:ametes a:re ilieoret1cally represented in a squMe t.abu!M fOrm kn:lwn 
as 'Pum:ett. ~w:re'. 'nle f.cctors (n:lw 1mown as gene) on chromosomes 
regulating ilie chMacte:rs Me called ilie genotype ~ ilie phySical 
""presSion of the chr "'actors lS colled phenol ype . 
After tmowng ilial ilie (f:tnes Me located on ilie chromosomes. a 
9=1od correlation was drawn between Menrhl's laws : segreg:aUon and 
assortment of chromosomes durtng meioSis. The Mendel's laws were 
extended in ilie fOrm of 'Chromosom.ru 'Theory of lnhe:r1Wl::e'. Later. it 
was fOund Ulat Mendel's law of independent assortme:nt does rot h:lld 
true fOr the ge:r.es iliat were located on the same chromosomes. These 
ge:nes were called as 1inked ~n.es'. Closely located ~nes assorted 
togeU:et;. .mel diStc:ntly located (jm.eS. due to recombinaUon. assorted 
lnd~y. Unk>@ maps. therefOre. corresponded to an~ont 
of (fm.eS on a chromosome. 
M.cmy genes \'.ere linked to sexes .ruso. ~ called as sex-linked 
@nes. ~ two sexes (rM1e ~ fern~ were fOund to ha'e a set of 
chromosomes which were common. ~ .cmoilier set whiCh was 
different. The chromosomes which were different in two sexes were 
named as sex chromosomes. The rematrung set was named as 
autosomes. In htun.<mS. a normal fel'Mle has 22 p~rs of autosomes 
PRINC IPlH Of INHf'ITAN Cf AHO "'.UIATION 
and a pair of sex chrOI'l'IOSIQrMI ()00 . Am.ale has 22 patrs of auto5omes 
>nd >. p>lr of SI!X eluom<>"''"" u XX. In c:h!cl<2n sox chromosomes 1n 
ma ie'e zz. mel 1n ~ a.re zw. 
Mutation IS deluw::l u: oha.nge: tn the gtnetlc matertal . A point 
m\b.tion IS a chanft of a.~ baa pu In DNA &ckle-oell anern1a. t; 
caUS81 due lo ~ ol '"'" bue In the ge.o ~ lor beta-ch3!n of 
hemoglobin. inber>W.Io muU.t>ons con be stud1ed bf g=neratrng a 
ped>g"" ol a fam11y. S«no muutlorw .... ,.,.,.. e~ In whole set of 
chromosomes (pol)'plo'Cl)'l or ~ In a. subset of et.omoeome number 
(aneuploid y). Ttu helped In w><lorsbl1d~ lhe m\b.tion.al basis of 
geretJc disorden. Down's s)"dr'OI'M 11 dut to tnsomy of chromosome 2l 
where there lS .an e:x\ra. copy of dYomo.:wne: 21 and co~tly Ue 
total n.unbe:r cl cbomoiiiCII'M blr::cmel 41. In 1\.lrn!r's syndrome. ore X 
chromosom.e ls m.1a1ng .and thli HX chrOMosome ts as XO. ani 1n 
Khnefelter•s syrdrCII.l'\a. U. cx::nd1tson il: XXX. 1'tti e can 'ce e3511y st\died 
by analysiS o( Ka<)Ol~ . 
..................................................................................... ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,,, .. ,. 
EXI RCISES 
I. Mentlon the >d~ of M c\ln8 pu. plant £or oxponme.nl by Mandel. 
2. D&entiale bol"""n U.. lollowlng­
(o) Domin>l1CO ond. Reot SII"" 
(b) Homozygous and HW<><ya<>us 
(c) Monohybrid ond. Dlhybrld. 
3. Ad!pbld org>n~Sm IS be..,ozyg cus lor 4lo01. h:>w many types of garn""s 
can be produoed.? 
4. Explain the Law of Oornlna.not 1.I.IU"'.8' a. monohybrid cross. 
5. Defino and d""'61' a lAIIt-oroa . 
6. llilng a Punnelt &jua:o. worlcoul. U.. d!slrtbullon of phenotypiC liao.b.ues 
In U.. lust flh>l g=norat>on aftar a oroa between a h>rnozyg>us liamale 
and a ~IJ>us malo~ lor a S!np beus. 
1. Wben a cross In moclo bot_, lall pbnt ""lh yellow~ frtyYI ond. 
bll plant Wllh gr...n - ~ wh>l proporUons of pllerlo'fpe In the 
~coW:! be e:cpoctod lo bo 
w blland6-
lbl dw<d and ~ 
81010GY 
8. 'TWo heterozy9=1us pMe:nt.s Me crossed. If ilie two looi Me linked v.hat 
would be U:e distn.buUon of phen:ltypie features 1n F1 g.=:neraUon fOr a 
dlbybr1d crosS? 
9. Brte:fly me:nUon ilie contribution of T.H. Mor@n 1n ~· 
10. What lS pedlgtee =>lysiS? svge;st how such.,.. ..W)'SIS. con be usoful. 
11. How 1S sex delE:rrnined tn. hum.<m beings? 
12. A child h>s blood group 0. II the father h>s blood group A ond mother 
blocd group B. work out ilie ge:n:~types of ilie pMe:nt.s ~ the poss:1ble 
t""''~ ol the other oflsprmgs. 
13. E>cpl.m the fOlloWU>g terms With o>«>mple 
(a) 0>-doroln>noe 
(b) lncornplote dor<Un>nce 
14. What 1S p01nt mutation? Gi,~ one e:<Mnp2. 
15. Who hod propose:! the cluomosorn>l theory of the lnhonton::e? 
16. Me:nUon .my two autosomal ~disorders With their symptoms. 
CHAPTER 6 
MOLECULAR BASIS OF 
INHERITANCE 
6.1 The DNA 
6.2 1heSea.rchfor Gen.ettc 
Moteno:t 
6.3 FNA \Vond 
6.4 Repltcotton. 
6.5 Tron.scriptim 
6.6 Genetic Code 
6.7 Tronsl«tion. 
6.8 RegvJntton. of Gen.e 
Express ton. 
6.9 Hu.mon Genmne Project 
6. J 0 DNA F!nse'l'ri"~"$ 
In the prev1ous chapter.)'JU have learnt the inhentonce 
patterns and the genetic baSis of such patterns. At the 
\irre of Mendel. the nature of those 'factors• regulating 
llie pattern of inheritance w.as not clear. Over tll.e next 
hundred years. the nature of the putative g. netic material 
was investigated. culminating in tll.e realisation that 
DNA- cteo~ tonucleic .acid. -is the genetic materi3.1. at 
least ror the majority of organisms. In classXI)'JU have 
learnt tllat nucleic acids are polyrrers of n ucleotictes. 
Deo.~tonucleic .acid. (DNA) .and. ribonucleic aCid. 
(RNA) are the \100 types of nucleic aCids round in liVing 
systems. DNA acts as the genetic material in most of the 
org.anisms. RNA lliough it .also acts .as .a genetic materi31 
in some \r1ruses. nDstly functions .as .a messenger. RNA 
has .actdition3l roles .as v>ell. It fWl.ctions .as .ad.3.pter. 
structural . .md. in sorre c.ases .as a cal3lytic m:d.ecule. hl. 
Class XI ;I'OU have already learnt the structures of 
nucleotide s .md. the w.aylliese nDnOI'l1ef Wlits .are linked. 
to fOrm nucleic aCid p:>lyrrers.ln this chapterv." are gOing 
to discuss the structure of DNA. its repllca\icn. the process 
of rrokingRNA from DNA (transcllptiOO). the ll'netic ocde 
\he\ determines the sequences of orninO aCids in proteins. 
tll.e process of protein synthesis (tr.ansl.ation) .and. 
elernen tory basis of their regulation. The determination 
r 
SIOLOGY 
of complete nucleotide sequence of h= genorre dunng l•st decade 
has set in .a new era of genomics. In llie last section. tll.e essentials of 
hurnM genorre Sa:JuenC:ingmdits consa:juences will also te discussed. 
Let us beg;n our discusSion by first understanding the structure of 
the rmst interesting rrolecule in the liVing system. that is. the DNA. In 
subsequent sections. T»e lo\lill 1.Ulderstmd. tll.at why it is llie nDSt .abWld.mt 
genetic material. .md. what its relationship is V>lith RNA. 
6.1 ThE DNA 
DNA is •long pol:ytrer of deo"JJ!!bonucleotires. The length of DNA is 
usuoll:yrefined •snumberofnucleotires (or •pairofnucleotidereferred 
to .as base pairs) present in it. This .also is tll.e characteristic of .m organism 
For ex•mple. • b•ctenophage known •s $ 174 has 5386 nucleotires. 
BacteriOphage 13mbda has 48502 b•se pairs (bp). Esd\eri.CN.a, cci.( has 
4.6 x t08 bp. •nd haploid content ofhurnM DNA is 3.3 x 1 o•bp. Let us 
discuss the structure of such •long polymer. 
6. 1.1 Structure of Polynueleotide Cha.iu 
Let us rec•pitulete the chemical structure of • polynucleotide chain (DNA 
or RNA). A nucleotide has tlu"ee components -.a nitrogenous base . .a 
pentose sugar (ribose in c•se of RNA. •nd deo."JJribose fbr DNA). md • 
phosphate group. There •re two types of nitro!l'nous bases - Pu!!nes 
(Arenine •nd Guanine). •nd P)<'imidines (cytosine, Ur•cil•nd Thymine). 
cytosine is conmon for both DNA and RNA •nd ThJ!mine is present in 
DNA Ur•cil is present in RNA •t the pl•ce of ThJ!mine. A nitrogenous 
b•se is linked to the pentose sugar through • N-gl:ycosidic linkage to 
form .a nucleoSire. such .as .adenoSine orctea::.:y.actenosine. ~.anoSine or 
deo"J'~anoSine, cytidine or cl>«¥ytidine and uridine a dec:eythJ!midine. 
When • phosphate §'CUP is linked to 5' -OH of • nucleoSide through 
phosphoester linkage. • corresponding nucleotide (or deo."J'flucleotide 
depending upon the type of sugar present) is fbrrred. Tv.<> nucleotides 
•re linked through 3 '-S' phosphodiester linkage to form • dinucleotide. 
Morenucleotides can be jOined in such •manner to fbrm• polynucleotide 
chain. A pol:yrrer thus fbrrred h•s at one end • free phosphate llDiet:y •t 
MOLICULAI U!l$ Of ltriHU IAHC f 
s· .end ol nl>ose sugar. wbich is referred to as S' -end ol polynucleotide 
chain. Similarly. at the othereod otlbe poiJ'[rer the ribOSe 1>2$ a free 
3 .OH group which is referred to as :r .end oflhe poil'!IUdecAiele dla.in. 
1he backbone in a polynucleotide chain is Luted Qle to sugar and 
phosphates . The nitroge nous bases linked to sugarmcdetl' J'l"Oject from 
the backbone (Figure 6. 1). 
In RNA. e"'ry nucleotide residue has an 3d:litJanai-OH group present 
at 2· -poSition in the ribose. Also. in RNA the uraCil is found at the place of 
lhJ'minO (S -methy1 uracil. another chemicol name k>r lhJ'minO). 
DNA as an •Cidic substonce present in nucleu s was Gtst ldlonliJled by 
Ft1ednch Meiseher in 1869. He named it •s 'Nu clein'. Howe,.,r. due to 
technieallimil>Uon in isola. ling such • long polymer intoct. the elucieb.Uon 
of structure of DNA remainede1usi~e k>r • ~ery long periOd of time . It was 
only in 11:153 that James l'b.toon and Fran cis Crick.. based on the X-ray 
diJ!racUon dato pro:luced by Maurice WUI<ins and Rooolind Franklin. 
jllopooeda very simple butfarrous Double Helbc mcdol a the structure 
oiDNA. Oneollhehallmarl<s do-propos ilioo,....basepairingbetwEen 
the two strands ol polynucleotire chains. H"""'....-. lhl s praposilioo was 
also based on lheobsenQ.UooaErwin Qwga1rthat i:raclcuble stranded 
ONA.Iheratios between Adenine and Thymine and Guanine and Cytosine 
are o:nstont andequ3lsone . 
The base p>iring a:nfers a veryuruqu e property to the pol ;nucleotide 
chains . They are said to be oomplerrentory to each other. and therek>re if 
the sequence ofbases in one strand is known then the sequence in other 
strand can be predicted AlOJ. if each strandfrom .aDNA (let us eallitasa 
parenW DNA) acts as a terq>!ate k>r syntheSis of a new strand. the two 
Cbuble straru:bd DNA (let us call them as daughter DNA) thus. produced 
would beldlontieal to the parer431 DNArroleeule. Be<auseof thls.the geneuc 
implications of the structure of DNA became very clear. 
The salientlil• tures dthe Double-helix structu"' ofDNAare as lbllows: 
~) It iS made oft"" polynucleotide choins. where the b._ckbone is 
cons tituted by sugar -phosph ate. and the base s ptcje ct inside. 
(!!) The two chains have anti -parallel pdartty . It means. if one 
c.hain has the polanty s· ~3· . the other has 3·~s· . 
@II] The bases in t= strands are pairEd through hyclrcgen bond 
(H -bonds ) f~ base pairs (bp). ActenillO i:rmS two hl<ltogeu 
bonds With Thymine fran opposite strand and Ylce-"'rsa. 
Similarly. Guanine is bonded with cytosille With three H-boncts. 
Asa result. olwaysa purine OCI!lEsoppoSitetoapyrimidine. This 
gener .. tes appro<imately uniform disto.nce between the t= 
strands of the heliX (Figure 6.2). 
(iv) The t= chains ore coiled in aright-han ded fashiOn . The pitch 
of thll helix is 3.4 nm (a nanometr e IS one billion th of a 
metre. that iS 1 0·• m) and there •re rough!)' 1 0 bp in e3Ch 
r 
SIOLOGY 
Fi&Ur• 6.2 Double sir =led polynucleotide ch»n 
I~ s W "DiP.r r e 
tum. O:.nsequently. tll.e dist.mce 
between .a bp in .a helix is 
appro,imatelyeqwl to 0.34 nm 
(lj The plane of ooe base pair slacks 
mer tll.e ollier in double heliX. This. 
in .addition to H-boncts. confers 
stability of the helical structure 
(Figure 6.3). 
o. • c,.- Compare the structure of pur;nes and 
Fls.,_ 6.3 DNA double helix 
nsl a 
pgnm<d;nes. Can gou fond out wlvJ the 
d.:.stan.ce between two potgnudeotlde 
d\ai.n.s (n DNA remainS alm:>st constont? 
The proposition of .a double helix 
structure for DNA .and its simplicity in 
«<plomtng the genetic implicatiOn become 
revolutionary. Very soon. Francis Crick 
proposed the Central dogma in molecular 
biology. which states that tll.e genetic 
iniDrrn>.tioo flows fromDNA~RNA~Protein. 
G _!In~ ... ~~~-~ - ~.,~,~-~=·pra1<11>. 
Oenlnl dogma 
MOlEC ULAR BASIS Of IN HERITANCE 
In some viruses the flow of information is in reverse direction, that is, 
from RNA to DNA. Can you suggest a simple name to the proces s? 
6 .1. 2 Pa ckaging of DNA Helix 
Taken the distance between two consecutiv e base pairs 
as 0.34nm (0.34xl0- 9 m ), if the length of DNA double 
helix in a typical mammalian cell is calculat ed (simply 
by multiplying the total number of bp with distance 
between two consecutive bp, that is, 6.6 x lU~ bp x 
0.34 x I0-9 m/bp), it comes out to be approxima tely 
2. 2 metres. A length that is far greater than the 
dimension of a typical nucleus (approximately lQ-6 m). 
How is such a long polymer packaged in a cell? 
if the lengt h of E. coli DNA is 1.36 mm. can y ou 
calculate the number of base pairs in E. coli? 
In prokaryotes, such as, E. coli, though they do 
not have a defmed nucl eus , the DNA is n ot scattered 
throughout the cell . DNA (being negatively charged) 
is held with some protei ns (that have positi ve 
charges) in a region termed as 'nucleoid'. The DNA 
in nucleoid is organised in large loops held by 
proteins. 
In eukaryotes, this organisati on is much more 
complex. There is a set of positively charged, basic 
pro tein s call ed histones . A protein acquires charge 
depending upon the abundance of amino acids 
residues with charged side chains. Hi stones are rich 
in the basic amino acid r esid ues lysines and 
Figure 6.4a Nucleosome 
arginines. Both the amino aci d residues carry Figure 6.4b EM picture _ 'Beads -on-String' 
positi ve charges in their side chai n s. Histones are 
organised to form a unit of eight molecules called 
as histone octamer. The negatively charged DNA is wrapped around 
t he positively charged histone octamer to form a stru ctur e call ed 
nucleosome (Figure 6 .4 a). A typical nucleosome contains 200 bp of 
DNA h elix. Nucleoso m es constitute the r epeating unit of a stru cture in 
nucleus call ed chromatin, thread-like stained (coloured) b odie s seen in 
nucleus. The nucl eosomes in chromatin are s een as 'beads -on-string' 
structur e when viewed under electron microscope (EM) (Figur e 6.4 b) . 
Theoretically, how many such bead s (nud eosomes) do you imng ine 
are present in a mammalian ceU? 
The beads-on-string structure in chromatin is packaged to form 
chromatin fibers that are further coiled and condense d at metaphase stage 
of cell division to form chromosomes. The p ackaging of chro matin at higher 
level requires additi onal set of proteins that collectiv ely are r eferr ed to as 
SIOLOGY 
Non-histone Chromosomal (NHC) proteins. In a \jlpical nucleus. sorre 
re~ of chromatin are loosely packed (and stoms light) and are referred to 
as euchromatin The chromatin that is rrore clmsely packed and stains 
d.Mk .are ca.lled. a.s Heterochromatin. Euchromatin is sa.id. to be 
tr.mscrtpti:lrl3lly a.ctive dUOI"'Utin, wherea.s heterochror'n3.tin is inactive. 
6.2 TH~: SEARCH l"OI< (l);;N£1!C fillAT!,'U.<t. 
Elen though the discovery of nuclein by Meischer and the prop::>Si\ion 
fOr principles of inheri\3nce by Mendel were alrmst at the sorre time, but 
that the DNA acts as a genetic material took long to be discovered and 
proven. By 1926. the quest to determine the rrechanism for genetic 
inheritance had. rea.ched. llie m:decul.ar level Pre\oious discoveries by 
Gregor Mendel. W.lter Sutton. Thomas Hunt Morgan and nurrerous other 
scientists h3d n3.ITO'Aed. tll.e se.arch to tll.e chronDsorres loca.ted. in tll.e 
nucleusofrmst cells. But the question of what !lDlecule was actually the 
genetic materi3l. h.ad not been .msv>ered 
Thlnsfonnlng Principle 
In 1928, Frederick Gndith, in a senesofexpertments With Streptococcus 
pneumon.:a.e (ba.ctertum responsible for pneunDnia.). witnessed. a. 
mira.culous tr.msforrnation in the ba.cterta. Durtng tll.e course of his 
expertrren\. a li\olngorgarusm (bacteria) had changed in physical fOrm 
When StreptocoCCIJ..S pnev.mGnV::U? (pneumJcoccu s) ba.cterta .are grot»n 
on a culture plate. sorre produce smooth shiny colonies (S) while others 
pro:tuce rough colonies (R). This is be ca. use tll.e S str.ain ba.cterta ha.ve a. 
mucous (polysaccharide) ooat. while R strain does not. Mice infected with 
the S strain (Virulent) die from pneumonia infection but mice infected 
With the R strain do not develop pneullDnia. 
s---~ect-- - -• 
R- llOjectll>lomlce - Ml!lellve 
Gri1!ith was able to kill bacteria by heating them He observed that 
heat-killed S strain bacteria injected into mice did not kill them When he 
s­
(heat¥"'"1) 
s­
lhooat¥"'"1) 
+ 
R­
Qiw) 
--lllject-- - Mloeclle 
MOlECUlA! SASIS Of INHEHANCE 
injected. .a miXture of heat-killed. S .and.li\e R bacteria. tll.e mice died. 
Moreover. he recmerect liVingS bacteria from the dead mice. 
He concluded that the R strain bacteria had sorrehow been 
uanst:onned by the heat-k;)led S strain bacteria. Serre 'ransrormng 
prinCiple'. transferred from the heat-killed S strain, had enabled the 
R strain to syntll.esise .a sm:otll. polys.acch.ar"ire co.at .and becorre \r1rulent. 
This must be due to tll.e tr.msfer of tll.e genetic m.atert.al Hov>e\er. the 
biOchemical nature of genetic material w.as not defined. from his 
expe:rirrents. 
Bmchemlcal ChanctertsaUon of'Ilansfonnlng Prtnclple 
Rior to the work of Oswald Avery. Colin MacLeod and Maclyn McCorty 
(1933-44). the genetic matenal was thought to be "protein. They v.orked 
toretermine the biochemical natwe oftransrormngpnnciple' in Griffith's 
expenrrent. 
They punfied biOchemicals (proteins. DNA. RNA. etc.) from the 
heat-killed. S cells to see which ones could. trms1brm live R cells into 
S cells. They discovered that DNA alone from Sbacteria caused R bacteria 
to become transrorrred. 
They also cliscovered that protein -digesting enzymes (proteases) and 
RNA-di@st.ing enzjrnes (RNases) did not aUect t.ranstorma\iOn, so the 
transrormng substance was not a protein or RNA. Di@s\iOn With DNase 
did inhibit transformation, suggesting that the DNA caused the 
transrormation. They concluded that DNA is the hereditary material. but 
not .all biOlo~sts '-l.'ere conVinced. 
Cat\ gou tNnl< of Mg difference between DNAs at\d. DNase? 
6.2. 1 The Genetic Material is DNA 
The unequivocal proof that DNA is the genetic material carre from the 
experirrents of Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase (1952). They worked 
With Viruses that infect bacteria called bacteriophages. 
The bacteriOphage attaches to the bacteria and its @netic material 
then enters the bacterial cell. The bacterial cell treats the Viral genetic 
material .as if it was its CNJn .md. subsequently manufactures more Virus 
particles. Hershey md. Chase loi.'Ofked. to d.isco\er whetll.er it w.as protein 
orDNAtrom the lolruses that entered the bacteria. 
They grew some Viruses on .a rred.ium. tll.at contained. radioactive 
phosphorus and scrre others en rredium that conl"-ined radioactive sulfur. 
Viruses grown in tll.e presence of radioactive phosphorus contained. 
radioactive DNA but not r.adio.acti\e protein because DNA contains 
phosphorus but protein cbes not. Similarly. Viruses grown en radioac\i \e 
sulfur contained. radioactive protein but not r.adio.acti\e DNA because 
DNAcbes not contain sulfur. 
r 
SIOLOGY 
R3dioacli\e ph3!1'S were ollo'A"d to attach to E. cot bacteria. Then, as 
the infection proceerect. the Viral ooats were rerroved from the bacteria by 
a~t.aling them in a blender. The Virus pmicles were sep:u-ata:l from the 
bacteria by spinning them in a centrifuge. 
Bacteria which W3.S infected. V>litll. Viruses tll.3.t h3.d. r3.dioactive DNA 
were rodioaclive. indic.aling that DNA was the material that passed from 
tll.e Virus to tll.e bacteria. BacteM tl13.t lo'.:ere infected. V>litll. wuses tl13.t h3.ct 
r3dioactive proteins were not r3.dioacti\e. Th.is indicates tll.3.t proteins did. 
not enter the b3.cteri3. from. tll.e Viruses. DNA is tll.erefore tll.e genetic 
matenal that is passed from Virus to bacteria (Fi~re 6.5). 
~nz.» 
No-r"lll dd t 1 tD ec:n.. 
'\ 'b ... Or : it ('"ll) 
~ootod m .upcn ataa;t 
&..! ' dw 
'\ 1 p 
@=-' nz.~ a.. . ' 
! 
~ nz.~ ._11 ~o~t c n ... 
R•11 Uw~ 
1 , l Uaa cd.1a 
Ho~pp 
rk I ltD.~ 
6.2. 2 Properties of Genetic Materi3l (DNA ''ersus RNA) 
From the IDregeingdiSCUSSiOn, it iS clear that the debate bet'A"en proteins 
\ersus DNA 3.S tll.e &enetic materi3.1 W3.S tmequi\Oc3.lly resohed. from. 
Hershe:y,Chase «<penrnent. It becorre an established fact that it is DNA 
tl13.t 3.cls 3.S genetic mate:ri3.1. However. it subsequently teca.rre clear tl13.t 
MOlECUlA! SAtiS Of I....:HEHANCE 
in sorre Viruses. RNA is tll.e ~netic mate:ri31 (tor ex.ample. Tobacco Mosaic 
wuses. QB bactenopmg,. etc.). Ans""'" to sorre of the questions such as. 
why DNA is the pra:!orrliront genetic mateml. whereas RNA p!riDrms 
dyn3mic functions of rressenger and adapter has to be round from the 
differences between chemical structures of tl1e two nucleic acid. m:decules. 
Can. gourecoll.the tux:> chem.:C.:Ud.Jfferen<X!s .f>etween DNA and RNA? 
A rrolecule that con act as agenetic material nrust fulfill the following 
criteria: 
(i) It should be able to generate its replica (ReplicatiOn). 
(il) It should chemically and structurally be stable. 
(iii) It should pro~de the soope fbr slow changes (mutation) that 
are required for evolu lion. 
(i'-) It should be able to express itself in the form of 'Mendelian 
Characters'. 
If one examines each requirement one by one. because of rule of base 
pairing and complerrentmty. both the nucleic acids (DNA and RNA) have 
the ability to direct their duplications. The other molecules in the liVing 
system. such as proteins fail to fulflllfirst criteria itself. 
The genetic material should be stable enough not to change with 
cl.if!erent st<>ges of lite cycle. ~ge or With change in physiOlogy of the 
organism Stability as one of the properties of genetic material was very 
evident in Griffith's 'transfbrmingprinciple' itself that heat. which killed 
the bacteria. at least did not destroy some of the properties of genetic 
material. This now can easily be explained in l;g)lt of the DNA that the 
two strands being complerrentaryif separated by healing corre together. 
when appropriate conditions are provided. Further. 2' -OH group present 
at every nucleotide in RNA is a reacti\e group and makes RNA labile and 
easilydegractable. RNA is also now known to be catalytic. hence reacti\e. 
TherefOre. DNA chemically is less reactive and structurally rrore stable 
when compared to RNA. TherefOre. orrong the t v.o nucleic aCids. the DNA 
is a better genetic materiaL 
In fact. llie presence of tll.ymine at llie place of uracil also confers 
additional stability to DNA (Detailed discusSion about this requires 
understanding of the process of repair in DNA. and you will study these 
processes in higher classes.) 
Both DNA and RNA are able to mutate. In fact. RNA being unstable. 
nrutate at a faster rate. Oonsequently. Viruses ha~gRNA g.nome and 
haVing shorter life span nrutate ande\01\e faster. 
RNA can directly code fbr the syntheSis of proteins, hence con easily 
express the characters. DNA. ho1A"'er. is dependent on RNA for synthesis 
of proteins. The protein synthesiSing machinery has e\Olved around RNA 
The abme discussiOn indicate tllat botll. RNA and. DNA can function as 
r 
SIOLOGY 
genetic materi3.1, but DNA being rrore sU>ble is preferred for stor•!l' of 
genetic information. For llie tr.msmi.ssion of genetic in1brmation. RNA 
is bet~. 
6. f:l RNA WOR:l.·D 
From. tbregcring discusSion . .m imrrediate question becomes eVident­
which is the first genetic materi3.1? It shall be discussed in deU>U in the 
chapter on chemical erolution, but briefly. we shall highlight sorre of the 
facts and p:>ints. 
RNA was the first !!'netic matenal. Thereisnow enough e<ldence to 
suggest tll.at essential life processes (such as aetatohsm.. tr.mslation. 
,-----------------, splicing. etc.). evolved around RNA. RNA used to act as 
a &enetic material as well as a caWyst (tll.ere are sorre 
important biOchemical reactions in li<~ng systems that 
are catolysed by RNA catolysts and not by protein 
enzyrres). But. RNA being • catolyst was reactile and 
hence unsU>ble. Thererore. DNA has e\Olved from RNA 
witll. chemical m:di6. cations tll. at m.a1ce it nure stable. 
DNA being cbuble stranded and haVing oomplerrenU>ry 
strand further resists changes by evolVing a process of 
repo;r. 
6.4 REPLICl!."l'lON 
While prop::>sing the cbuble helical structure fbr DNA. 
Watson and Crick had irnrrediatelyprcposed • scheme 
for replication of DNA 1b quote their origin3l staterrent 
that is as tbllows: 
'1t has not escaped. our notice tll..at llie specific 
pairing we hale postulated inUrediately suggests • 
possible copying rrechanism for the genetic materi3J• 
(Watson and Crick. 1953). 
The scherre suggested that the t"o strands would 
separate and act as a template for llie s}'ntll.esis of new 
';;Fi,-. g=rur=e""'s"".""s:-;;W;,:a:-t s"'o"'n--""c"rt"'c"'k""'m,..-,o""de"l"'fo-='r c om.ple rren t.a ry st r.md.s. After tll.e c om.ple lion of 
semtconser.,.au ... e DNA replication. each DNA molecule would. have one 
repltcatton parental and. one newly S}'nthesised. str.md.. This 
scherre was termed. as semlconservaUve DNA 
replication (Figure 6. 6). 
6.4-.1 The Expel'imental Proof 
!tis now praen that DNA replicates semccnserw.ti,ely. It was shown first in 
Esd\eri.CN.a.coU and subsequently in higher organisms. such as plants 
MOlECUlA! SAtiS Of I....:HEHANCE 
ond hum:m cells. Matthew Meselson ond Fronlilin SU.hl perrorrred the 
fOllowing e:<pertrrent in 1958: 
(i) They~E. cOO: in arrediwnc01l1.3ming "NH,.Cl ("Nistheheavy 
isotope of nitrogen) as the only nitrogen source for many 
g.nerations. The result was that 1'N was incorpcrated into newly 
syntheSised DNA (as «»ll as ctherni\ro!l'll ccnwrung cCfll!DUilds). 
This heavyDNArrolecule oould be disuneushed trcm thenorrml 
DNAbycentnfugation in a ceSiwnc- (CsQ) denSity groctent 
(Aea.se note tllat UN' is not a. r.adioo.ctive isotope . .and. it can te 
seporated from 1'N only based en denSities). 
(ii) Then they transferred the cells into a medium With normal 
14Nli,.Cl.md. took samples a.t VM'iOUS refinite tin-e interv.als 3.S 
the cells multiplied, ond extracted the DNA that remained as 
cbuble-str.mcted.hehces. The vM'iOus s.arnples were sepa.ra.ted. 
independently on CsCl gradients to measure the denSities of 
DNA(Fi~re6.7). 
Cat\ gou recall, what centrifUtJal. force <s. at\d. tlVnl<: wlvJ a 
m>!ecule ~h IVBher JmSS/ d.ensitg would. sediment Jaster? 
The results .are shown in Figure 6.7. 
tltau ' t 
Figure 6.7 Messelson ~ St3hl's Expenroe:nt 
(iii) Thus. the DNA that wa.s extra.cted. from tll.e culture one 
generation after the transfer from "N to "N rrediwn [that is 
after 20 minutes: E. coUdiVides in 20 minutes) had a hybrid or 
intermediate density. DNA extracted from the culture after 
another generation (that is oiler 40 minutes. D generation) was 
r 
SIOLOGY 
composed of eqU3.1 orrounts of this h)'brid DNA ond of 1ight' 
DNA 
if E. CoU was allowed. to 9row for 80 mnutes then what wocdd. be tMe 
proportiOns of U9ht and lvJbri.d densiti.es DNA m>!ecute? 
Very simil3r expenrrents involVing use of radioac\i\e th)midine to 
detect distrtbution of newly syntllesised DNA in llie chronDsorres was 
perforrred on Vidn.faba (faba beons) by Taylor and colleagues in 1958. 
The expenrrents provEd that the DNA in chrorrosorres also replicate 
semi. conservati \ely. 
6.4.2 The Machinery and the Enzymes 
In liVing cells. such .as E. coli.. tll.e process of replic.ation requires .a set of 
catalysts (enz:yrres). The main enzyrre is referred to as DNA-dependent 
DNA polymerase. since it uses .a DNA template to c.at.alyse the 
polymensa\ion of deO>=Jinucleotides. These enzyrres are highly efficient 
enzymes as they have to ca\alyse pol:yrrensa\ion of a !Mge nwnber of 
nuclectiresina \erysh.or\ tirre. E. coU\het hasonly4.6 x 108 bp (compare 
it Willi human whose diplOid. content is 6.6 x 109 bp). completes llie 
process of replication '»itll.in 38 minutes: tllat rreans the .aver.age rate of 
pol:yrrensation has to be appro'<im>tely 2000 bp per second. Not only do 
these pd:ym;rases h><e to be last. but they also h><e to ca\al:yse \he reaction 
with high degree of accuracy. Anymistal<e dunng replication v.ould result 
into mut..atim s. Furthemo;e, energeti c.ally replic.ation is .a \erye:..:pensive 
process. Deo."JJribonu cleo Sire \I! phosphates sene dual purposes. In 
addition to acting as substrates. they proo.de energy for polymertsation 
reaction (thetwotellllinal phosphates in a reo.")'llucleoSide tnphosphates 
are high-energy phosphates. sarre as in case of ATP). 
In addition to DNA-dependent DNA pol:yrrerases. m:my additional 
enzymes are required to complete the process of replication With high 
degree of accuracy. For long DNA molecules. Since the two stronds of 
DNA connot be seporated in its entire length (due to \ery high energy 
requirement). the replication occur Within a small opening of the DNA 
helix. referred. to .as repllcatlon fork. The DNA-dependent DNA 
pol:yrrerases catalyse pol:yrrensation only in one direction. \he\ is 5 · ~ 3 ·. 
This creates some .addition.al complications .at llie replicating fork. 
OJnsequenUy. on one strand (the template with polarity 3'~5'). the 
replication is continuous. while on tll.e other (llie template Willi 
pol.arity 5' -73'). it is discontinuous. The discontinuously synlliesised. 
fr>grrents are later jOined by the enzyrre DNA ligase (Figure 6.8). 
The DNA polyrrerases on llieir own cannot initiate the process of 
replication. Also the replication ctces not initiate r.and.omly at .anyplace 
in DNA. There is .a definite regiOn in E. cotlDNA where llierephc.ation 
originates. Such regions .are terrrect .as orlgln of replicatlon. It is 
MOLICULAI US:«$ Of INHU IANC f 
because of the requirement of the <rigiD of 
repUcaUcn that a piece of DNA if needed tD be 
propagatecl eluting retmlbinant DNA proceelure s. 
"'!uites a vector. The vectors proVide the ong;n ol 
replication . 
Further. not every det3il of repli cation is 
understDIXI well. In euk3cyotes. the repllcat;on ol 
DNA tol<.es place at S-phase ol the cell-cycle. The 
~epUcauono!DNAand cell di~siOn cycle should be 
highly co:>rdin3ted. A failure in cell diVisiOn after c-..... 
DNA repllc• lion results into polyploidY( • 
chrornosorrw• norrwy). You Willleorn the detoiled 
natuR! ofort~n•nd the processes occurnng •tlhis 
Oite.ln hlgller cl•sses. 
6. 0 1'RA"'-'>':mP?.tON 
The process a oopyingf!I!'DetiC infcrmatioo from one 
strand of the DNA into RNA is termed as 
t ra.nscrtptton . Here also. the prinCiple o! 
CUtipo,.n!nlall\y gaoems the process a trmsatplicn. eo<cept the adenoSine 
rcw !onns base p3ir with uracil in stead a! thytn ne. Howe~r. unlike in 
lheprocesso!replic.aUon. which ooce !elin.lhe t.oW DNAo! an ocgan;,;m 
gets dupll cated. In tran scripUon only a segment ol DNA and only one af 
the strands is copied into RNA. This necessilote s defining the toundo nes 
that would derrl>rcote the regiOn and the strand af DNA that would be 
tronscn bed. 
Why both the str•nds •re not copied dunng tran sCriptiOn has the 
Oifll'le ans wer. First. if both strands •ct • leflllla te. they would code for 
RNA rtl)lecule Wilhdifrerent sequences (Rerrember complemonl>ritydoes 
not mean identicol). 3nd In tum. if they cede for protein s. the sequence af 
aminO acids In the proteins ""'-lid be difrerenl. Hence. one se~t af the 
DNA would be co:llngfort=difi"erent proteins. and this wQ.lld COflllllcate 
In! genetic inbma.Uon trmsrermochlnety . Second.. the twoRNArrolecules 
il pn:x:luced Simult..aneousty w:IUkt be toillJ'Etl:eaJt.arytoeaehother. hence 
would form a double stranded RNA This would pnvent RNA from being 
translated into protein and the e>ereiSe a transcripl.lcn woulcl be care a 
tuUloone . 
6.5.1 Transcription Unit 
A transcription unit In DNA is defined primaril y by the three regiOns in 
the DNA: 
(i) APIOJIOler 
(U) The Struct ur31 gene 
(iii) A Termina tor 
a· 
r 
SIOLOGY 
There is a con\ention in defil'lirlg llie two strands of tll.e DNA in tll.e 
structural ~neof a trmscri.ption unit Sincellie tv.o str.mctshave opposite 
pol~rity mel the DNA-dependent RNA polymense ~lso ca~yse the 
polymeris~tiOn in only one direction, that is. 5' ->3', the str•nd that has 
the polarity3' ....&' •cts •s • template. mel is also referred to •s template 
stiand. The other strand which has the polarity (5' ->3 ') •nd the sequence 
some •s RNA (except thJmine •t the place of ur•cil). is displ•cect dW'ing 
tr•nscrip\ion. Str>ngely. this strand (which does not rode fbr anything) 
is referred to •s codlngstiand. All the reference pOint while defining • 
transcription Wl.it is made witll. ceding str.md To e:...:plain llie pOint. a 
hypotll.etical sequence from. a tr.m scription Wl.i tis represented. below: 
3' -ATGCATGCATGCATGCATGCATGC-5' Template Strand 
5' -TACGTACGTACGTACGTACGTACG-3' Oxling Str•nd 
Con gou now wl"(te the sequence ofFNA transcribed. from o.booe DNA? 
S'" ::::::.> ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;,,,. t--:::::r·· :::::::::::::::::::::. ·::::::::::;;;;; ....... :::::.>•. :::::::.w:: ::;. ::::::::::::::::::;. ::::~ .. ~~ 
Fis,'"1..t!e 69 Schematic structure of a tr~p11on Wlit 
The promoter •nd termlnaror Oank the structural gene in • 
transcription Wl.it. The promoter is said. to be located. towMds 5' -end. 
(upstreom) of the structural ~ne (the reference is made with respect to 
the polantyof ooding strand). It is • DNA sequence that provides binding 
site fbr RNA polyrrerase. and. it is tll.e presence of a promoter in a 
transcription Wlit that •lsodefines the template •nd coding strands. By 
sWitching its posi\icn With tennillator, thedefini1ion of ceding and template 
strands could. be reversed. The terminator is located. towMds 3" -end. 
(downstreorn) of the =ling strand and it usu•IIY defines the end of the 
process of transcription (Figure 6.9). There are •dditional regulatory 
sequences that maybe present further upstream. or downstream to tll.e 
promJter. Sorreof llie properties oflliese sequences shall te discussed. 
while dealing With reguJ•tionof gene e:<pressiOn. 
6. 5. 2 'l'rans.xtiptio:n U1tit. and the Gen<' 
A gene is defined •s the functional Wlit of inhentance. Though there is no 
•mbigUity that the genes are loc•tedon the DNA. it is diflicul\ to literally 
MOlECUlA! SASIS Of INHEHANCE 
refine a gene in terms of DNA sequence. The DNA sequence a:ding for 
tRNAor !RNA rrolecule also define a gene. Hov.,,erbydefininga clstron 
3s 3 segment of DNA ceding for 3 polypeptide. the structur3l gene in 3 
transcription Wlit could be saidasmonoclslronlc(mosUyineuk3Ilotes) 
or polyclstronlc (rmsUy in bacteria or prokoiyotes). In eukoryotes. the 
nDnOcistronic structur.al genes ha \e interrupted. ceding sequences -Ole 
genes in euk.aryotes .are split. The ceding sequences or expressed. 
sequences .are defined .as ex-ons. &v.ons .are s.aid to be lliose sequence 
that appear in mature or processed RNA The e:-ronsare interrupted by 
introns. Introns or intervenir'lg sequences do not .appe.ar in mature or 
processed RNA The split-gene arrangerrent further complicates the 
refinitiOn of a gene in terms of a DNA segrrent. 
Inherttmce ot .a ch.ar.acter is .also .affected by pi""'C4 .. lrto:.tter .and. regulatory 
sequences of a structural gene. Hence. sornetirre the regulatory sequences 
are loosely defined as regulatory genes. e'en though these sequences cb 
not cede for any RNA or protein. 
6.5. 3 Types of RNA and the process of Transcription 
In bacteria. there are three major twes of RNAs: mRNA (rresseng.r RNA). 
tRNA (transfer RNA). and rRNA (ribosomal RNA). All three RNAs are 
neered to synthesise a protein in a cell. The mRNA provides the template. 
tRNA brings arninoacids and reads the genetic cede. and rRNAs play 
structural .and. catalytic role during translatiOn. There is single 
DNA.ctepenrent RNApolyrrerase that catalyses transcriptiOn of all types 
of RNA in bacteria. RNA polyrrerase binds to promoter and initiates 
transCription ~nltlaUon). It uses nucleoside triphosphates as substrate 
--
Fig,-ure 6.10 Process of Tr.cmscripUon tn. 8actE:rta 
r 
SIOLOGY 
and polyrrenses in a template depended fashiOn follOWing the rule of 
cornplerrentanty. It sorrehow also faCilitates opening of the helix and 
con lin ues elongation. Only a short stretch of RNA rerroln s bound to the 
enzjme. Once the polyrrerases reaches the terminator regiOn. the nascent 
RNAfallso1!. so alsotheRNApolyrrerase. This results in termination of 
trans cnption. 
An intriguing question is that how is tll.e RNA polymer.ases .able 
to c.at.alyse .all the tll.ree steps. which .are initiation. elongation .and. 
termination. The RNA polymerase is only capable of catalys;ng the 
process of elongation. It assoCiates tranSiently With lnttlaUon-facror (cr) 
and termination-factor (p) toinitiateand terminate the transcription. 
respectively. AssociatiOn with tll.ese factors .alter tll.e specificity ot tll.e 
RNA polyrrerase to either initiate or terminate (Figure 6.1 0). 
In bacteria. since the mRNAcbesnotrequireanyprocessingtobecorre 
.active . .and .also since tr.mseription .and. tr.msl.ation l3ke place in llie sarre 
cornpartrren t (there is no separation of cytosol and nucleus in bacteria). 
many times the translation can begin nruch berore the mRNA is fully 
trans en bed O:>nsequenlly. the transCriptiOn and translation can be coupled 
in bacteria. 
In euk.acyotes.lliere .are two .additional complexities -
(i) There areatleast threeRNApolymerasesin the nucleus (in additiOn 
to the RNA polymerase found in the organelles). There is a clear 
cut di~siOn of labour. The RNA polyrrerase I transCribes rRNAs 
Figw:e 6.11 Prooess of 'n'<mSCription in Eul<Myotes 
MOl!CUL.U UtiS Of INHflU, NCf 
(28S. ISS. and S.8Sj. whereas tile RNA polyrrera seiD Is responSible 
fer lran•erlpllon ct tRNA. SsrRNA. md sn.RNA.s (omau n uclear 
RNI\ij . The RNA payrnerase II transcribes precursa a ~A. tile 
h etero geneous nuclear RNA (hnRNA). 
(ii) The second comple Xity is that the pnma ry tran scripts con \>in both 
the exons and the introns and are non-fun ctional. Hence. it is 
subjecle:l loa process c311edspl1cb1gwhere theinlrons are rerroved 
and el<Ons ore jOined 1n a defined order . hnRNA underg o t<MJ 
acldltiona l procesSing called as capping and tailing . In capping an 
unusual n ucleotide (rrethyl guanosine tripho sphate ) Is acld>d lot he 
&'-enclofh nRNA In talllng. adenylatereSidu es (200-300) ore adred 
a t 3'-encltn a template independent manne r.lt is the fully process ed 
hnRNA. now called mRNA. thatis tran sported out of the nucleus for 
translation [Figure 6. 11). 
The stgntfica n ce of such complex ities is now begtnntng to be 
unclersto:xl The spllt -gene arr.u>gerrents repre sent probably an anCient 
feature a the geuon e . The presence of introns iS remnistenl ct antiqUity. 
and the proceos ct spliCing represen ts the clomirun ce ctRNA ... oorld. In 
rece.nl times. the undersl•ndingct RNAancl RNA-dependent proceoses 
In the 1Mngoystemba 1e assunedm:reimportance . 
Durtng replica tion and transCription a nucleic acid was copied to fiJrm 
another nucleic acid. Hence. these processes are euy to eonceptualise 
on the bam of complerrentanty. The process of \ranslation reqUires 
transfer of genetic inlbrmation frorna pol:yrrerof nucleoticles to a polyrrer 
of •mtno acids. Neither does any complemen tarity exist be t~o~,en 
nucleotides and .mnoacids. nor couldanybe dra wn theoretically . There 
eXisted ample evidences. though. to support the notion that change 1n 
nuclei c aCids (genetic =~l '-"'to respon Sible u changetn..-nino aCids 
In proteins . Thlsled to the proposition of a ~netic code that could direct 
the sequence of aminO aCids dunng synthesis of proteins . 
If delemintng the biOChemical nature of geneti c matertol and the 
structure ct DNA was "''1' exCiting. the (XllpOSilion and cleeiphertng ct 
geneuc code ""re aDSt chall en~ng In a "''1' true sense. It reqUired 
ln110M>rrent ct sCientists from~ disCiplines- ph:ysieiots. crgmic 
chemists. bio<l>emsls anclgerteUeists. l\ was George Gam:.w. a phJISieisl. 
Who argued that Since there are only 4 bases and if they have to code for 
20 amino acids. the code should constitute a oornbinationofbases. He 
suggested thatlnorder\o code u all the 20 aminO aCids. the code shouid 
be made up of three nueleotides. Thls was a "''l'bolc1 propooltion. because 
a perm.ttation combination of 4• (4 x 4 x 4) would generate 64 codon s: 
generating many more codons than reqUired. 
Providing proof that the codon was a triplet . was a more daunting 
task . The chemic al rrethod de~eloped by Ha r Cbblncl Khorana was 
SIOLOGY 
instrurren\3.1 in syntheSiSing RNA rrolecules With defined oombinalions 
of bases (homopolyrrers ond copolyrrers). Marshall Nirenberg's cell-free 
system ror protein synthesis finally helped the o:x!e to be deciphered. 
Severo Ochoa enzyme (polynucleotide phosphorylase) was also helpful 
in pol:ytrenSing RNA With refined sequences in a template independent 
manner (enzymatic synthesis of RNA). Finally a checker-board fer !!'netic 
cede W3.S prepared. which is given in T3.ble 6. 1. 
13.bJe6.1: TheCodons. for the Vaxiou.s. Amino Acids. 
.... -T -- T e • 
" 
A 0 
wu- I1CU l!lor llAD ,.,. ucu c,. ~ we l'llo U(:C .... UAC.,.. we cro 
11111\ ""' VC480t 11M 8101> UQo!. 80"11 
~ wo ""' Vt'Qk IIAO 8101> IIQQ Tip 
CliD IAN 00/J ..... c.w l!lo CQU ... 
~ cue 1.oa OCCPn eN! lllo ()(IC .... 
(!UA ..... OCAP:o CM em OCA.aq 
~ WQ(.OU <:>CO ... <:1\Q 011>. OQQ.6q 
A 
AW Do IDJ'nlr MU- JJ:IU acr ~ KDCIIo N:;C 'Dir 
--
ADCa.r 
AlX&IIo 
~-
MA 1,\oJ .- ... ~ N10-
--
t.NJ, ~ .61)<; .... 
GUll 'Nl QCII Jl& <lAUIIItf OGO <lb' ~ ovc 11'11. GCC Ala QAC ,.,. ooc Olr 
OIIAW GC& Ala QAA Clhl QGo\ Gllr 
~ QUO 'flo) (ICQ Ala GAO Clhl O<»GI.r 
0 
The salient fe3.tures of ,genetic cede are 3.S fOllows: 
(i) The ccdcn is tnplet. 61 axl:ns cede tcr omno aci:ls ond 3 codonsdo 
not core fer anyorninO acids. hence they function as stop codons. 
(ii) One codon cedes fbr only one .amino .acid.. hence. it is 
unam blguous and spec111c. 
(iii) Serre .aminO .acids .are ceded by m:re tl'wl one cocbn. hence 
tll.e cede is degenerate. 
(iv) The cocbn is re.ad. in mRNA in .a contiguous fashiOn. There .are 
no pWl.ctu.ations. 
(v) The code is neortyunlvexsal: fer.,<ample. frombactena to human 
uuu would core fbr Alenylalanine (phe). 9:>rre "'<ceplionS to this 
rule have been fOund in mitochondrtal codons. ond in sorre 
protozoans. 
(Vi) AUG has dual functions. It cores fbr Methionine (rret) • ond it 
.also .act .as in.Jtlator co:bn. 
If foU.Owing <s the sequence of nuc!eoti.des in mRNA, predict the 
sequence of amino aci.d coded. bg <t (talce hetp of the chec~rboo.rd.): 
-AUG uuu uuc we uuu uuu uuc-
MOlECUlA! SASIS Of INHEHANCE 
Now erg the opposite. FoU.OUAT\9 <s the sequence of amino adds coded 
bg mRNA Predid. the sequence of nudeoti.d.e in the RNA· 
Met-Ptle-Phe.Phe.Phe-Ptle-Phe 
Do goufa.ce ang dijfomltg in predid.in9 the opposite? 
Can gou, now corr<l.al.e u:N.d\ !wo properties oj genet(C code gou, ruwe 
learnt? 
6.6.1 Mutations and Genetic Code 
The relati:>nships between g>nes ondDNAore best uncl>rsto::d bynrutation 
studies. Ycu have studied •tout nruta\icn 3Jld ~sefiect in Chapter 5. Effects 
of !Mge deletions 3Jld reorrangemmts in • segment of DNA ore e•sy to 
oomprehend It may result in loss or g>in of • g>ne 3Jld so • function. The 
effect of pOint nrutations Will be explained here. A cl•ssical "'<•mple of 
p:>int nrutation is • change of single b•se pair in the g>ne fbr beta globin 
cham that results in the change of orninO •cid residue glutamate to valine. 
It results into • dise•sed oondi\ion called •s slcllle cell anemia. Efiect of 
p:lint mutations tllat inserts or reletes .a base in structural gene can be 
better understood by fOllowing simple exornple. 
Consider • statement that is made up of the follOWing "ords each 
haVing thm letters llk.; g>netic co:le. 
RAJ\1 HAS RED CAP 
If"" insert •letter Bin between HAS •nct RED 3Jld rearrange the 
statems:nt. it v.o.dd. react .as follows: 
RAJ\1 HAS BRE DCA P 
Similarly. if"" now insert two letters •t the sorre plaoe, sayBl'. Now it 
'-'>'OU ld. re .act. 
RAJ\1 HAS Bm EDC AP 
Now ""insert three letters together. s•yBIG. the statement would read 
RAJ\1 HAS BIG RED CAP 
The sorre "'<ercise can be repe•ted. by deleting the letters R. E 3Jld D. 
one by one 3Jld rearr•ngmg the staterrent to make • triplet "ord. 
RAJ\1 HAS EDC AP 
RAJ\1 HAS DCA P 
RAJ\1 HAS CAP 
The concluSiOn fran tll.e .aba.-e e:.rerciSe is \ety obVious. InsertiOn or 
deletion of one or two b•ses changes the reading frame from the pOint of 
insertiOn or deletion. Insertion or deletion of Uuee or its multiple bases 
r 
SIOLOGY 
insert or delete one or multiple ccdon hence one or multiple a.minO a.Cids. 
•nd reading frome rernains unaltered from that pOint onwords. Such 
mutations are referred to •s li:ame-shlft lru;e!tlon cr deletion m uta ttons. 
This fOrms the genetic bo.Sisofproofthat cc:don is • trtplet •ndit is read 
in a. contiguous ma.rmer. 
6.6.2 tRNA-tlte Adapter Molecule 
From the very beginning of the propoSition of code, it w•s cleM toFronCis 
Orick th•t there has to be •rrechanism to read the axte and also to link it 
to tll.e a. minO a.cids. te cau se .aminO a.Cids have no structura.l spe Ci 3litie s to 
read the code Wliquely. He postulated the presence of on adapter rrolecule 
that v.ould on one hand read the code •nd on other hand v.ould bind 
to speCific ominO •eids. The tRNA. then called sRNA (soluble RNA). 
wa.s knCJt..tJn before llie genetic cede w.as postulated However. its role 
Ill 
A.UO 
s·---.. t~o.~?.v ...... """-""•-----""f.?"""''"-"" ___ :1' 
Fis,-ure 6.12 tRNA- ilie adapter molecule 
a.s an 3.d.a.pter m:decule w.as 
•ss;gnect much later. 
tRNA has an anticodon 
loop tha.t ha.s ba.ses 
oomplerrentaryto the code • 
.mct it a.lso has a.n amino 
acid accepter end to which 
it binds to amino acids. 
tRNAs a.re speCific tor ea.ch 
ornino •cid (Figure 6. 12). 
For initia.tion. there is 
.mcther speCific tRNA tllat is 
referred. to a.s initlator 
tRNA. There are no tRNAs 
fOr stop codOns. In figure 
6. 12. the second•ry 
structure of tRNAhas been 
depicted that looks lll<e • clmer-le•f. In •ctual structure. the tRNA is • 
comp•ct rrolecule which looks likein\ertedl.,. 
6. 1 'fR:ANSLATim; 
'IlanslaUon refers to the process of pol:yrrertsalion of ominO •eids to 
form • polypeptide (Fi~re 6. 13). The Older and sequence of •minD •cids 
a.re defined. by llie sequence of ba.ses in llie mRNA The .aminO a.cid.s are 
joined by • bond which is known •s • peptide bond. Forrn>.tion of • 
peptide bond requires energy. Therefore. in the first phase itself ominO 
aCids are acti\>ated in the presence ot ATP and linked to their cognate 
tRNA-• process commonly c•lled •s charging of tRNA or 
amlnoacylaUon of tRNA to be rrore speCific. U two such charged tRNAs 
•re brought close enough. the formation of peptide bond between them 
MOlECUlA! SAtiS Of I....:HEHANCE 
~MJU!d be favoured energetically. The 
presence of .a catalyst would. enhance 
the rate of peptide bond forrMtiOl'l. 
The cellu!M factory responsible ror 
synthesising proteins is llie ri.bosorre. 
The ri.bosorre conSists of structural 
RNAs and a tout 80 different proteins. 
hl. its in.actin~ state. it eXists .as tloi.'O 
subwl.its: .a large subwl.it .and .a small 
subunit. When tll.e small subunit 
encounters .m mRNA llie process of 
translation of the mRNA to protein 
begins. There .are two sites in tll.e large 
subwl.it. for subsequent .aminO .aCids 
to bind to .and tll.us. be close enough Figw:e 6.13 n~aUon 
to each otll.er for llie formation of .a 
peptide bond. The ribosome also actsas a catalyst (23SrRNA in bacteria 
is the enzJme- nbozyme) for the formation of peptide l:ond. 
A tr.msl.ation.al Wl.it in mRNA is llie sequence of RNA tll..at is O.anked. 
bY the stort codon (AUG) and the stop codon and codesror a polypeptide. 
An mRNA .also has sorre .additional sequences Ul..at .are not tr.msl.atect 
and are referred as untiansl>red regions (U'IR). The UTRs are present 
at both 5' -end (before start codon) and at 3' -end (3iter stop oodon). They 
.are required fOr efficient tr.msl.ation process. 
For initiation, the nl:osorre binds to the mRNA at the stort codon (AUG) 
that is recc:gn;sed only by the initiator tRNA The ril:osorre proceeds to the 
elongation phase of protein synthesis. During this stage. compler.es 
composed of an amino acid linked to tRNA. sequentially bind to the 
appropriate codon in mRNA bY rormng oomplemmtary base pairs With 
the tRNAantioodon. Thenbosorre rrovesfrorncodon to codon along the 
mRNA Amino acids are added one bY one. translated into Polypeptide 
sequences dictatedbyDNAand represented bJ'mRNA f>J. the end. a release 
!acrorbinds to the stop codon. terminating translation and releasing the 
oomplete polypeptide from the nbosorre. 
~lion of genee"Pression refers to a \erybro.ad term that may occur 
at vanous le\els. a:nsidertng that gene "'<pression results in the rormation 
of a polypeptide. it can be regulated at several levels. In euka110tes. the 
regulation could be er.erted at 
(i) transcnptionallevel (rormationof pnmary transCript), 
(u) processing le\el (re~lation of spliCing), 
(iii) transport of mRNA from nucleus to the cytoplasm. 
(i\j translationallevel. 
r 
SIOLOGY 
The genes in .a cell are expressed to perform .a particular fWl.ction or .a 
set of functions. For example. if an enzyme called beta-galactosidase is 
SJ!l'lthesised bJI E. coU. it is used to eaUlJ!se the hydrolJ!sis of a 
dis.acch.aricte.l.actose into gmctose .and glucose~ tll.e bacteria use lliem 
.as .a sOW"ce of energy. Hence. if llie b.actert.a cb not have lactose .arow1d. 
them to be utilised fi:Jr energy source. they """ld no longer require the 
synthesis of the enzyrre beta-g3lactosid3se. Therefi:Jre, in simple terms. 
it is the metabolic. phys~col crenwonrrentol conditions th3t re~late 
the expresSiOn of g.nes. The development 3nd differen U..tion of embiJ-<l 
into 3dult OQ!3nisrns 3re olso 3 result of the cc:ordino.ted regulation of 
expresSion of se,er.al sets of ~nes. 
In prok3J10les. oontrol of the r3te of trmscriptionol iniU..tion is the 
preciornirwlt site fbr control of gene e:..:pressiOn. In .a transcrtptiOn Wl.il. 
the 3CtiVity of RNA polyrrero.se 3t 3 given promoter is in turn regul3ted 
byintero.ction With 3ccessoryproteins, which o!fect its 3bilityto recognise 
stort Sites. 1hesere~latory proteins C3n 3ct both poSitively (3ctiv3tors) 
3nd neg3tively (repressors). The 3ccesSibility of promoter regions of 
prok31j<ltic DNA is in mmy c3ses regul3ted by the inter3ction of proteins 
witll. sequences termed opera tors. The operator region is .adjacent to the 
prom:.ter elements in nDst operons .and in nust cases tll.e sequences of 
tll.e operator bind. .a repressor protein. Each operon has its specific 
oper3lor 3nd specific repressor. For exornple. !acopero.tor is present 
only in the lac"ff'ron3ndit intero.cts specifiC3llJ'With lacrepressoronly. 
6.8.l 1'lte Lac operon 
The elu Cid..ation c1. llie lac operon was .also .a result of .a close .assoCiation 
bet"""" 3 g.neticiS~ Fl"3nOOiSJ3cob 3003 bi0Chemist,J3<Xjue- They 
""re tJ-e first toeluci:lo.te3 trmscnptionallyregul3tedsystem In lacoperon 
(here !acreferestol3ctose). 3 polyeistronic structurol g.neis regul3tedby 3 
CU Ill I U I pi Oil Oler .and tegul.atcry ~ S. Such .arr.ar&gerre:nt iS \ety COl I U U I 
in b.actert.a .and is referred to .as operon. lb name few such e::-:.amples. lac 
operon. !7poperon. ara.Ofl'ron. ho:s"ff'ron. ooloperon. etc. 
The lac operon consists of one regul3tory gene (the (gene- here the 
term ( d:es not refer to inducer. r.atll.er it iS rertvect from llie lol.ord. inh.ibitu") 
3nd three structurolgenes (z. g. 3nd a). The (gene codes fi:Jr the repressor 
of the !ac Ofl'rOil. The z gene codes fi:Jrbeta-gmctosid3se (13-go.l). which 
is primanly responsible for the hJ-<IrolySis of the diS3cch3nde.l3ctose 
into its nDfiOi"'''ee"ic W\its. gmctose and. glucose. The g gene cedes fbr 
pem-e.ase. which incre..ases permeability of tll.e cell to p.g3J..actosides. The 
a. gene enccdes .a transacetylase. Hence . .allllie tll.ree gene prcducts in 
lac operon 3rerequired fi:Jrmetabolismoflactose. In rmst otheroperons 
3S well, the genes present in the Ofl'rOil 3re needed together to function 
in the sMne or related rretabolic p3thW3J' (Figure 6. 14). 
MOlECUlA! SASIS Of INHEHANCE 
t I Pill • 7 I a 
I Rcpa tdoda Q) th.c 5 
&l3d ........ RNA. pel) 
b-O>fb,fu.o--
.. __ .,. ...... ,_ 
hlrt , (ot 
w6ram 
Lactose is llie substrate tor llie enz}me bet.a-g.alactosid..ase .and. it 
re~tes sWitching on ondoff of the cpercn. Hence. ilis terrrect •s Inducer. 
hl. tll.e .absence of .a preferred. carbon SOW"ce such .as glucose. if lactose is 
provided in the gowth rrediwnof the b•ctena. the lactose is transp:rted 
into the cells throu!')l the •ctionof perrre•se (Remember. • \etylow level 
of e:<presSion of !a.c operon has to be present in the cell .U the tirre. 
otll.ef'Wise lactose c.armot enter tll.e cells). The lactose then induces llie 
operon in the follOWing manner. 
The repressor of the operon is syntheSised (.U·the·tirre- oonstiluti\ell') 
from the i gene. The repressor protein binds to the oper•tor reg; on of the 
operon •nd prevents RNA polyrrer•se from transcribing the operon. In 
llie presence of an inducer. such .as lactose or 3llol..actose.llie repressor is 
in.activ.ated by interaction Wi tll. llie inducer. This allows RNA polyrrer.ase 
.access to tll.e pronDter and. transcription proceeds (Figure 6.14). 
Essentially. regulation of lac operon can .also be Visualised. .as regulation 
of enzyrre syntll.esis by its su bstr.ate. 
Remember, glucose or galactose oon.not o.d as (nducers for la..c 
operon. Can. gou t'Nnkfor how long the lac operon ux:>uld be expressed 
in the presence of !altose? 
Regul•tion of !a.c operon by repressor is referred to •s negative 
regulation. Lacop3ron is under control of poSitive regulation .as well. 
but it is teyonct llie scope of discussion .at tll.is level. 
r 
SIOLOGY 
In llie preceding sections you have learnt tll.at it is llie sequence of bases 
in DNA that determines the g.ne\ic infOrmation of a g;ven organism In 
otll.er '-l.ord.s. genetic make-up of .m org.mism.or .m indiVidual lies in tll.e 
DNAsequences.lf\woindi<ldualsdiffer. then their DNA sequences should 
also be different. at least at sorre places. These assumptions led to llie 
quest of finding out the oomplete DNA sequence of humangenorre. With 
the establlsluren t of g. netic engineering techniques where it was possible 
to isolate and clooe any piece of DNA and avo;] ability of simple and fast 
techniques fbr determining DNA sequences. a •ery ornbi\ious project of 
sequencing human g.nome was launched in the yeor I g;)0. 
Human G<mome Project (HGFj was collect a mega project. You can 
imagine the ma~itude and the requirements fbr the project if we simply 
define the aimS of the project as fOllows: 
Human genorre is said to ha•e appro'!imately 3 x I 0" bp. and if the 
cost of sequencing required is US $ 3 per bp (the estimated cost in the 
beginning). the total estimated cost of the project would be appro'!imately 
9 billion USc\ollars. Further. if the obtained sequences were to be stored 
in typed fbrm in books. and if each page of the book contained I 000 
letters and each book contained I 000 pages. then 3300 such books v.ould 
be required to store the infOrmation of DNA sequence from a single human 
cell. The enorrrous ornount of data "'<peeled to be generated also 
necesSitated the use of high speed computational devices for data storage 
and. retrieval. and. .malysis. HGP w.as closely associated. lol.lith llie rapid. 
delelopment of a new area in biOlogy called. as Blotnformatlc:s. 
G<>als of HGP 
Sorreoftheimportant goalsofHGPwere as follows: 
(i) Identify all the appro'!imately20.000·25.000genesin human DNA; 
(il) Determine the sequences of the 3 billion chemical base pairS that 
mal<e up human DNA; 
(ilil) Store this inft:>rrnation in databases: 
(i \.) Improve tools for data analySis: 
(\.) Transfer related technologies to other sectors. such as industries: 
(Vi) Address the ethical. legal. and social issues (ELSI) that may onse 
from the project. 
The Human Genorre Froject was a 13.yeor project cooldinated bY 
the U.S. DeportrrentofEnergy and the National Institute of Health. During 
the eorly yeors of the HGP. the \1\ellcorne Trust (U.K.) becarre a major 
partner; additional contributions came from Japan. Franre. Germany. 
China and others. The project was completed in 2003. K.nowleclge about 
the effects of DNA vonations om:>ngindi<lduals can lead to re\Olu\ionaty 
new ways to diagnose. treat and sorreday prevent the thousands of 
MOlECUlA! SAtiS Of I....:HEHANCE 
disorders that a.ffect huma.n beings. Besides proViding clues to 
WldersU>nding human biology. learning al:out non-human organisms 
DNA sequences em lead to an und3rsl3nding of their natural capabilities 
that can be applied tow=! soil-Ing challenges in health care. agtcul lure. 
energy production. enwonrrentru remediation. Many non-human m::del 
orf!pnisms. such a.s ba.cterta.. yea.st. Caenorhabdi.ti.S el.e9an.s (a. free liVing 
non-pathogenic nematode). Drosopv!.a. (the fruit Oy). plants (nee and 
Arab<dops(S). etc .• have also been sequenced. 
Methodologies : The rretllcd.s unohed. two ma.jor a.pproo.ches. One 
approach focused on identifying all the genes that "'-<pressed as RNA 
(referred to as Ex'Pre56ed Sequence figs (ESTs). The other took the 
blind approach of Simply sequencing the whole set of genome that 
oontained all the ceding and non-coding sequence. and later assigning 
different regiOns in llie sequence witll. fWl.ctions (a. term referred. to a.s 
Sequence Annotatk>n). For sequencing. the total DNA from a cell is 
isolated. .mct converted into r.mcbm. fr.agrrents of relatively smaller siZes 
(recall DNA is a very long polyrrer. and there are technical limitations in 
sequenCing very long pieces of DNA) and cloned in suitable host uSing 
speei3lised. vectors. The cloning resulted. intoa.mplifica.tion of ea.ch piece 
of DNA fr.agrrent so tll.a.t it subsequently could. be sequenced. 'Nith ea.se. 
The comi"''DD'llyused. hosts were ba.cteria .mctyea.st . .md. the vectors were 
call<d as !lAC (bacterial Mtifieial chrorn:>sor.-es). and YAC (l--east Mtilicial 
chromosorres). 
The fr~ts were sequenced uSing automated DNA sequencers that 
lOOrked on the pnnciple of a rrethod developed by Frederick Songer. 
(Remember. Sa.nger is a.lso credited. for developing method. for 
determina.tion of a.mino a.cid. 
sequences in proteins). These 
sequences TA'ere Olen 3.1T.anged ba.sed 
on some overla.pping regions 
present in tll.em This required. 
g.neration of merlapping fr~ts 
fbr sequencing. Alignrrent of these 
sequences was huma.nly not 
possible. Therefore. speci3.lised. 
computer ba.sed. progra.ms were 
developed (Figure 6. 15). These 
sequences were subsequently 
annctatedand were asSigned to each 
chromosome. The sequence of 
chromosorre 1 was completed only 
in May 2006 (this was the last of 
llie 24 huma.n chromJsom.es - 22 
a.utosorres .md. X .md. Y - to be 
Fis,-w:e 6.15 A representative d1agr aro. of huJ'Mn 
~·project 
r 
SIOLOGY 
sequenced). Another ch3llenging t•sk was •sSigning the genetic and 
physical maps on the g.nome. This w•s generated using inft:>rmation on 
polyrnorphisruof restriction enctonucleas.; recogr.ition sites. and some 
repetitive DNA sequences known •s micros•tellites (one of the •pplic•tions 
of polyrrorphism in repetiti\e DNA sequences shall be explained in next 
section of DNA fingerprinting). 
6.9.1 Salient Features of Human Genome 
Serre of tll.e salient observations drawn from. humm genorre project .are 
.as tbllows: 
(i) The human genare oon\ains 3164.7 million nucleotide bases. 
(il) The •'erage gme conSists of3000 bases. but Sizes WIJ' geauy. With 
the mgestknc:mn human gene beingctystrophin•t 2.4millicn bases. 
(iii) The toW nwnber of !l'nes is estimated •t 30.000-much lower 
than pre<tous estimates of 80.000 to 1.40.000 !l'nes. Almost •ll 
(99. 9 per cent) nucleotide b•ses are ex•ctly the sorre in .U people. 
(iv) The functions areW1known fOrmer 50 per centofdiscoverectgenes. 
(>j Less than 2 per cent of the genorre oodes for proteins. 
(Vi) Repe•ted sequences make up very large portion of the human 
genorre. 
(\rii) Repetiti\e sequ.ences .are stretches of DNA sequences tllat .are 
repe•ted manytirres. sorretirres hundred to thousand tirres. They 
are thought to h•ve no direct oodingfunctions. but they shed light 
on chromosorre structure.ctyn.amcs .and evolution. 
(<iil) Cbrcrrosorre I has rrostgenes (2968). and the Vhasthefe""st (231). 
(i:<) SCientists have identified •bout I. 4 million loc•tions where Sin&e. 
base DNA differences (SNPs -single nucleotide poJ.vmollitlsm. 
proro.mced. .as 'snips1 occur in hut'I'Wls. This in1brmation promises 
to revolutionise the processes of finding cluorrosorm.llocations for 
disease ...associated. sequences .and tr.acinghut'I'Wl history. 
6.9.2 Applications and Future Challenges 
Den<~ng rre•rungtul l<nowlectge from the DNA sequences wUI define 
research through the corning decades leading to our understanding of 
biOlogical systems. This enormous task Will require the expertise and 
creatiVity of tens of lliou.s.and.s of scientists from. vaned. disciplines in botll. 
the public and pnv•te sectors worldWide. One of the gre•test imp•cts of 
ha<~ng the HG sequence may well be enabling• radically new •pproach 
to bi~cal research. In the past. researchers studied one or • few !l'nes 
•t • time. With whole-genorre sequences and new high-throughput 
MOl!CUL.U UtiS Of INHflU,N Cf 
techncloglos . .., can approach questions systematically andCI'l a m.ch 
- .r scale. 1bey can sluay all tile ~sin a genom~. lor 0"""1'1e. all 
tile transctlpb in a pM'Iieular ti= e or organ or turra. or how tens of 
thcu sands of geMs and proteins wcrk tog> tiler in intercor.r>ected networks 
to orchestrate the chemistryofWie. 
6. 1 0 DNA F!OOE.llPltl lmNG 
As stated in tile preceding section, 99.9 per centoi b•se sequence arrong 
hurr:Wl$1S U\e same. Assumir\g human genome- a.> 3 x J(f bp. "'h.ow 
mang ba.>• soquenoes would there be &J!erenoes? It Is U\ese differences 
in sequence of DNA which make every indiVidu~ uruque i n U\eir 
phenotl'J)Ic appea rance . If one 3ims to find out genetic differences 
between two indi Viduals or among indi Vidu 3ls of a popu lation. 
sequencing the DNA every tin'e would be a daunttpg and •"Pensive 
• task. lrr>agine trying to compare two sets of 3 x 10 base pairs . DNA 
fingerprinting Is a .... ryquick way to compare U\e DNA sequences a any 
two i ndiYidu ~ s. 
DNA 6ngerpnnting imomos identifying difli>rences in som~ speCific 
teg;CI'ls In DNA sequence called as repetitive DNA. because In U\ese 
sequences. a small stretch of DNA is repealed man_ytitn!s. These repetiti~e 
DNA are separated from bulk genomi c DNA as di!!erent peaks durtng 
densil,y grodienl centrifugation. The bulk DNAfornu a major peak and 
tile otller small peaks are referred to as satellite DNA. Dependi ng on 
base composition (A: Tnchor G. C ncb) .lengU\ o t segtn~nl. and nwnrer 
of repeUUve unit s. tile satel lite DNA is clasSified Into many categones. 
such as mtcro.satellites. mini·satellites etc. These sequences norm3.lly 
do not code for any proteins. but tlley form a large portiOn of human 
genome. These sequence show high degree of polymorphism and lbrm 
tile basis of DNA fingerprintin g. Since DNAfrom everyllssue (such as 
bloxl. hair-lb llicle. skin. bone. saliva. rperm etc .). !roman IndiVidual 
show tile same degree of polymorphi sm. U\ey become very useful 
i!2n~caUOn tool in lbren Sic application s. Further. as U\e palyrraphisms 
are in hen table from parents to children. DNA f~rpnnung is U\e basis 
CC paternity testing. in case a dirputes . 
As polymorphism in DNA sequence iS U\e baSis of geneu c mapp;ng 
CIChumangenomeas weD asCCDNAfingerpnnUng. it Is essen~ U\a\ we 
understand what DNA polymorphism means in simple terms . 
Pnlymorllf\Jom (variation at genetic level) arilesdue to mutations. (Re~l 
different kind a muta tions and tlleir effects that you have ~ready 
studie:lln Chapte r 5. and in U\e preceding sections In this cha pter.) 
New mutaUons may artse in m indiVidual eithe r in sornauc cells or in 
tile germ cells (cells that generate gametes in sexu~Iy rep rodu cing 
Of1!anlsms). If a germ cell mutation d:es not seriOUsly lmpairlndi Viduars 
SIOLOGY 
ability to have offspnng who can transmit the nrutation. it can spread to 
the other rrembers of population (through sexual reprcduclion). Allelic 
(~run recall the definition ot alleles !rem Chapter 5) sequen03 v.nation 
has troditionallybeen described as a DNA polymorphism ii rrore than 
one vm.mt (allele) .at .a locus occurs in human population V>litll. .a 
frequency greater than 0. 0 I. In simple terms. ii an lnhertta ble m uta tton 
is observed. in .a population .at high frequency. it is referred. to .as DNA 
polymorphism. The probability of such vonation to beobsenedinnon­
ccding DNA sequence '»ould. be higher .as mutations in tll.ese sequences 
may not have .any immediate effect/impact in .an ind.ivi.d.u.al•s 
reprcducli\e ability. These nrutations keep on accumulating generation 
after generation. and fbrmone of the basis of vonability /polymorphism 
There is a oanety of different types of polymorphisms ranging from Single 
nucleotide ch.mge to very large scale ch.mges. For evolutiOn .md. 
speCiation. such polymorphisms play \ery important role. and you will 
study these in details at higher classes. 
The technique of DNA Fingerprinting was initiallydeveloped by Alec 
Jeffreys. He used a satellite DNA as probe that shows very high degree 
of polymorphism. It was called as Vartable Number of T.mdem Repeats 
(\INTR). The technique. as used earlier. involved Southern blot 
hybridisation using radiolabelled \INTR as a probe.lt included 
(i) isolation of DNA. 
(u) digestion of DNA by restriction endonucleases. 
(iii) separation of DNA tragrrents by electrophoresis. 
(iv) transferring (blotting) of separated DNA tragrrents to synthetic 
membranes. such .as nitrocellulose or nylon. 
(v) hybridisation using labelled VN1R probe. and 
(I-I) detection ofhJ-bl!di sedONA trogrrents byautorodiogaphy. A schematic 
representation of DNA fingerprinting is shown in Fi~ 6. 16. 
The \INTRbetongstoa class of satelliteDNAreferred to as mini-satellite. 
A small DNA sequence is arranged tandemlyin many copy numbers. 
The copy number varies from. chrom.osorre to chronDsome in .m 
indiViduaL The numbers of repeat show very high degree of 
polyrmrphism As .a result tll.e siZe of VNTR v.ar'ies in siZe from. 0.1 to 
20 kb. Consequenll?. after hybrtdisation with \INTR probe. the 
autoradiograrngi\es many bands of differing siZes. These bands gi\e a 
characteristic pattern !Or an indiVidual DNA (Figure 6.16). It differs from 
indiVidual to indiVidual in a population except in the case of rronozygouc 
(identical) twins. The sensitiVity of tll.e technique has teen increased. 
by use of polyrrerase chain reaction (PCR-you will study about it in 
MOLI:CULA! SAtiS OF 11'1::-IEHAI..:CE 
:Mitt 
chi •• t 
I 
I 
(h 2 c::lu 
I I I I 
I I I I 
Cia 18 a.. 16 
-of-I!! 
- -- -
Figure 6.16SchemaUc represe:nt.aUon of DNA ftnge:rprinf.ing: Few representau .. ~ chromosomes 
have been shown to con~ d1ffe:rent copy number of VN1R. For ilie sake of 
unde:rst.md1ng d1fferent colour schemes ha,~ been used to trace the ongtn of each 
b.md Ul. ilie get. 'T1:e two ~les (paternal ~ mate:rn.3ll of a chromosome ~ 
contain d1ffe:rent copy numbers of VN1R. It iS c1eM Ulat ilie b~ patte:rn of DNA 
from crime soe:r.e matches With Ul.d1V1dual B. .mel rot With A 
Ch3pter Ill. O:>nsequenUy. DNAfroma single cellisenough to perform 
DNA fingerprinting analysis. In acl:lition to application in forenSic science. 
it h~s m.1ch Wicter ~pphcatiOn. such ~sin cteterrnilling popwation anct 
g.netic diversities. Currently. many different probes are used to generate 
DNA fingerprints. 
r 
, .. · .. : 
:::·. ·:· 
··:: .. :: ... ... , 
:·.\. 
' 
~ IOLOG! 
....................................................................... 
SUMMARY ! 
Nucleic adds oze long polymers ol nucle>Udes. While DNA stores~ 
irlfOrrn.cd.ion RNA mostly helps 1n tr.cmster .mel e:xpress:1on of infOrmation. 
Tho'-'8h DNA =I RNA both furcuon os ~ maton>l. but DNA being 
chero1cally ~ struotur .ru ly more stable 1S a better ~neUe material. 
Howe\~. RNA iS ilie first toe"o'oh~ and DNA ~dert"'.'t!d &om RNA 'nle 
hallrn>:rk of the doublestr<mded hel1cal struob.>reof DNA lS the hydro@" 
bonding between ilie b~ from oppoSite str.mds. 'nle rule 1S iliat 
hi....,. paas mth 1hyrnU>e thro'-'8h two H-bords. on<! Gu>r4ne with 
Cytosine Uuough tlu'ee H-bonds. This makes one strand 
compleme:nWy to ili.e oilier. 'nle DNA replicates semieonser-..a.U,ety. 
the process lS gu>ied by the cornplei<~«nwy H-bordlng. A seenent of 
DNA that cedes fOr RNA may 1n a sunplisUc term em be reSred as 
@ne. Durtng transcription ~o. one of ilie strands of DNA acts a 
template to dlrect the synthesiS of corn plomenta:ry RNA In bactort>. 
the tr.cmscrtbed mRNA 1S ~ heme C3:n duectJy be tr~ated. 
hl. euk.c:ryotes. ilie goe:ne 1S split. 'nle co:itng sequences. e:xons. Me 
interrupted by ron-coding sequences. int.rons. hl.trons Me re:mo,~d 
~ exons Me joined to produce fwlcUonal RNA by spliCing. The 
messenger RNA cont.Mns the base sequences iliat Me read in a 
combination of iliree (to rMke tnplet emeuc code) to o:de fOr an MOin:l 
«>1<1. The @'r«Uc code lS read og>1n on the pr!reiple ol corn p!omentortty 
by \RNA th.l. <cis os =adaptor molecule. 1hore oze spe:<Hc tRNAs lOr 
e-.~y amUl:l 3C1d. The tRNA bu-ds to spedftc Mruno ac1d <d. or.e e:nd 
~ pairs Uvough H-bondtng Wiili codes on mRNA Uvough its 
Mlticodons. 'nle Site of tr~Uon (prole1n synU:es:is) 1S ribosomes. 
v.hich bind to mRNA .mel prOVide platfOrm fOr j~ of amUl:l .zc1ds. 
Or.e of ilie rRNA acts as a catalyst fOr peptide bond formation which 1S 
an e::<Mnple of RNA enzyme (riboZfme). 'n'~tion 1S a prooess Ul.at 
~ e-.ohe::l MOund RNA 1ndica1:ing iliat bfe began MOtm:l RNA SU'ce. 
transcription ~ translation are energetiCally .,.e:ry expensi.,.e 
proce;ses. these ha'~ to be tightly regulated. RegUlation of tr.cmscrtpUon 
1S Ul.e primM}' step fOr regulation of gere expresSion In bacteria more 
than one @'r>e lS orr on@d together on<! regulated in untls colled os 
op::uons. Lcr;c ~on 1S the prototype operon 1n bactE:rt3. which o:des 
fOr @nss responsible :fOr met.molism. of lactose. The operon 1S regulated 
by tl:e amount. of lactose 1n tl:e medium v.he:re the bacte:r1a Me grown. 
TherefOre. UUs regulation ~ ~ be W!Med as regul311on of enzyme 
synU:ests by its substrate. 
Human (f:tn.Ome project was a mega project Ul.at .Mmed to sequeroe 
e"o'e:ry base 1n hum.cm. genome. nus project has yielded much new 
information. Many new Meas ~ avenues have opened up as a 
conseq1.eroe of Ul.e project. DNA F'lllge:rprtnUng 1S a technique to Bnd 
out "'o'Mi.cd.ions 1n 1nd1vidu.3ls of a population at DNA te...el. It works on 
the prtroiple o{ polymorphism 1n DNA sequences. It has immense 
appl1ca11ons 1n ilie field of fore:nsie seienoe. @r.eUc biodiversity ~ 
""'luttonory biolog)>. 
..................................................................... 
MOl!CUL.U U1:1S Of INH fliANCf 
EXERCISES 
1 G!oup u... l>llowing as niU<>emous hoses ani n...,._ , 
Jd...,.. Cytld!ne. 1hym1ni. Guollosine. Ur3C11 aJ>d eyt<>,.,., 
2. lf a double st.r»XXed DNAhos 20 per cent of cytoo~n& ~ U... per 
0111'11. of Kle rnne 1n U... DNA 
3. If the -=~..w:n::e of or.e slrani of DI'JA ts wrttt.en. a follov.s: 
~·. ATOCAT GCATGCATGCA'ro CA'ro CA'roC ·S' 
\lhlto do wn the sequenoe of ccrnplamer<ory si.T..-.:1 1n ~· .. a· dlrectlon. 
4. If U.. saq_ue:roe of the o:ding stran:i 1n a 1r anscrtpUon unl.t ts w11:t.en 
.. l>Uows: 
~·. ATOCATGCATG CATGCA'ro CA'ro CA'ro C·S' 
t.wite down the sequence of mRN A 
5. Which p<operty of ON A double he!!x led Watson .and Crick lo hJP>Iheslse 
..-n.l..conJ!er\latJ.ve mode of DHA repbcation ? Ex-plaln. 
e. Deperdmg upm the d e mrat nature ~ the lernpb.le COMA or .Rtf .A) 
and tho D>.ture of ....:leic adds~ Doftl It II>NA or N!IJ\1. hsl 
tho typos of m»leic add po!ymerases. 
1. 1bo cbd He.sbey >rod Chose dllliarentlate betw<oen DNA ond p.otelntn 
tMtr oxpOM\Omt while f'>O""'t that DNA IS the ~ rn-!.>1? 
8. D!&r......,te between U... l>llo"""83: 
(>) Flrpo~Uvo Dt1A and S.telli" DNA 
(b) rnR1'1A and tRNA 
(o) 1\lrnpl>.te st.r..-.:1 aJ>d Oxltng strand 
g, Ust. two assen~ roles of ribosome durtng trans.b.Uon. 
10. In tht medl um where E. cdc was gto'Wlrlg. lactoN wu added. v.h1ch 
trduc.:t the lc:tc operon. '1'1-en. v.hy does be operon shut down some 
tlme .aftc .add.tUon of bot.ose 1n the medium ? 
11. I!Ocp1a1n (ln one or two llnes) U... functlon of the l>1Jowln8o: 
(>) P.omote. 
(bl tRNA 
lei &:100ns 
12. 1!/hy IS tho Human Gerome pco)ECt called a meea p<CjOCl? 
13. 1!/ha IS DNA flng!!rp~ "''"''""' Its appbcotlon 
14. Bnolly doocnbe U... folio""'& 
(.a) Tr mscrtptJon 
(b) PolymorphiSm 
(o) 'fi .,.b.Uon 
(d) BIOW>nn>.Ucs 
CHAPTER 7 
EVOLUTION 
7.1 Origin ofLife 
7.2 Evdv.tion. ofLi..fe Forms -A 
1M"'l! 
7.3 \Vhat a.rethe Evidences 
for EvdJ.t.ticn.? 
7.4 \Vhat ts Ad.opttve 
RmJ.i.dicn.? 
7.5 Bto~tcolEvolution. 
7.fi Mech<mismofEvdJ.I/.kn. 
7.7 Hor~ - \Veinb.,.s 
Prin.cpte 
7.8 ABri.ef kcotmf. of 
EooWtion. 
7.9 Ori.gtn.a.ndEvdution. of 
lVbn 
Evolutionoty Biology is the study of history of life forms 
on eMlh. What exactly is evolutiOn? lb unrerst.and. tll.e 
c~sin Ooraa.nctfauna tllathan~occum:dmermillions 
of years on earth. '"' rrust have on Wlderstonding of the 
context of on~ of life. i.e .• e\Olu\ionof earth. of sU>rs •nd 
inreect of llie wl.iVerse itself. What tbllows is llie longest of 
.allllie construed .md. conjectured. stories. This isllie story 
of origin of life and e\Olu \ion of life fOrms or bicdi1erSityon 
plonet earth in the context of evdu \ion ci earth and ~.mst 
the background of evolu \ion of uni\erse i \self. 
When ~A'e look .at stars on .a cle.ar night sky we .are. in .a 
w•y. looking back in \irre. S\ellardistonces are rre•sured 
in light years. What'"' see IJ:day is •n object whose emitted 
light started its journey millions of year b•ck and from 
tnllions of k;!ometres •w•y and re•ching our eyes now. 
However. when we see objects in our inmediate 
surroundings we see lliem instmtly .and. hence in tll.e 
present time. Thererore. when we see sU>rs we •pparenuy 
•re peeping into the p•st. 
The Ol"igin of life is conSidered. a unique event in the 
history ci w1Mrse. The w1Mrse iS "'st. Rela\Mly speaking 
~VOLIJIION 
the e.arth itself is .almost only .a speck. The universe is very 
old - alrrost 20 billion years old. Huge clusters of g3.13Xies oomprise the 
Wli~erse. GQI=s cont.run stars and clouds of gas~ dust. OJnsidering 
the size ci Wliverse. eorth is indeed a speck. The Big Bang theory attempts 
toexpl3m toustheon~ ofWliverse.It Wksof a s>ngularhugeexplosiOn 
Wl~ble in phySic3.1 terms. The universe exp~ and hence. the 
temper.ature ca.rre cbwn. H}drogen and. Hehum b ne:i sometime later. 
The gases oondensed Wlder graVitatiOn ~ fbrrred the g3.13Xies of the 
present day Wliverse. In the solar system of the rnilk.y way ga~a><y. earth 
w.as supposed. to h.a\e teen bne:i.about 4.5 billion years b.ack. There 
w.as no .atmJsphere on ea.rty earth. \llb.ter v.ap3u.r. rretlwle, ca.rtond.io:-:id.e 
.and. 3.ffil"'lJJ1i. rele.ased. from.mdten m.ass CO\erect the surface. Tile lN r.ays 
from the SWl brokeup water into HJo<Uogen and Qcygen ~the lighter H. 
escaped. oeygen combined with onmonia ~ rre\hane to fOrm water. 
co.~ others. The ozcne layer was fonred. As it a:oled. the water vap 
fell as rain. to 611 oll the depressiOns ~fOrm oceans. IAfe appeared 500 
million years oiler the fbrmati:ln ci eorth. i.e .. alrrost tour billion years back. 
Did. life corre from. outersp.ace? Serre scientists believe tll.at it came 
from outSide. Early Greek thinkers thought Wlits of life called spores 
were transferred to different pl.mets including earth. 'Panspe:rmi.a• is still 
.a favourite idea. tor some .astronorrers. For .along time it w.as also believed. 
that life came out of ctecay;ngand rotting matter like straw. mud. etc. 
This was the theory of spontaneous generation. l.ouis Pasteur by careful 
expenrrenta\iOn demonstrated that life comes only from pre .eXisting life. 
He shol<"d that in pre·sterillsedflasks.lifedidnot cometromkilledyeast 
while in anollier fi.askopen to .air, new hVingorg.anisms .arose from'killed. 
ye.ast>. Sp:111l.meous genera. lion llieory w.as dismissed. once and. fbr alL 
Hov;ever. tll.is did. not answer how llie first life fbrm ca.rre on earth. 
Oparin of Russia ~H3ldaneofEnglandprop::>sed that the first fOrm 
of life could ha•e come from pre.e:<is\ing non·liVing organic molecules 
(e.g. RNA. protein. etc.) and that fOrmatiOn of life was preceded by chemic3.1 
evolutiOn, i.e .. formatiOn of diverse org.anic molecules from inorg.anic 
constituents. The condi lions on ea.rth were -high tem.per.ature. volca.ni c 
storms. reduCing atmosphere ccntoming CH4 • NH.· etc. In 1953. S.I.,. Miller • 
.an Arrertcan scientist cre.atect Simil3.r conditions in .alator.atory scale 
(Figure 7. I). He created electric discharge in a closed flask containing 
CH4 • H,. NH8 ~ water ""P"ur at aoo•c. He observed formatiOn of aminO 
.acids. In sirnil3.r experimmts others observed. formatiOn of sug.ars. 
nitrogen bases. p;grrent and fats. Analysis of rreteOrite oontent 3lso 
reve.alect simi1ar compoWl.d.s ind.ic.ating th.at Simi1ar processes .are 
occurrtngelsewhere in space. With this limited eVidence. the first part of 
llie conjectured story. i.e .. chemical e\Olution w.as m:re or less .accepted.. 
We have no idea about how the firSt self replicating rretabolic capsule 
of life arose. The first non· cellular fOrms of life oould have Originated 
r 
SIOLOGY 
m liClid.l!!llt. 
t 
orpa:kt ' .,. 
Fis,-ure 7.1 D1agtammaUc representation of Miller's 
experiment 
3 billion years back.lheylOOU!d hale been ~on\ rrolecules (RNA. Protein, 
Fblysacch.ndes.etc.). These capsules reptt:duced their rrolecules permps. 
The first celllili>r fOrm of life did not p::>ssibly originate till •bout 2000 
million years 3/.0. These v>ere proba.bly sin~e-cells. All life forms were in 
w.aterenVironms:nt only. This versiOn of a. biOgenesis. ie .. llie first fbrmot 
life arose slowly through e\Olutionaryforces from non·li>~ngrrolecules is 
•ccepted bY majority. HD'A"'er. once torrred. how the first cellular forms 
of life could h•ve evolved into the complex biedi,erSity of tc:day is the 
fascinating story the\ will be discussed below. 
O:>nven\ional religious liter•ture tells us •bout the theory of special 
creation. This theory has three connota\icns. One. the\ .U li>~ng orgmisms 
(species or types) tll.a.t lo'.:e see. tcd.3.y were crea.tect a.s such. Two. tll.a.t llie 
diverSityw.as .alw.ays tll.e sa.rre since crea.tim and 'J.Iill te llie sa.rrein future 
also. Three, the\ earth is •bout 4000 years old, All these ideas were 
strongly challenged during the nineteenth century. Based on obsern>.\ions 
made durtng• sea myege in • sail ship called H. M.S. Be~eround the 
v.orld. Ch.arles D.arwin concluded th.at existing liVing forms sha.re 
Similarities to va~ng degrees not only mDilg themselves but •lso With 
life forms th•t eXisted millions of years ago. Many such life fOrms dono\ 
e:-.:ist my more. There h.ad been extinctiOns ot different life fOrms in llie 
~VOLIJIION 
jeors gooe by just •s new fOrms oflife •rose •t di1ferent perieds of history 
of eorth. There has been gradual e'IOlution of life forms. Any popul•tion 
has bUilt in \Wla\ion in ch=cteris\ics. Those ch=cteris\ics which enable 
sorre to sur<l\e better in natural conditions (climate. b:xt physical factors. 
etc.) would. outbreed.others tll.at are less-enctov;ed to survin~ 1.Ulder such 
natural conditions. Another word used. is fitness of tll.e indiVidual or 
population. The 6 \ness. •ccording to Darwin. refers ultimately •nd only 
toreprcductive fitness. Hence. tll.ose who are better fit in .m enVironaent. 
leave nure progeny Ulan otll.ers. These. tll.erefore. TJ.Iill survin~ nure and. 
hence •re selected by nature. He called it natural selection•ndimpliedit 
as a rrech.mism. of e\Olu lion. Let us .a! so rerrember tll.at Alfred. W.allace. a 
naturalist who v.orked in Malay Archepelago had also corre to similar 
conclusiOns around. tll.e sarre tirre. In due COUf'Se of tirre. apparently 
new types of orgonisms are recogrus•ble. All the e.~istinglife fOrms share 
Similarities and share COIIIIIU& ancestors. However. tll.ese ancestors were 
present •t different periOds in the history of earth (epochs. pertods •nd 
er•s). The geological history of eorth closely correlates with the biOI~ cal 
history of earth. A cornrnJn permissible concluSion is tll.at earth is \ery 
old, not \hous•nd of years •s was thought earlier but billions of 
years old. 
ENidence \he\ evolution of life fOrms has indeed taken place on eorth has 
oorre from m:myquarters. Fossils •re remained of hard parts of life.fbrms 
tbw'ld. in rocks. Rocks form sedirrents and a cross-section of earth's crust 
indicates tll.e arrangemmt of sed.irrents one mer tll.e otll.er dun.ng tll.e 
long history of earth. Different .. ged rock sediments oon\ain fOssils of 
different life.forrns who prob•bly died during the formation of the 
particular sedirrent. Some of tll.em appear Similar to m:demorgarusms 
(Figure 7. 2). They represent «<tinct orgonisms (e.g .. Dinosaurs). A study 
of fOssils in different sedirrentarylajers indic•tes the geological peried in 
which they e:<isted. The study shov."d \he\ life. fOrms "'ned over \irre 
and certain life fOrms ore restricted to certain geological \irre ·spans. Hence. 
new fOrms of life have arisen •t different \irres in the history of eorth. All 
this is called paleontological eVidence. Do gouremember Mow the ages of 
the fossils are ooladated? Do gou reooUed the method of ro.d.il>o.d:i.oe­
datit\9 and. the pMo:p!es behind. the prooed.we? 
Comparative anatomy and. morphology shows similarities .md. 
differences among orgonisrns of today and those that eXisted years ago. 
Such Similarities c.m be interpreted to 1.Ulderst..and. whetll.er cornrnJn 
.mcestors v.:ere shared. or not. For e;:.:ample whales. bats. Cheetah and. 
human (.U !lWll!llals) share similart\iesin thep•ttemofbooes offbrelimbs 
~re 7.3b). Though these fOrelimbs perfonndifrerent functions in these 
onimals. they have similar anatomical structure - .U of them have 
r 
SIOLOGY 
Fig,-ure 7.2 A fMOily tree of dinosaurs~ u-.eu livtng modern day cOWl.tE:rpMl org;amsms like 
crocodiles .mel buds 
hurrerus. r.adius. uln.a.. carpals. rretaca.rpals and ph3l.anges in llieir 
forelimbs. Hence. in lliese .animals. Ole s.arre structure developed along 
different directions due to adaptions to difrerent needs. This is dlvergen t 
evolutlon .and tll.ese structures .are homologous. Homologyind.ic.ates 
common mcestry. 0t her ex.amples .are \ertebr.ate he .arts or br.ains. In 
plants also. the thorn and tendrils of Bougair\olll.fo. and CU£UTb:to. 
represent horrology (Figure 7.3a). Homology is based on divergent 
erol ution where.as 3J13l.ogy refers to .a situatiOn ex.actlyoppoSi te. Wings of 
butterfly and of birds look alike. They are not anatomically Similar 
~VOLIJIION 
structures though they perform Simi! or 
functions. Hence . .atl3logous structures 
Me a result of convell!l!nt ewlutlon -
different structures e\Olv;ng for the sorre 
function and hence haVing similarity. 
Other examples of an3logy are the eye of 
tll.e octopus md. of rn3.n'Ul1.als or the 
Oippers of PengUins and D:llphins. One 
can say that it is the Similar habitat that 
has resulted. in selectiOn of simil.ar 
octaptive features in different groups of 
otgonisrns but towa!d the sorre function: 
Sweet potato (root mcdification) and 
potato (stem modification) is another lit 
example fbr an3ln"''· . :"1 '-"61 ::. 
In the s.ame line of .argument. ~~ 
simiLarities in proteins .and. genes >: ' . performing .a given function .arrong -ll 
di \erse org.anisms give clues to cornrnJn Mlm 
.mcestry. These biOchemical simil.artties J 
p:.int to the sa.rre sh3.red .ancestry .as 
structural simil3.rities .arrong diverse 
OQ!Mli srns. 
Man has bred selected plants and 
ani!llals fbr ogtculture. horticulture. sport 
or secUrity. Man has ctorresticated many 
lo\lild. anir'I'Ws .mct crops. This intenSive 
breeding progronme has created breeds 
that differ from other breeds (e.g .. dogs) 
but still ore of the sorre group. It is or~ed 
that if within hundred of jeors. man could 
create new breeds. could not nature ha\e 
done the sarre over millions ofyeors? 
(a) 
·-~11@¥.>< 
-• 
(b) 
''
:'. 
...... v.' 
.. -~·i 
··/ 
' 
Bet 
• 
Another interesting observation 
supporting evolution by natural selection 
comes from England. In a collection of 
Fl&uxe 7.3 ExMnple of homologous organs in 
(a) Pl>nts ;,nd (b) Anlrn>ls 
nDtll.s made in 1850s. i.e .• before indust.r'i3lisation set in. it was obsened. 
that there ""remere white-wmgedmoths on trees than dsrl<.-Winged or 
rrel3.ni sect nDtll. s. HCN.-ever. in llie collection ca.med. out from llie sane 
area. but after industrialisation. i.e .. in 1920. there were mere dork-Winged 
nDtll.s in llie sane .area. i.e .. tll.e proportion w.as relersed.. 
The explanation put lbrth fbr tllis observation was that 'p!Bdators Will 
spot .a nDth .ag.ainst .a contr.asting b.ack.grounct•. During post­
ind.ustri.alis.ation pertcd.. tll.e tree trwl.ks becarre d..ark due to ind.ustri.al 
smoke and soots. Under this condition the while-Win!l'd moth did not 
r 
1!2 
BiOl OGY 
(a) (b) 
Figure 7.4 Figure showing white - winged moth and dark - winged moth (melan ised) 
on a tree trunk (a) In unpo lluted area (b) In pollu ted area 
survive du e to predators , dark-win ged or melanise d moth survived. Before 
ind ustriali sati on set in, thick growth of almost whi te-colo ured lichen 
covered the tre es - in that backgroun d the whit e winged moth survived 
but the dark-coloured moth were pick ed ou t by predator s. Do you know 
that Uchens can be used as indusbi al pollu tion indicators ? They w ill 
not gro w in areas that are polluted. Hence, moth s that wer e able 
to camouflage the mselv es, i.e. , hid e in the background, su rvived 
(Figure 7 .4). This understandin g is supported by the fact that in areas 
where industrialisation did not occur e.g., in rural areas , the count of 
melanic moths was low. This showed that in a mixed popula tion , those 
that can better -adap t, survive and incr ease in pop ulati on size. Remember 
that no variant is completely wiped ou t. 
Simil arly, excess use of herbicides, pes ticides, etc. , has only resulted 
in selection of resistant varietie s in a much lesser time scale. This is also 
tru e for microb es against which we employ antib iotic s or drugs against 
euka:tyotic organisms / cell. Henc e, resis tant organis ms/ cells are app earing 
in a time scale of months or year s and not centuri es. Th ese are examples 
of evolution by anth ropoge nic action. This also tells us that evolu tion is 
not a dire ct proc ess in the sense of dete rmin ism. 1 tis a stochas tic process 
based on chanc e events in natur e and chance mutation in the organ isms . 
7 .4 WHli.T 1s A nAPTf.VE RADI..ATION? 
During his journey Darwin wen t to Galapag os Islands. There he observed 
an amaz ing diversi ty of creature s. Of particular inte res t, small blac k birds 
later called Darwin's Finche s amazed him. He realised that there were many 
varieties of finches in the same island . All the varieties, he conjectured, 
evolved on the island itself. Fro m the original seed-eating features , many 
other forms with alter ed beaks arose, enabling them to become insectivorous 
~VOLIJIION 
ond \egeu.ru.n finches (FI~re 7.5). This process of e\Olution of difrerent 
species in a gi\en geographical orea stortmg from a pOint and literally 
rodiating to other areas of g.ography (habitats) is calledadapUveradl>Uon. 
Darwin's finches represent one of the bestexornples of this phenomenon. 
Anollier e:..:.ample is Au str3li3n nursu pi.als. A number c1. marsupi.als. e.ach 
different from the other (FI~ 7. 6) e\Olved from an ancestral stock. but all 
V>litll.in llie Austr3li3n isl.and. continent. When n:ore tll.an one .ad.apti\e 
radiation appeared to have occurred in an isolated geographical orea 
(representing different habitats). one can call this convergent e\Olution. 
--
r 
Anteater Numb at 
v 
·- Lemur 
BIOLOGY 
Placenta l mammals in Australi a also exhibit 
adapti ve radi atio n in evolving into varieti es of 
such placent al mammals each of which appear s 
to b e 'similar ' to a c orresp ondin g marsu pial 
(e.g. , Placental wolf and Tasm anian wolf­
marsupial). (Figure 7.7). 
7.5 B IOLO GICAL E voLUTION 
Evolution by natural selection, in a true sense 
would have start ed when cellular forms of life 
with differences in m etaboli c c apabili ty 
originated on earth. 
Figure 7.7 Picture showing convergent evolution 
of Australian Marsu pials and 
placental mammals 
The essen ce of Darwini an theory about 
evolu tio n is n atural selec tion . The rat e of 
app earance of new forms is link ed to the life 
cycle or the life span. Micro bes that divide fast 
have the ability to multipl y and becom e millions 
of indi viduals within hours. A colony of bact eria 
(say A) growing on a given medium has built­
in variation in terms of abili ty to utili se a feed 
comp onent. A chang e in the medium 
comp osition woul d brin g out only that part of 
the p opulation (say B) that can survive under 
the n ew conditi ons. In due cours e of time this 
varian t popul atio n outgr ows the others and 
app ears as n ew sped es. This would happen 
within days. For the same thing to happen in a 
fish or fowl would take million of years as life 
spans of thes e animals are in years. Here we 
say that fitness ofB is better than that of A under 
the n ew conditi ons. Nature selec ts for fitn ess. 
One must remember that the so-called fitn ess 
is based on characteristics which are inheri ted. 
Hence, there must be a genetic basis for getting 
selected and to evolve. Another way of saying the same thin g is that some 
organi sms are better adapted to survive in an otherwise hostile envir onmen t. 
Adapti ve ability is inherite d. It h as a genetic basis. Fitness is the end result 
of the abili ty to adapt and get selected by nature. 
Branching descent and natural selection are the two key concep ts 
of Darwinian Theory of Evolution (Figures 7.7 and 7.8). 
Even before Darwin, a French naturalist Lamarck h ad said that 
evolution of life form s had occurred but driven by use and disuse of 
organs. He gave the example s of Giraff es who in an attem pt to for age 
EVOLIJ110N 
leaves on tall tree s hod to odapt b)' elongation of their necks. f\s they 
passed on thiS acquiR!d characb!r ot elongated neck to succeeding 
generations. (liu!fes. s lowl)I.O"!rtheJ.~rs. e~ to acquire long necks. 
Nobod)'belie"les thiS conjecture any mxe. 
Is e"IOlution a proceu a- the result ot a process? The w:>rld we see. 
inanimaleand an;mate,!sonl)'the •uccess storiesaEMlluuon . Wilen we 
rescribe llle story a this ~d we de$crtbe e\OiuUOn a• a proee ... On the 
olller hand when we describe the storyalile on earth. we treaterolutioo 
as a coosequence a a process callecl natural selection . Vol> are still not 
"'f)' clearwbelllerto regarcte\Qiution and natural selection as processes 
oceod resulto!W'IltnCJWn processes. 
It iS possible that the work a Thomas Malthus en populaticns 
influenced Darwin. Natural selection is based on certain observaticns 
-ch are tactual Fa exa1Il'lo. natural resources are lim ted. p:>pulatlons 
are stable in size except i:r seascnal fluctuation. rrerrtbers ot .a p:>pulatlon 
vary in ch.araclertstics (!ntact no tv.o indiViduals are alll<e) even though 
they look suf"liicially s!mllor. rrost of variations .are inhertled etc. The 
tact that theoretically population si%8 Will P> expcnenuallyif e>;eryb:dy 
reprodu ced maximally (this tact can be seen in .a grov.~ng baclerul 
p:>pulatlon) andthetactthatpopul.atlon Sizesinrealltyare limled. means 
that there had been competition tor R!sources . Only oome surviVed .and 
fjew at the cost ot others that could not !loutish . The na....lty and brilli.ant 
inSight ot Darwin was thi s: he asserb!d that w.rtations . which .are hen table 
and which mal<e resource uUUsation betb!r i:r fiew (.adapted to habitat 
betler) will enable only those to repro:lu ce and lea'<e rrore progeny. Hence 
i:r a periOd ot time. over many generaUcns. survivors Will leave rrore 
progeny and there would be a change in popula tion characteristic and 
hence new lbrrns appear toanse . 
7. 6 MBCilANlSM OJ' EvouJn.ON 
Whatis the ongin otthis vartaUonandhow does speCiation occur? Even 
though Mendel had tall<edotinheritable Yactors' influenCing phenotype. 
Darwineither;gnae:l these observations crkept Silence.ln the llrstdecare 
ottwentieeth century.H~ do \ties basedon hisworkcnelletlingpnmrose 
brought forth the idea ot mutauons -Iorge dit!erence arising sucl:lenly in 
a p:>pulation. He believed that!Us mutation which causes evolution and 
not the minor variations (heritable) that Darwin tall<edalxlut . Mutations 
are random and directlel>loss whlle Darwinian variations are small and 
directional . E\Olution br Darwin was groctual while deVnes beliesed 
m.rtauon caused speCiation and hence called it sollatton (~e step 
laJge mtlallon) . Studies in population ge.nelics. later. brought out 
same danty. 
SIOLOGY 
7. 7 H=~··WB!I\'llERG Pll.CNCll'U~ 
In a ~\en population one can find. out llie frequency of occurrence of 
•Ueles of • g.ne or •locus. This frequency is supp::>sed to remain fixed 
ond e'en remain the sorre through generations. Hordy-Weinberg principle 
stated. it using 3lgebr.aic equations. 
This pnnciple says that allele frequencies in • population •re stable 
and is constant from gener•tion to gener•tion. The gene pool (toW genes 
ond their alleles in • population) remains • constant. This is called g.neuc 
equilibrium. Sum total of all the •Uelic frequencies is I. IndiVidual 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
Fis,"1..t!e 7.8 Dia@ammattc representatiOn of ilie operation of natural selection on d1ffe:rent 
tmts : (a) Stabilising (b) Due>t1on.ol =I (c) DlSrupU"' 
~VOLIJIION 
frequencies. fOr exornple. con be ru>rred p. q. etc. In a diplOid. p and q 
represent the frequency of allele A and allele a.. The frequency of AA 
indiViduals in a p:jpulation is siMplyp>. This is Simply stated in ar.other 
ways. i.e .• the probability that on allele A with a frequencyofp appeoron 
l:oth the chrorrosomes of a diploid indiVidual is simply the pltXIuct 
of the probabilities. i.e .• p". Similorly of aa is q•. of Aa 2pq. Hence. 
p"+2pq.q"=I. This is a binOmial "'<panSion of (p•qj•. When frequency 
rreasured.,differs from.e;:.,pected v3lues,llie difrerence (directim) indicates 
the extent of e\Olu tionary cha"fl'. Disturbance in genetic equilibrium. or 
Hardy- Weinberg equilibnum. i.e .• change of frequency of alleles in a 
population would then be interpreted as resultin,g in e\Olution. 
Fi•e factors are known to o!fect Horcty-Weinbergequilibnum These 
are gene migration or gene flow. genetic drift. mutation, genetic 
recombination and natural selection. When mgauon of a sectiOn of 
population to ar.other place and population occurs. g.ne frequencies 
cha"fl' in the ortgina1 as well as in the new popula lion. New genes/alleles 
are actred to the new population and these are lost from the old population. 
There would be a gene now ii this g.ne llligration. happens rmdtiple tirres. 
U the some change occurs by chance. it is called genetic drift. Sorretirres 
the change in allele trequencyis so difrerent in the new sornple ci population 
that they becorre a dif!erent speCies. The onginal drifted population 
tecorres fOW'ld.ers and llie effect is called folUldereffect. 
Microbial experiments show tll.at pre-existing advmtageous 
mutations when selected will result in observation of new phenotypes. 
Over few generations. tll.is would result in Speciation. Natural selection is 
a process in which heritable variations eru>bling better survival are eru>bled 
to repro:tuce .mdlea\e greater num.ter of progeny. A critical .malysis 
n'Wtes us believe that vM'iation due to mutation or vM'iation due to 
recombination ctunnggarretogenesis. or due to gene flow or genetic drift 
results in changed frequency of genes .md alleles in future generation. 
OJupled to enhance reproductive success. ru>tural selection mokes it look 
like different population. Natural selection con lead to stabilisation (in 
which rrore individuals acquire rreon choracter value). directional change 
(m:re ind.i\oiduals acquire value otll.er tll..m llie mean character value) or 
disruption (more individuals acquire peripheral character value at both 
ends of the distnbution curve) (Figure 7.8). 
7. 8 h. BRWs l!.cco1JN1" oP Evox,mmN 
1\bout 2000 millionyearsago(reya) the first cellular rormsotlifeappeared 
on earth. The rrech.mism of how non-cellular aggregates of gimt 
macrom:decules could.erohe into cells witll. rrembr.mous emelop is not 
knCNJn. Some of lliese cells had tll.e ability to release O~r The reaction 
r 
RIOLOG. '.' 
llocl .. ,..,....,.. 
could. have been Similar to llie light reaction in photos}'nlliesis where 
water is split with the help of sol3renergy captured ond chmnelisect by 
appropriate light harvesting pigments. Slowly Single-celled orgmisms 
became rrrulti-cellular life forms. By the time of 500 reya. imertebrates 
""re forrred ond active. Jawless fish probablye'IOhed around 350 reya. 
Sea ""ects ond few pl=ts e:-:isted probably around 320 reya. \I.e are told 
tll.at llie first orgmisms tll.at invaded. land lo'.:ere plants. They v>ere 
widespread on land when 3Jlilllals invaded land Fish with stout and strong 
fins could rroveon land mdgo back to water. This was about 350 reya. 
In 1938. a fish caught in South Africa happened to be a OJelacmth which 
was thought to be extinct. These onimals called lobefins evolved into the 
EVOLUTION 
Quaternary 
Tertiary 
Cretaceous 
Jurassic 
(extinct) 
Permian . . 
~'ls.uro!.•l 
Carboniferous 
Figure 7.10 Representative evolutionary history of vertebrates through geological period 
first amphibians that lived on both land and water. There are no specimens 
of these left with us. However, these were ancestors of modern day frogs 
and salamand ers. The amphibians evolved into reptiles. They lay thick­
shelled eggs which do not dry up in sun unlike those of amphibians. 
Again we only see their modern day descendents, the turtles, tortoises 
and crocodiles. In the next 200 millions years or so, reptiles of dtlferent 
SIOLOGY 
shapes and sizes dominated on earth. Giont ferns (ptertcbphytes) '""e 
present but they oll fell to form coal depoSits slowly. Sorre of these lmd 
repllles went back into water toevo!le into fish like repilles probably 200 
reya (e.g. lchtlvJosauT.sj. The land reptiles "'"re· of course. the dinosaurs. 
The biggest of lliem. i.e .. Tgran.nosOW"us rex was a tout 20 feet in height 
and had huge feorsorre dagger like teeth. Al:out 65 reya. the dinosaurs 
suddenly clisappeored from the eorth. We do not know the true reason. 
Sorre say climatic chm!l's killed them Sorre say most of them evolved 
into birds. The truth mayli1e in between. Small sized reptiles of that era 
still «<is\ today. 
The first mami"''Ws TA'ere like shrews. Their tbssils are small sized. 
Mammals were ~~parous and protected their unborn young inside the 
mother's body. Marnm.als were more intelligent in sensing and aVOiding 
ctangera\least. When reptiles came down marnm.als took over thiseorth. 
There ~~>»rein South Arrerica marnm.als resembling horse. hippopotamus. 
tear. rabbit. etc. Due to continental drift. when Soutll. Arrerica jOined 
North Arrerica.lliese animals TA-ere merrtd:ien by North Arrertcan faWl.a. 
Due to the sarre oon\inen\al drift pouched marnm.als of Austrolia surn 1ed 
because of lack of COil\Pe\i\ion fromanyothermammal. 
Lest"'" forget. sorre mammals live wholly in water. Whales. dolphins. 
se~s and sea cows are some exa~es. Erolutiooof horse. elephant. dog. 
etc .. are speCial stories of evolutiOn. You will learn about lliese in higher 
classes. Tile nust successful story is llieevolutionofmm Willi language 
skills and self-consciOusness. 
A rough sketch of the evolution of life fOrms. their times on ageol~cal 
scale are indicated in (Figure 7.9 ond 7.1 0). 
'l. 9 ()JuGm A.'ffi ~~voJ,un:oN oP MAN 
About 15 reya. primates called Drgopitl'lecus and Ro.m3.p<theru.s "'"re 
«<is\ing. They were h.airy and walked like gorillas and chimponzees. 
Ro.mo.plthecus was more man-like while Drgoplthecus was more 
ape-like. Few tbssilsof mm-like bones ha\e been discoveredinEUl.iopia 
and Tonzorua (Figure 7.11). These revealed hominid features leading to 
the belief that about 3-4 nw•. =·like pnmates walked in eastern Africa. 
They were probably not toller then 4feet but walked up rtght. Til><> mya. 
Australopitl'lednes probably lived in East African grasslands. Evidence 
shows they hunted With stone weapons but essentially ate fruit. Some of 
llie bones afl'Dflg llie bones discovered were d.itrerent. This creature was 
collect the first humm-like being the homllid and was colled Horro hobJLs. 
The brain capaCities "'"re between 650-800cc. TheY probablydid note at 
rreat. Fossilsd.isCO\ered in Java in 1891 re\ealed llie ne:.ct stage. i.e .. Hom:> 
~VOLIJIION 
Fis,-w:e 7.11 A compMtson of ilie skulls of adult mcde:rn hum.;m being. baby clump<mZEe ~ 
adult chlrnl"""""'. The skull of baby chlrnl"""""' lS more llke >dull hurnon skull 
lh>n adult chirn !"""""' skull 
eredus .about 1.5 mya. Hom:> eredus had. .a lMge brain .around. 900cc. 
Homo erecw probably .ate meat. The Neanderthal man witll. .a brain siZe 
of 1400cc tiled. in neM east .and. central ASia between 1.00.000-40.000 
years back. They used hides to protect their bcxl:y ond buried their dead 
Hom:> sa.JXens.arose in Africa .and. rrmed. .across continents and re'elop3d. 
into distinct races. During ice ag> between 75.000-10.000 years ago 
m:dem Homo sa.JXens .arose. Fre-historic cave .art deleloped .about 
18.000 Jears ago. Agriculture come around I 0.000 Jears back and 
human setUerrents started. The rest of what happened is part of human 
history of growth and decline of Ci >llisalion s. 
r 
'f~;;·~--
f 
·:·;:..:\ 
.:~:~~.i 
j~% 
·:·~~~~~~~: 
' ~·i~~;::~ 
:,~~~·~.~:· 
~:. 
~;:~ 
:~~/,Zi 
SIOLOGY 
SUMMARY 
The ortgtn of life on eMth can be tmderstood only against the 
ba.ckgrotmd of ortg1n of Wli\~rse espec1a.lly eMUl.. Most scientists 
bel me chemiCal e-.~lution. i.e., fOrmation of b1omolecules preceded 
U:e appeM<mee of U:e Brst oellu!M fOrms of life. 'nle subsequent. e'e1.ts 
~ to ,.,hat happened to U:e Brst fOrm of life iS a conjectured story 
based on D~ 1de3s of or@lliC e-.oolution by natural selection. 
Di,~rsity of life fOrros on e3l'Ul. has been ~ over rrullions of 
~s. It iS ge:r.era.lly belie-.oed Ul.a.t ....mations in a population result in 
\'Mtable fitness. Oilier phenomena like habitat fragmentation ~ 
~netic drift may a.coent.ua.te Ul.ese ....mations le.cdtng to ap~~e 
of new spee1es ~ l':eroe e-.~lution. Homolog}' iS a.ccounted fOr by Ul.e 
idea of br~hing desoe:nt. Study of compMa11ve anatomy. fOssils ~ 
compMaU,~ b1ocl:ernJstry provides ewle:nce for e-.olution. Among Ul.e 
stones of e-.~luUon of indiVidual species. Ul.e story of e,~lution of 
modern m<m iS most inte:resUng ~ appeMS to pMa.llel e-.oolution of 
human brain ~ ~e . 
....................................................... ........................................................................................................................ ,.) 
[XEF<CISES 
1. Explain an11b1oUc resiStance obs:en~d in b3Cle:rta.in light of D~ 
se lecuon Ul.eory. 
2. F1n::l out &om r.ewspa.pe:rs ~ popul3:r se1e:noe articles <my new fOss:il 
disCO\'e:rtes or controwastes about e-.olution. 
3. Al."'rnpl giVing a cleo:r defuution of the term spec!es. 
4. 'Tty to trace Ul.e \13rtous comporm1.ts of hUI"Mn e-.oolut1on Gmt: brain 
S1Ze on<! funoUon sket.t.l stn.,o.ue. d1otory proferorce. etc.) 
5. Flrd out thr""8h ln.,rnet =I popu1>z ~ ..ucles whii<ther =>ls 
oilier Uwl m<m has self-consc1ousness. 
6. List 10 modern-day ~• ~ us:1llg Ul.e 1nte:rnet resources link it to 
a corresponding a:nc:1e:nt fOss:il. Na:rne boili. 
7. Practlse dr......mg w:r10Us .nrn.Js =I plants. 
8. Descrtbe one e:x.c:mple of adapU,~ radiation. 
9. em \I.e ca.ll hum.cm. e-.~lut.ion ~ adapti,~ radia11orl? 
10. Ustng v.c:rtous resources such as }OUI' school U.brMf or Ul.e internet 
~ d1scusstons wtili your tea.che:r, trace Ul.e e-.olutionM}' ~s of 
<my one ~ say horse. 
UNITVlll 
BIOLOGY IN HUMAN WELFARE 
ChapterS 
Human Health and Disease 
Chapter9 
Strategies for Enhancement in 
Food Produc lion 
Chapter 10 
Microbes in Human We If are 
Biology is the youngest of lhe formalised disciplines of natural 
science. Progress in physics and chemistry proceeded much 
fasle r than in Biology. Applica lions of physics and c he mislry in 
our daity life a~o have a higher visibility than those of biology. 
However, twentieth century and certainly lwenty-firsl century 
has demonstrated the utility of biological knowledge in 
furthering human welfare, be it in health sector or agriculture. 
The discovery of antibiotics, and synthetic plant-derived drugs, 
anaesthetics have changed medical practice on one hand 
and human heallh on the other hand. Life expectancy of 
human beings have dramatically changed over lhe years. 
Agricultural practices, food processing and diagnostics have 
brough I soc io-c ultura I changes in human c ommu nilies. These 
are briefly described in the following three chapters of lhis unil. 
M.S. SwAMINATHAN 
{1925} 
Born in August 1925 in Kumbakonam in Tamil Nadu, Monkambu Sambasivan 
Swaminathan did his graduation and post-graduation in Botany from 
Madras University. He worked in different capacities in large number of 
institutions in India and abroad and developed his expertise in genetics 
and plant breeding. 
The School of Cytogenetics and Radiation Research established at the 
Indian Agricultural Research Institute (IARI) enabled Swaminathan and his 
team to develop short-duration high-yielding varieties of rice including scented 
Basmati. He is also known for the development of the concept of crop 
cafeteria, crop scheduling and gene ticalty improving the yield and qua lily. 
Swaminalhan initiated collaboration with Norman Borlaug, which 
culminated in the 'Green Revolution' through introduction of Mexican 
varieties of wheal in India. This was highly recognised and appreciated. He 
is also the initiator of 'Lab-lo-Land', food security and several other 
environmental programmes. He has been honoured with Padma Shushan 
and several other prestigious awards, medals and fellowships by institutions 
of excellence. 
CHAPTER 8 
HUMAN HEALTH AND DISEASE 
8.! Common.Dtseases tn. 
H"""""' 
8.2 l"""""I!J 
8.3 AIDS 
8.4 CAncer 
8.5 D"'9S ond.AI.cd\d. Abuse 
Health. fOr a long tirre. was considered as a state of bcxly 
.md. mind where lliere w.as .a bal3nce of cert.ain 'h.Ufi'Df's•. 
This is what early Greeks like Hipp:u:::r.ates .as lo'.:ell .as 
lndion Ayurveda system of rredicine asserted. It was 
thought that persons With 'blackbile' belonged to hot 
person3hlf .and. would. have fevers. This idea was .arrived. 
at by pure reflective thought. The disanery of blocxl 
Circulation by IMlliamHoney using expertrrental rrethcxl 
ond the demonstration of normal bcxly temperature in 
persons with blackbile using thermorreter disproved the 
'goodhurror'hypothesisofhealth.Inlateryears. biOlogy 
stated that mind influences. through neural system and 
enctocrtne system. our imrn.Wl.e system .and. tllat our 
imlntme system nuin lain sour health. Hence. mind .and. 
mmtal state can affect our healtll.. Of course. healtll. is 
affected by-
(i) geneti c disorders -deficiencies V>li tll. which a child is 
torn onddefieieneies/defects which the child inherits 
from parents from birth: 
(il) infections ond 
(iii) life style inclucling food ond water we Wee. rest and 
e:.rereise we gile toourtodies. h3.bits Ulat v>e have or 
lack etc. 
r 
8K'IIOGY 
The term health is very frequently used byeverybcxly. How do we 
defone ;t? Health does not simply rreon '•bsenceof disease'or'physical 
fitness'. It could be defined as a state of complete physical. mental ond 
social well-being. When people are healthy. they •re more effiCient •t 
work. This incre•ses prcxlucti<~ty and brings economic prosperity. Health 
.also increases longeVity of people .and reduces infant and maternal 
rmrtality. 
Balanced diet. perscnal hJ-l!iene andre~ e'Brcise are very important 
to m>int.m good health. Yoga has been practised since lirre imrrerrorial 
to .achieve physical .and ment.al healtll.. Aw.areness .about diseases and 
tll.eir effect on different bcdily fWl.ctions. vacCination (immunisation) 
.against infectious dise..ases. proper disposal of wastes. control of \ectors 
.and maintenance of hy~enic fbcd. .and water resources .are necessary fbr 
•thieving good health. 
When the funclioni ng of one or rmre orgons or systems of the bcxly is 
adversely affected. char•cten sed by v.nous signs ond symptoms. '"' say 
tll..at v>e are not healthy. i.e .. lo'.:e have .a disease. Diseases can be bro.adly 
grouped into infectlous .and non-tnfectlous. Diseases which .are easily 
transmitted from. one person to another . .are c.alled tnfectlousdJseases. 
Infectious diseases .are very C:Omi"I'DI'l. .and every one of us suffers from. 
tll.ese at sorretirre or other. Serre of tll.e infectious diseases like AIDS .are 
f.at.al. Am:lngnon -infectious diseases. cancer is tll.e major cause of cte.atll.. 
Drug and alcohol•buse also •fleet our health •d1ersely. 
8.1 Co1tt1ttON l)ls~SL<%Sk."S lN Hu~'i..~.,-s 
A V>lide range of organisms belonging to bacteria. Viruses. fWl.gi. 
protozoons. helrni.ntll.s. etc .. could cause diseases in awl. Such disease­
cauSing orgarusm.s .are called pathogens. All parasites .are tll.eretore 
p•lhogens •sthey c•u se harm to the host by liVing in (or on) them The 
p•lhogens con enterourbcxlyby ""nous rreans. rrultiply and interfere 
with normal <!tal •ctiVilies. resulting in morphological and functional 
damage. Pathogens ha1e to •d•pt to life within the enVironment of the 
host. For example. the p•thog.ns thet enter the gut rrust know • way of 
surviVing in the stomach •t low pH ond resisting the v.nous digestive 
enzymes. A few representative members from. different groups of 
p.atll.o~nic organisms ..are discussed here .alongwitll. tll.e diseases caused 
by them Preventi1e and oon1rol rreasures>gainst thesedise•ses in general. 
•re also briefly described. 
Sal.m:>neUo, t(Jpu is • p•thogenic bacterium which c•uses typhoid 
fe1er in hurnon beingS. These pathogens generally enter the small intestine 
through fOOd ond water contamin•ted with them •nct migrate to other 
orgons through blood. suswned high fever (39• to 4()'C). weakness. 
stomach pain. oonstip•tion. headache ond loss of •ppetite •re some of 
the common symptomsofthisdisease.lntestinal perfor•tion•nctcte•th 
may occur in se\ere cases. TyphOid fever could be confirmed by 
Wldal test A clasSic case in rredieine. that of M3Iy M3llon nicknarred 
Tgj:i\o<d.Marg. is worth mentioning here. She was a cook by professiOn 
mel was a typhoid cm1er who continued to spread typhOid ror several 
years through the fcx:d she prepared. 
Bacteria like S!Te)Xococru.s pneumorv.ae and liaem>plVb.ts ~nzae 
are responsible for Ole disea.se pnewnon1a in hunwls which infects llie 
alveoli (air filled sacs) of the lWlgs. As a result of the infectiOn. the alveoli 
g.t 61ledwith fluid leading to se.ere problems in respiratiOn. The symptoms 
of pneunDI"tia inclure fe,er. chills. cough a.nct headache. In severe cases. 
the lips and finger nails may tum gray to bluish in oolour. A healthy 
person a<XJuireS the infectiOn by inhaling the droplets/aerosols released 
by .m infected. person or even by shM'ingglasses .and. utenSils witll. .an 
infected person. Dysentery. plague. diphtheria. etc .. are sorre of the other 
bacteri31 diseases in nwl. 
M3.ny Viruses also cause diseases in hut'I'Wl beings. Rhino Viruses 
represent one such WOUP of VirUses which cause one of tl1e nDSt infectious 
hum:>n aUrrents- the common cold. They infect the nose and respiratory 
passag. but not the lungs. The oomrron cold is characterised by nasal 
oonges\iOn and discharg.. sore throat. hoarseness. cough. headache. 
tiredness. etc .• which usually last for 3-7 days. Droplets resulting from 
cough or sneezes of .an infected. person are either inh3led. directly or 
tr.msmitted tlu"ough contaminated. objects such as pens. books. cups. 
cborknobs. com.pu ter keytoa.rd or nuuse. etc .. .and. cause infectiOn in .a 
healthy person. 
Sorre of the human diseases are caused by protozoans too. You might 
have heard .a tout malaria . .a disease mm has been fighting since mmy 
Jears. Pktsm>d>Um a tinyprctozoan is responSiblebr this disease. Different 
species of Fto.sm>dium (P. owo.x. P. mal.aM. and P. fal.dparum) are 
responSible fbrdifferent \jlpesofrnalarta. Of these. moJi8lant rna1arta caused 
by Fto.sm>diumfal.Ciporumisthe rmst seriOus one and can even be fatal. 
Let us W<e a glance at the life cycle of P!a.sm>dium (Figure 8.1). 
Fto.smodium enters the human bcxly as sporozoites (infectiOus fOrm) 
tlu"ough the bite of infected female Anophel.es m::>squito. The parasites 
initially rrultiply Within the li\er cells and then attack the red blcx:d cells 
(RBCs) resulting in their rupture. TheruptureofRBCsis assoCiated With 
rele.ase of .a to.Xic subsl3nce. ha.ernozoin. which is responSible tbr llie chill 
and high fever recurring e\ery three to fOur days. When a female Anoji\e!es 
nDsquito bites .an infected. person. tll.ese pa.raSites enter the mosquitds 
l:ody and undergo further de\elopment. The paraSites rrultiply within 
them to fOrm sporozoites that are stored in their salivary glands. When 
lliese mosq uitces bite a h Ufi'Wl, llie sp:~rozOites are intro:lu ced. into his/ 
herbcxly. therebyini\ia\ing the ewnts mm\iOnect abO\e.l\ i$ in\eres\ing 
to note lliat tll.e mala.ri3.1 paraSite requires two hosts -human .and. 
rmsqui\oes- to complete its life cycle (Figure 8.1): the female Anopw!es 
rmsquitois the vector (transmitting agent) too. 
r 
' . 
F"is,u!e 8.1 Sla@s in U:e life cycle of ~cr.smodcum 
Ento.moeJxtl'tistdgt.:ca..is .a protozoan parasite in llie J.Mge intestine ot 
hurmn which causes amoeblasls(amoeblc dj.'Selltezy). Sjlmptoms of 
tll.is disea.se inclure constipatiOn • .abdomin.al pain .and. cramps. stools 
witll. e:..:cess muccu. s and. blo:d. clots. Houseflies act .as rrech3.ni cal CMrters 
.and. serve to tr.msmit llie parasite from. faeces ot infected person to fi:od. 
HUMAN HEAlTH AND DISEASE 
and food products, thereby contaminating them. 
Drinking water and food contaminated by the faecal 
matter are the main source of infection. 
Ascaris, the common round worm and Wuchereria, 
the filarial worm, are some of the helminths which are 
known to be pathogenic to man. Ascaris, an intestinal 
parasite causes ascariasis. Symptoms ofthese disease 
include internal bleeding, muscular pain, fever, anemia 
and blockage of the intestinal passage. The eggs of the 
parasite are excreted along with the faeces of infected 
persons which contaminate soil, water, plants, etc. A 
healthy person acquires this infection through 
contaminated water, vegetables, fruits, etc. 
Wuchereria (W bancroftiand W. malayi), the filarial 
worms cause a slowly developing chronic inflammation 
ofthe organs in which they live for many years, usually 
the lymphatic vessels of the lower limbs and the disease 
is called elephantiasis or filariasis (Figure 8.2). The 
genital organs are also often affected, resulting in gross 
deformities. The pathogens are transmitted to a healthy 
person through the bite by the female mosquito vectors. 
Many fungi belonging to the genera Microspornm, 
Trichophyton and Epidermophyton are 
Figure 8.2 Diagram showing 
inflamation in one of 
the lower limbs due 
to elephantiasis 
responsible for ringworms which is one of 
the most common infectious diseases in man. 
Appearance of dry, scaly lesions on various 
parts of the body such as skin, nails and 
scalp (Figure 8.3) are the main symptoms of 
the disease. These lesions are accompanied 
by intense itching. Heat and moisture help 
these fungi to grow, which makes them thrive 
in skin folds such as thos e in the groin or 
between the toes . Ringworms are generally 
acquired from soil or by using towels, clothes 
or even the comb of infected individuals. 
Figure 8.3 Diagram showing ringworm 
affected area of the skin 
Maintenance of personal and public hygiene is very important for 
prevention and control of many infectious diseases . Measures for pers onal 
hygi ene include k eeping the body clean; consumption of clean drinking 
water, food, vegetables, fruits, etc. Public hygiene includes proper disposal 
of wast e and excreta; periodic cleaning and disinfe ction of water reservoirs, 
pools, cesspools and tank s and observing standard practic es of hygien e 
in public caterin g. These measures are particularl y essential where the 
infectiou s a gents are transmitted through food and water such a s typh oid, 
amoebiasis and ascariasis. In cases of air-born e dis eases such as 
pneumonia and common cold, in addition to the above measures, close 
8K'IIOGY 
contact willi tll.e infected persons or tll.eir telongings should be .a\Oired. 
For diseases such .as m.al.ari.a .and filariasis lli.at .are tr.msmitted tll.rough 
insect vectors. the most impOfUnt measure is to oontrol or eliminate the 
vectors ond their breeding places. This can be achie,ed by aVOiding 
stagnation of water in ..and .around residential .areas. re~l.ar cleaning of 
household coolers. use c1. nusquito nets. intrcducing fishes like Go.mf.x.(.s(a. 
in ponds that feed on rrosq uito 13n<oe, spraying of insecticides in ditches. 
drainage areas and sw.ornps. etc. In addition, doors and Wincbws should 
be pro~ded With wire rresh to prevent the entry of mosquitoes. Such 
precautions ha \e be rome ail the rrore importml especially in the light of 
recent lo\lirespre.ad incidences of llie \ector-borne (Aedes nusquitces) 
diseases like den~e and chikungunya in many ports of India. 
The .actv.mcerrents made in biOlo~c.al science h.a\e .armed us to 
eftecti\ely re.at willi rrw1y infectious diseases. The use of vaccines .and 
irnrnwl.is.ation progr.amrres have enabled us to completely eradicate .a 
deadly disease like smallpe<x. A large nwnberof other infectious diseases 
like polio. diphtheria, pneumonia and tetanus have been controlled to a 
large extent by the use of vacCines. Biotechnology (about which you will 
read rrore in Chapter 12) is at the verge of making available ne""r ond 
safer vaccines. Discovery of .mtibiOtics md variOUs otll.erctrugs has .also 
enabled us toeffecti\elytre.at infectious diseases. 
S, ~ bU.UJNI'!Y 
Everyday"" are exposed tolar!!' number of infectious agents. However. 
only .a few of tll.ese exposures result in disease. Why? This is due to llie 
fact that the body isable to defend i \self from !lDS\ of these Uei~ agents. 
This overall ability of the host to fight the disease-cauSing organisms. 
conferred by the irrlrrD.ule system is called Immunity. 
lrnrrunity is of two types: (i) Innate irnrrunity and (u) Acquired 
irrlrrD.uli ty. 
8.2.1 Innate Immunity 
Innate immunity is non-speCific type of defence. tll..at is present .at llie 
time of birth. This is accomplished byp~ding difrerent types of bamers 
to the entry of the fbrei,gn agents intoourbody. Innate irnrrunity conSist 
of fOur types of barriers. These are-
(i) Physic.al barriers : Skin on our body is the mom bamer which 
prevents entry of llie micro-org.misms. Mucus coating of llie 
epithelium lining the respiratory. gastrointestinal and urogenital 
tracts also help in trapping microbes entering our body. 
(u) Physiologic.al barriers: Acid in the stomach. saliva in the mouth. 
tears fromeyes-all prevent microbial growth. 
(iii) Cellular barrier-s: Certain types of leukocytes (WBC) of our body 
like polymorpho-nuclear leukocytes (PMNL..-neutrophUs) and 
HUMAN HEAlTH AND DISEASE 
monocytes and natural killer (type oflymphocytes) in the blood as 
well as macrophages in tissues can phagocytose and destroy 
microbes. 
(iv) Cytokine barriers : Virus-infected cells secrete proteins called 
interferons which protect non-infected cells from further viral infection. 
8.2.2 Acquired Immunity 
Acquired immunity, on the other hand, is pathogen specific. It is 
characterised by memory. This means that our body when it encounters 
a pathogen for the first time produces a response called prilll.8lY response 
which is oflow intensity. Subsequent encounter with the same pathogen 
elicits a highly intensified secondary or anamnestic response . This 
is ascribed to the fact that our body appears to have memory of the 
first encounter. 
The primary and secondary 
immune responses are carried 
out with the help of two 
special types of lymphocytes 
present in our blood, 
i.e., B-lymphocytes and T­
lymphocytes .The B-lymphocytes 
produce an army of proteins in 
response to pathogens into our 
blood to figh t with them . These 
proteins are called antibodies. 
The T -cells themselve s do not 
s ecrete antib odies but help B 
cells p rod uce them. Each 
antibody molecule has four 
peptid e chains, two small called 
light chains and two longer 
called heavy chains. Hence , an 
antibody is represented as H2L2• 
Different types of antib odies are 
Figure 8.4 Structure of an antibody molecule 
produced in our body. lgA, IgM, lgE , IgG are some of them . A cartoon of 
an antibody is given in Figure 8.4 . Because these antibodies are found in 
th e blo od, the respon s e i s a lso called as humoral immune response . 
This is one of the two types of our acquir ed immune r espon se - antib ody 
mediated. The second type is called cell -medi ated immune response or 
cell-mediated immunity (CMI). The T -lymphoc ytes mediate CML Very 
often, when some human organs like heart. eye, liver, kidney fail to function 
s atisfactorily , tran splat ation is the only remedy to enable the patient to 
live a norm al life. Then a search begins - to find a suit able donor . Why is 
it that the organs canrwt be takenfrom j ust any body ? What is it that 
8K'IIOGY 
the dodors check? Or.3fts from. just .any source - .m .animal . .mother 
primate. or anyhumm beings connot be mode since the grofts """ld be 
rejected sooner or later. Tissue matching. blco:l group matching •re 
essenlial before undert.oking any groft/lransplant andelen after this the 
patient has toW<eimm~uppresants .U his/her life. The bcxlyis able 
to differentiate 'self• .md 'nonselt .mct llie cell-rredi.ated immune resf0!1se 
is resp:>nSible fOr thegroft rejection. 
8.2.3 Active and Passive Immunity 
When a hos\is exposed to antigens. which may be in the fOrm of liVing 
or dead microtes or ollier proteins . .antibcdies are pm:tuced. in llie host 
bocty. This type of immunity is called acUve lmmWllty. Actile imrrD.ulity 
is slow .and. t3kes time to give its full eftecti\e resf0!1se. Injecting llie 
microbes reliter.ately ctunng immwl.isa.tion or infectious org.anism.s 
g.aining .access into body during n.atur.al infection induce .active 
imn'D.ulity. When reacty.mocte antibc:dies are directly g;ven to protect 
the body against fOreign agents. it is called passive Immunity. Do gou 
knoco whg m::>ther's mak (S consV::l.ered oerg essentV:U for the new­
born infane? The JellOWish fluid colostrum secreted b:y rrother during 
the inilial days of lactation has abundant antibodies (IgA) to protect the 
infant. The feet us .also recei\es sorre .mtib:dies from. tll.eir motll.er. 
through the plarenta duri11g pregnancy. These are sorre e~amples of 
p.assive imlnwlity. 
8.2.4 Vaccination .and lnununisation 
The principle of imlnw'lis.atiOn or v.acein.ation is b.ased on tll.e property of 
'merrorj' of the imrrD.ule system. In vaccination. a preparation of antigenic 
proteins of pathogen or inaclivatedf""okened pathogen (vaccine) are 
intrcxluced into the body. The antibodies prcxluced in the bcxly against 
lliese .antigens would. neutr.alise tll.e p.atll.ogenic agents ctunng .actu.al 
infection. Tile v.aceines alsogener.ate IIIBIIU"f-B.md. T -cellstll.at recoghise 
the p.atll.ogen quickly on subsequent e:...:posure .md. overwhelm. llie 
in v.acters Willi .a m.asSi \.e prcdu ction of .m tibcdies. It .a person is infected. 
Willi sorre cte.adl.ymicrobes to which quick imlntme response is required. 
.as in tet.mus. we need to directly inject tll.e pre1i:lm'ed. .antibcdies. or 
antito.'!in (a preparation oonlainingantibcxlies to the to.'!in). Ellen in cases 
of snokebites. the injection which isgi'en to the patients. contain preronred 
.antibcdies .ag&nst tll.e sm.ke \enom.. This type of immwl.isa.tion is c.alled. 
passive immwtlsatf.on. 
Recombinant DNA technology has allol<"d the production of antigenic 
pol:ypeplides of pathogen in bacteria or yeast. Vaccines produced using 
this approach allow 13rge scale production and hence geater availability 
for imn'D.ulisation. e.g .. hepatitis Bvaccine produced from :yeast. 
S. 2. 5 AU ergies 
Did this ru.ppen to :you? When :you 113\e gooe to a new place 3Jld sucl:lenly 
:you started sneeZing. wheeZing for no explained reason, 3Jld when :you 
cane .aw.ay. your symptoms diss.appeared? s~ of us .are sensitive to 
some pa.rticles in llie en\lirOnment. The .above-rrentioned reaction could. 
te because of allergy to pollen. mites. etc .. which are different in ditrerent 
places. 
The exaggerated. response of Ole immune system. to cert.ain .mtigens 
present in the enVirOrU'rent is called. anergy. The substmces to which 
such .m irnl'nw1e response is pm:tuced. are called allerg:ms. Tile antibcdies 
prcduced to these are of I~ type. OJmrron examples of ollergens are 
mites in dust, p:>llens, onimal donder, etc. symptoms of ollergtc reactions 
inclure sneeZing, watery e)es, running nose and difficulty in breathing. 
Allergy is due to llie rele.ase of chemicals like histamine .and. serotonin 
from the mast cells. For retermining the cause of .nergy, the patient is 
exposed to or injected witll. \ery Sfl'l3ll cbses ot p:~s Sible .allergens . .md.llie 
reactions studied. The use of drugs like anti·histarnine, adrenolin and 
steroids quickly reduce the symptoms of ollergy. Sorrehow, m::dem·daY 
life style ru.s resulted in lowering of i!ll!l'D.Inity and more sensitiVity to 
3llergens- m:re .and. nDre children in rretro Cities of India suffer from. 
.nerg;es and asthma due tosenSiti~tyto theen~ronment. This could be 
because of the protectedenVirOnlllent proVided early in life. 
8.2.6 Auto Immunity 
Memory·basect acquired i!ll!l'D.Inity evolved in higher vertebrates based 
on the ability todifrerenliate Ueignorganisrns (e.g .. palllO!I'ns) from self. 
cells. While we still do not unrerstand the baSis of this, tv.<> coroll3r'ies of 
this abilityru.'e to be understo::d. One, hipnertebrates can distinguish 
rore;gn molecules as well as rore;gn organisms. Most of the «<perirrental 
immWlOIDgydeals With this aspect. n.o, sornelirres, due to genetic and 
other W1kmwn reascns, the bocty attacks self.cells. This results in damage 
to llie b:dy and is called. auto-1mmwte dise.ase. Rheumatoid. arthritis 
which .affects mmy people in our society ism .au to-immune disease. 
8.2.7 Immune Syste:m in the Body 
The human immwl.e system. consists of l}'mphOid orgms. tissues. cells 
3Jld soluble rrolecules like antibodies. As )OU 113\e read, irnrrD.tne system 
is unique in llie sense tll..at it recognises fOreign antigens. responds to 
these 3Jld rerrembers them The immune system also plays an irnp:rtant 
role in .allergic reactions . .auto-immune diseases .and. organ 
tn.nsplantation. 
Lymphoid organs: These are the organs where ~nand/or maturation 
3Jld proliferation of lymphoc)'tes occur. The primary lymphoid organs 
are bonemaiTOw 3Jld thymus where immature lymphocytes differentiate 
r 
Figure 8.5 
1bymus 
Diagrammatic 
representation 
ofLymphnodes 
BIOlOGY 
into antigen-sensitive lymphocytes. After maturation the 
lymphocytes migrate to secondary lymphoid organs like spleen, 
lymph nodes, tonsils, Peyer's patches of small intestine and 
appendix. The secondary lymphoid organs provide the sites 
for interaction of lymphocytes with the antigen, which then 
proliferate to become effector cells. The location of various 
lymphoid organs in the human body is shown in Figure 8.5. 
The bone marrow is the main lymphoid organ where all 
blood cells including lymphocytes are produced. The thymus 
is a lobed organ located near the heart and beneath the 
breastbone. The thymus is quite large at the time of birth but 
keeps redudng in size with age and by the time puberty is 
attained it reduces to a very small size. Both bone-marrow 
and thymus provide micro-environments for the development 
and maturation ofT -lymphocytes. The spleen is a large bean­
shaped organ. It mainly contains lymphocytes and phagocytes. 
It acts as a illter of the blood by trapping blood-borne micro­
organisms. Spleen also has a large reservoir of erythrocytes. 
The lymph nodes are small solid structures located at different 
points along the lymphatic system. Lymph nodes serve to trap the 
micro-organisms or other antigens, which happen to get into the lymph 
and tissue fluid. Antigens trapped in the lymph nodes are responsible for 
the activation of lymphocytes present there and cause the immune 
response. 
There is lymphoid tissue also located within the lining of the major 
tracts (respiratory, digestive and urogenital tracts) called mucosal­
associated lymphoid tissue (MALT). It constitutes about 50 per cent of 
the lymphoid tissue in human body. 
8.3 AIDS 
The word AIDS stands for Acquired Immwto Deficiency Syndrome. 
This means deficiency of immune system, acquired during the lifetime of 
an individual indicating that it is not a congenital disease . 'Syndrome' 
means a group of symptoms. AIDS was first reported in 1981 and in the 
last twenty-five years or so, it has spread all over the world killing more 
than 25 million persons. 
AIDS is caused by the Human Immuno deficiency Virus (HIV), a 
member of a group of viruses called retrovirus, which have an envelope 
enclosing the RNA genome (Figure 8.6). Transmission of HN-infection 
generally occurs by (a) sexual contact with infected person , (b) by 
transfusion of contaminat ed blood and blood products, (c) by sharing 
infected needles as in the case ofintravenous drug abusers and (d) from 
infected moth er to h er child through plac enta. So, p eople who are at high 
risk of getting this infection includ es - individuals who have multipl e 
:·lll.lM!! HEAlTH A!!O OM.Uf 
'l'l:oll!A 
-
-cdl 
!llt:w-RNA 
Mp-:0 1bJ 
t:hl m~ :•6d cd 
-
NOl'E• li4ocbidoell""' ......... willie --bolof ft1J" tee! cd f'e1eeeec! 
Fis,-ure 8.6 Replication of retrcMru:s 
seXW>l portners. drug octdicts who toke drugs intra\enously. indi\.lduals 
who require repeated blcx:d tronsfuSions ond children born to on HIV 
infected rmlher. Do gou !<now-when do peo)Xe need. repeated. blood. 
!Tarufus(On? Ftnd. out at\d. m:ol<e a.!i.st of suchcondJ.t(Ons. It is important 
to note that HIV 1 AIDS is not spread bY rrere touch or physical contact: it 
spreads only through lxxlyfluids. I tis. hence. imperative. fOr the physical 
ond psychological well-teing. that the H!V /AIDS infected persons are 
not isolated from fomily ond soCiety. There is alw.ays a time-~ bet""en 
the infection and appearonce of AIDS symptoms. This peried may vary 
from a few months to many years (usually 5-10 years). 
r 
8K'IIOGY 
After gettingintolhe bcdyoftre perscn. the wus enters into ma~s 
where RNAgenorre of tre Virus replicates to fOrm W"al DNA with the help of 
the enzJ>Ire nnerse trmscriptase.This W"o.l DNA !,Ills ino::u p:llatedintohost 
cell's DNA and directs the infected cells to produce Virus porticles 
(Figure 8.6). The macrop~s oontinue to pro:luce wus and in this way 
acts like • H!Vfactory. Sinrultoneously. HI Venters into helper T -IJmPhocytes 
(T ,J. replicates and pro:luce prcgenywuses. The progeny wuses released 
in the blo:d attackctherhelperT -IJmPhocytes. This is repeated leading to a 
progresSive decrease in the numberofhelperT-lyrrphocytes in the lxxlyof 
the infected person. During this peried. the person suffers from bouts of 
feler.diarthoeaand we;ght loss. Due to decrease in the nwnberof helperT 
lyrrphocJ-tes. tre person sWts sufferingfrcm infecticns that oould have been 
otherwise 011eroorre such as those due to bactenaespeei.Uy Mgcolxr.denum. 
Viruses. fungi and even parasites like Toxop!asm:<. The patient beoorres so 
imrrD.tno-defi.cient lhet he/she is unable to protect himself/herself >gainst 
these infections. A Widely used di~stic test fbr AIDS is enzyme llnlted 
!nun IDl0-60IbentasBzy (EUSA). Treatmmtof AIDS With anti-retrooiral drugs 
is only portially effecti"'· They can only prolcng the life ci the patient but 
c3Jllld. pre.entreatll.. which is ineVitable. 
Preventk>n of AIDS: As AIDS has no cure. prevention is the best optiOn. 
Moremer. HIV infection. m:re often. spreads due to consciOus tehaViOur 
patterns and is oo rornelhing tha\ happmsinactvertent.ly.like pnewronia 
or t}'Phoid Of course. infection in blo:d. transfusiOn patients. new-borns 
(frommctherj etc .• may take place due to poor rronitonng. The only excuse 
may be tgnorance and it has been nghUy so;ct- "cbn~ die of ignorance·. 
In our country the Nationol AIDS O:>ntrol Organisation (NACO) and other 
non -governrrental organisation (NGOs) are cbingalot to educate people 
about AIDS. WHO has started • number of progronmes to prevent the 
spreading of HIV infectiOn. Making blcx:d (from blcx:d banks) safe from 
HIV. ensuring the useofonlydisposable needlesand syrin!i'S in public 
and priw.tehospitols and clinics. free dist!lbution of oondoms. ccntrolling 
drug abuse. ad\Ocatmg safe se:< and promoting regular check-ups fi:Jr 
HIVin susceptible populations. are some such steps l3ken up. 
Infection with H!V or haVing AIDS is sorrelhing lhet should not be 
hidden - since then. the infectiOn may spread to many rrore people. 
HIV/AIDS-infected people need help and sympathy instead of being 
shunned by soCiety. Unless societyreoogruses it as • problem to be dealt 
witll. in a collective n'W'lll.er- the chances of '»iCier spread of tll.e disease 
increase manifold. It is • malady lhet can only be tackled. by the soCiety 
and medical fraterni \Y acting together. to pre,ent the spread of the disease. 
Cancer is one of the most dreaded diseases of hUI'I'Wl beings and. is a 
major cause of death allover the globe. More than a milliOn Indians suffer 
from cancer ond a lar!l' nwnber of them die from it annually. The 
rrech3.nisms tll.at uncterhe cteveloprrent of ca.ncer or oncogenic 
transrormalionof cells. its treatmmt onct control have teen some of the 
nDst intense a.rea.s of research in biOlogy .mct m:dicine. 
In our bcxly. cell growth ond differentiation is highly controlled and 
regulated In ca.ncer cells. tll.ere is breakdown of lliese regulatory 
mechanisms. Normal cells show a property called contact Inhibition by 
wtue of which contact witll. ollier cells inhibits llieir Wl.Contrdled growth. 
Omcer cells appears to ha \e lost this property. As a result ct this. cancerous 
cells just continue to diVide giVing rise to masses of cells called. tumors. 
1\trrors are of t"o twes: benign ond malignant. Benign tumoiSncrmolly 
remom confined totheirorigin3llocation and dO not spread to other ports 
of the bcxly ond cause little d~e. The mallgnant tumoiS. on the 
other hond are a mass of proliferating cells called neoplastic or tumor 
cells. These cells g;:ow very rapidly. invading and da~ing the 
surrounding normal tissues. As these cells actively divide and~ they 
also starve the normal cells by oompelingfbr Vital nutrients. Cells sloughed 
from such tumors reach distant Sites through blc:xxl. ond where\er they 
get lodged in the l:ody. they start a new turror there. This property called 
metastasis is the most feared property of malignant turrors. 
Causes of cancer : Tr.msformation of normal cells into cancerous 
neoplastic cell srnay be induced by physical. chemical or biological agents. 
These agents are calledcarolnogens.loniSingradiations likeX-rays and 
gamma rays ond non-ioniZing radiations like UV cause DNA d~e 
leading to neoplastic transformation. The chemical carcinO!I'ns present 
in tobacco snDke ha\e been identified .as .a major cause ofltmg cancer. 
C3ncer cauSing wuses called oncogenic vtruses ha\egenes called v1ral 
oncogenes. Furthermore. several genes ca.lled. celhtlar oncogenes 
(c-one) or proto oncogenes ha\e been identified. in normal cells which. 
when .activated. under certain conditions. could. lead to oncogenic 
transformation of the cells. 
Cancerdetectlon and diagnosis: E.artyctetectionof cancers is essential 
.as it 3llows llie disease tote treated successfully in nwlf cases. Cancer 
detection is based on biopsy ond histopathological studies of the tissue 
.and blo:d. and. bone marrow tests fbr increased cell cOWl.ts in llie case of 
leukemias. In biopsy. a piece of the suspected tissue cut into thin sections 
is stained ond "'<arnined under micros rope (histopatho~cal studies) by 
a pathologist. Techniques like radiography (use of X-rays). CT (computed 
torrography) ond MRI (magnetic resonance irrl3ging) are \ery useful to 
detect cancers of the in temal organs. a:mputed torrography uses X-rays 
to generate a three-dimensional irna!i' of the internals of an object. MRI 
uses strong fro3l81ic fields ond IDil·iDiliSing radiations to acClU'atelJ1cl3tect 
pathological and physiOlogical changes in the llW>g tissue. 
Antibcd.ies .against cancer-specific .antigens .are .also used. for 
detection of certain cancers. 'Ieclul.iques of molecular biology can be 
r 
BIOlOGY 
applied to detect genes in individuals with inherited susceptibility to 
certain cancers. Identification of such genes, which predispose an 
individual to certain cancers, may be very helpful in prevention of cancers. 
Such individuals may be advised to avoid exposure to particular 
carcinogens to which they are susceptible (e.g., tobacco smoke in case 
oflung cancer). 
Treatment of cancer: The common approaches for treatment of cancer 
are surgery, radiation therapy and immunotherapy. In radiotherapy, 
tumor cells are irradiated lethally, taking proper care of the normal tissues 
surrounding the tumor mass . Several chemotherapeutic drugs are used 
to kill cancerous cells. Some of these are specific for particular tumors. 
Majority of drugs have side effects like hair loss, anemia, etc. Most cancers 
are treated by combination of surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy. 
Tumor cells have been shown to avoid detection and destruction by 
immune system. Therefore, the patients are given substances called 
biological response modifiers such as a-interferon which activate their 
immune system and help in destroying the tumor. 
8.5 DRuGs A.ND ALCOIIOL ABusE 
Surveys and statistics show that use of drugs and alcohol has been on 
the rise especially among the youth . This is really a cause of concern as it 
could result in many harmful effects. Proper education and guidance 
would enable youth to safeguard themselves against these dangerous 
behaviour patte rns and follow healthy lifestyles. 
The drugs, which are commonly abused are opioids, cannabinoids 
and coca alkaloids . Majority ofthese are obtained from flowering plants. 
Some are obtained from fungi. 
Opioids are the drugs, which bind to specific opioid receptors pres ent 
in our central nervous system and gastrointestinal tract. Heroin 
(Figure 8. 7), commonly called smack is chemically diacetylmorphine which 
is a white, odourless , bitter crystallin e compound. This is obtain ed by 
acetylation of morphine (Figure 8.7), which is extracted from the latex of 
·~ 
' 
0 
Figure 8.7 Chemical structure of Morphine Figure 8.8 Opium p oppy 
HUMAN HEAlTH AND DISEASE 
poppy plant Papaver somniferum (Figure 8.8). Generally taken by snorting 
and injection, heroin is a depressant and slows down body functions. 
Cannabinoids are a group of chemicals (Figure 8.9), which interact 
with cannabinoid receptors present principally in the brain. Natural 
cannabinoids are obtained from the inflorescences of the plant Cannabis 
sativa (Figure 8.10). The flower tops, leaves and the resin of cannabis 
plant are used in various combinations to produce marijuana, hashish, 
charas and ganj a. Generally taken by inhalation and oral ingestion, these 
are known for their effects on cardiovascular system of the body. 
Figure 8.9 Skeletal structure of 
cannabinoid molecule 
Coca alkaloid or cocaine is obtained from coca 
plant Erythroxylum coca, native to South America. It 
interferes with the transport of the neuro-transmitter 
dopamine. Cocaine, commonly called coke or crack is 
usually snorted. It has a potent stimulating action on 
central nervous system, producing a sense of euphoria 
and increased energy. Excessive dosage of cocaine 
causes hallucinations. Other well-known plants with 
hallucinogenic properties are Atropa belladona and 
Datura (Figure 8.11). These days cannabinoids are also 
being abused by some sportspersons. 
Drugs like barbiturates, amphetamines, 
benzodiazepines , lysergic acid diethyl arnides (LSD), 
Figure 8.10 Leaves of Cannabis saiim 
and other similar drugs, that are normally used as Figure 8.11 Flowering branch of Datura 
medicines to help patients cope with mental illnesses 
like depression and insomnia, are often abused. Morphine is a very effective 
sedative and painkiller, and is very useful in patients who have undergone 
surgery. Several plants, fruits and seeds having hallucinogenic properties 
have been used for hundreds of years in folk -medicine , religious ceremonies 
and rituals all over the globe. When thes e are taken for a purpose other 
than medicinal use or in amounts/frequency that impairs one's physical, 
physiological or psychological functions, it constitutes drug abuse . 
8K'IIOGY 
Srroking olso paves the way to hMd drugs. Tobacco has been used 
by human beings fbr rrore than 400 yeors.ltis srroked. che'A,dor used 
as a snuff. Tobacco contair.s a IM'ge r.urnber of cheMicol substances 
including nicotine, an olkaloid. Nicotine stimulates adrenol g)and to 
relea.se .adreMhne a.nd nor..adreMline into blo:d. Circulation. botll. of 
which ra.ise blo:d. pressure .and. increa.se heMt ra.te. SmJkingis a.ssociated. 
willi increa.sed incidence of cancers of lung. unna.ryblad:ier a.nd. tlu"oo.t. 
bronchitis. emphysema. ccronary heart disease. gastric ulcer. etc. Tobacco 
cheWing is a.ssoeia.ted. Willi increa.sed risk of ca.ncer of tll.e or.al ca.\r1ty. 
Smoking increases carbon rmna:<ide (CO) content in blood and reduces 
llie concentra.tion of haembOWl.d.a::.:ygen. This ca. uses a::.:ygen deficiency 
in the body. 
When one buys pa.ckets of ciga.rettes one C3.1Ul.ot miss tll.e st.a.tutory 
worning that is present on the packing which warns against srroking 
and says how it is injuriOus to heolth. Yet. srmking is very prevolent in 
society. both armng young and old Knowing the dangers of srroking 
and chewing tobacco. and its addictile nature. the youth and old need to 
a\Oid these habits. Any addict requires counselling and rredicol help to 
get ndofthe habit. 
8.5.l Adolescence and Drug/Alcohol Abuse 
Adolescence rreans botll. •a. penoo• and. •a. process• during which a. child. 
becomes m3.ture in terms of his/her a.ttituctes a.nd. behefs for effective 
pa.rticipa.tion in society. The pericd. between 12-18 yea.rs of a.ge m3.Y 
be tll.ought of a.s a.ctolescence pericd.. In other words. a.ctolescence is a. 
bridge linking childhood and adulthood. Adolescence is accompanied 
by sever.al biologica.la.nd. beh3.Vi0Ur.al ch3.nges. Adolescence. llius is a. 
very vulnerable phase of menlo.! and psychological developrrent of an 
i nd.iVid.ua.l. 
CurioSity. need fbr .adventure a.nd. exciterrent. and. experimen t.a.tion. 
constitute commJn causes. which motiv.ate youngsters towards drug 
a.nd. .alcohol use. A child.•s na.tura.l curiosity motiva.tes him/her to 
e"ff'rirren t. This is complicated further by effects that Might be percei led 
a.s benefits,of 3lcohol or ctruguse. Thus. tll.e first use of drugs or a.lcohol 
m3.Y be out of curiosity or experirl'ent.a.lion. but later tll.e child. st.a.rts 
uSing these toescape t:aeingproblerns. Of late. stress. from pressures to 
excel in a.cademics or exa.miMtiOns. ha.s pla.yect a. significant role in 
persuading the youngsters to try alcohol and drugs. The perception 
armng youth that it is 'cool' or progresSive to smoke, use drugs or 
a.lcohol. is a.lsoin a. way a. nujor ca. use for youlli to st.art these h3.bits. 
TeleVisiOn. movies. newpa.pers. internet a.lso help to pronute this 
perception. Other t:actors that have been seen to be assoCiated With drug 
a.nd. a.lcohol a.buse a.rrDng a.cblescents a.re Wl.sla.ble or unsupportive 
fomily structures and peer pressure. 
8.5.2 Addiction and Dependence 
Because of the perceived benefits. drugs are frequently used reP"atectly. 
The rmst important thing. which one taUs to realise. is the inherent 
addictive nature of olcohol and drugs. Addiction is a psychological 
attachrrent to certom effects -such as euphoria and a temporary feeling 
otwell-being -assoCiated With drugs and olcohol. These dtl\e people to 
l3l<e llierne\en when lliese .are not neered. C£'8\erl. 'l>lhen llieiruse tecorres 
self-destructive. With repeated use of drugs. the tolerance lelel of the 
receptors present in our tocty increa.ses. Q:lnsequently llie receptors 
respond only to higher doses of drugs or alcohol leading to greater intol<e 
and addiction. However. it should be clearly borne in mind that use of 
lliese drugs even once. can be .a fore-rurmer to .addictiOn. Thus. llie 
addictive potential of drugs and alcohol. pull the user into a ViCiOus Circle 
leading to their regular use (abuse) from which he/she may not be able 
togetout.In the absence of any guidance or counselling. the person g.ts 
3.dcticted and becorres ctepenrent on llieir use. 
Dependence is the tendency of the body to manifest a charactenstic 
and unpleasant wlthdiawal syndrome ii regular dose of drugs 1 olcohol 
is abruptly discontinued. This is charactensed by onxiety. shokiness. 
nausea md. sweating. which maybe relieVed when use is resurrect.ag3.in. 
In sorre cases. willictr.aw.al symptoms can be severe and. even life 
threatening and the person mayneedrredicol superVision. 
Dependence leads the patient to ;gnore oll social norms in order to 
get sufficient funds to satiate his/her needs. These result in many social 
adjustrrent problems. 
8.5. ~ Efl'ect<; of Drug/ A\eoltol Abuse 
The im!rediate adlerse effects of drugs and olcohol abuse are manifested 
in tll.e form of reckless behaViOur. v3Jld.3.lism .and. \riolence. &~cessive 
doses of drugs may lead to coma and death due to respiratory failure. 
heort failure or cerebrol hermrrhage. A combination of drugs or their 
intoke >long With olcohol generally results in overdoSing and even 
deaths. The most conmon warning s;gns of drug and olcohol abuse 
among youth include drop in academic performance. unexplained 
absence from school/college. lack of interest in personol hygiene. 
Willictr.aw.al. isolation. depressiOn. fatigue . .aggressive .and. rebellious 
behaViOur. deteoorating relationships With family and fl"iends.loss of 
interest in hobbies. ch3.nge in sleeping .and. eating habits. fluctuations 
in "";ght. appetite. etc. 
There may e'en be some tar-reaching implic~tions of drug/ olcohol 
abuse.lf a abuseris unable to get money to buy drugs/alcohol he/she 
may tum to steoling. The adverse effects are just not restricted to the 
f"TSon who is using drugs or alcohol. f>J.Iirnes. a drug/olcohol addict 
becorres the cause of rrentol and finanCial distress tohisfherenlirefamily 
andfnends. 
r 
8K'IIOGY 
Those who l3ke drugs intravenously (direct injectiOn into llie vein 
uSing a needle ond Sy't'inge). ore rruch rmre likely to acquire seriOus 
infections like AIDS and hepatitis B. The "ruses. which oreresjD!!Sible 
for these diseases. ore transferred from one person to onotherby shoring 
of infected needles and synnges. Both AIDS ond Hepatitis B infections 
are chronic infections and ultimately fatal. AIDS can be transmitted to 
one's life portner throu,gh se:<ual oontact while Hepatitis Bis transmitted 
through infected blcx:d . 
The use of alcc:hol durtng acblescence may also have long -termetrects. 
It could lead toheavydrtnkingin adulthood. The chronic use of drugs and 
aloohol d=ges nervous systemond liver (cirrhosis). The use of drugs 
ond aloohol durtngpre~ancyis also known to ad\ersely oifect the !cetus. 
Anotll.er misuse of drugs is what certain sportspersons do to enhmce 
tll.eir per1brnwlce. They (mis)use narcotic arl3lgeSics . .matdic steroids. 
diuretics and certain homDnes in sports to increase muscle strengtll. md. 
bulk and to prortDte aggresSi\eness and as a result increase atll.letic 
performance. The Sire -effects of the use of .mabolic steroids in females 
include masculinisation (features like n'Wes). increased. agwesSiveness. 
nDcd. s'Nings. repression. abnorn"W menstrual cycles. excesSi\e hair 
growth on the face and body. enlarg.ment of clitoris. reepmingof VOice. 
In males it includes .acne. increased. aggressiveness. m:od. s'Nings. 
depresSion. reduction of size ofthetesticles. decreased sperm production, 
potential fer kidney and liver dysfunction. breast enlargement. premature 
baldness. enlargement of the prostate glond. These effects may be 
permanent Willi prolonged. use. In tll.e acblescent male or fefl"We. se\ere 
facial ond body acne. and premature closure of the growth centres of the 
long bones may result in stunted growth. 
8.5.4 Prevention and Control 
The a g. -old adage of 'pre,enlion is better than cure' holds true here also. 
It is also true that habits such as smoking. taking drug or alcohol are 
rmre likely to be ta1<e:n up at a young age. more during adolescence. 
Hence. it is test to irentify llie SituatiOns tllat may push m adolescent 
towMds use of drugs or alcohol. and. to talce rerred.ial rreasures TA'ell in 
time. hl. this reg.ard.. tll.e parents and. llie teachers have a special 
responSibility. Porenting that combines with high levels of nurturance 
and. consistent disCipline. has been associated. willi lov.-ered n.sk of 
substance (alcohol/drugs/tobacco) abuse. Serre of the rreasures 
mentioned here would be particularly useful fOr prevention ond control 
of alcohol ond drugs abuse armng adolescents 
(i) Avoid undue peer pressW'e- E\ery child has his/her own chOice 
and persoriality. which should be respected ond nurtured. A child 
should not be pushed unduly to perfOrm be)Ond his/her threshold 
limits: be it studies. sp:~rts orotll.er acti\lilies. 
(u) Education and coun.selli719 - Educating ond COWlselling him/ 
her to face problems .and. stresses . .and. to .accept dis.appOintrrents 
ond Mules as a pMt of life. It IOOUid also be IOOrthwhile to clwlnelise 
the childs energy into healthy pursUits like sports. reoding. rru Sic. 
yoga a. nct otll.er e:.ct ra cum cu 1M .actiVities. 
(iii) Soorcin9 help from parents and peers -Help from parents and 
peers should be sought inmediately so that they can gUide 
appropriately. Help may e'en be sought from close ond trusted 
friends. Besides getting proper ad~se to sort out their problems. 
this """ld help )<lung to vent their feelings of anXiety ond gUilt. 
(i\j Loold719for da719er signs -Alert parents and teachers need to 
look tor and identify the danger s;gns discussed abme. Elen fnends. 
ii they find sorreone using drugs or alcohol. should not hesitate to 
bring tll.is to tll.e notice ot parents or teacher in the best interests ot 
the person concerned Appropriate rreasures """ld then be reqUired 
todia~ose the malady and the underlying causes. This "ould help 
in initiating proper rerredial steps or treatrrent. 
(<j Seeki"9 ~essional and medical help -A lot of help is available 
in the fOrm of highly quoliiied psychologists. psychiatrists. ond de­
addiction and rehabilitation programrres to help indi~duals who 
havetmfortunatelygot in thequa!r<>ifeofdrug/alcohol abuse. With 
such help. the oifected indiVidual With suf!icienteflbrts ond will pD~<..-. 
can !l't rid of the problem completely and lead a perfectly normal 
ondhealthyllte . .... ................................................. . 
SUMI'IIARY 
Heru.Ul.tsnot jUSt the a.bsen::e of dise?se. It 1S a state of com p1ete ph~ 
monW. soc< a! on<! psychologtcal well- bemg. DlSeoses like typhoid. 
choler~ pnewnoni.~ fl.m@l Ulfecuons of skin. m3l.ma and mmy oiliers 
Me a major cause of distress to human. bemgs. Vector-borr.e dise~ 
like I'MlMta espe::1ally or.e caused by ~«smod(umfidcCp«rum. 1f not 
treated. may prO"o'e fatal. Ees:1des personal cleanliness .mel hygiene. 
public heru.Ul. measures like proper disposal of w.3Ste, deco~n 
of dnnk1ng water. control of \~rs like mosqUitoes ~ U\"'m\U'Us.alion 
Me \E:I'}' helpful in pre-.oent.mg Ulese diseases. Our immune system plays 
ilie major role 1n pre-.~nt.ing' iliese dtse3.ses when we Me exposed to 
dtsease-caus:ing ~nts. The umate deferoes of our body like sk1n. 
mucous me:rnbr.cmes. .cmtirn1crob1al sub~es present in our teMs. 
saliva on<! the ph>e>cyUc c:ells help to block the entry ol patho@mS 
Into our body. If the patho@mS su>C>ee:l ln g>1n1ng on1ry to our body. 
spec:<nc onl.lbodies ihumorallmmune response) =<! c:ells (oell mediated 
U\"'mw:e response) sen~ to kill iliese patho@alS. Immw:e system~ 
me:rnory. On subsequent exposure to same pailioge:n. ilie immtme 
response iS rapid~ more intense. nus fOrros the bas:1s of protection 
., : ~ .. 
.... . . '.: <~-. 
163 
! 
r 
IIK'IIOGY 
·:~.'~ ~orded by ~n and tmm\U"IisaUon. Among other dise~ AIDS .'~;~· 
~ ~e:r kill a 1M~ number of mdiw.hWs worldWide. AIDS caused 
:·~· 
./.~:t ;: by the hum.cm immuno-deftctency w.rus (HIV) 1S fatal but com be 
:~ pre"oE:nted 1f oe:rt.a:1n pr..::::caut1ons Me l4ken M.3ny ~e:rs a:re cur.Wle 1f 
~ deteoted eo:rly =I <>ppropnate thraapeut1c meoswes ..., token. Of late. 
;~ drug and alcohol abuse among }'OUili ~ adolesoe:nts 1S becommg 
~~ .mother cause of corce:rn. Because of the addictive nature of alcohol 
;: ~ drugs. and their ~ei.\e::l be:neftts like relief from stress. a person 
;~ may try ~ iliese Ul. ilie faoe of ~ pressure. e:x.m\inaUons-ret.cded 
{·:;:~;<:· ~; ~ comp;Ait1orrrelate::l stresses. In doing so. he/she may get addicted 
/:.-·'' 
., .... ·. 
'';\ ;~ to U:em. Educat1on .Wout their hMrnful effects. cotmSelling ~ seektng 
:~,.{·::~~ .. ~' :; immed1ate professiOnal ~ mediCal help would totally relte\e ilie 
:: mdiw.i ua1 from these evils. :.~:: :: :: ..... •.························································ ···························································································································• .. 
FXF-RC!SFS 
1. What Me the \IMtous public l':e.Mili measures. which }'OU would SU~!Ef!St 
os solegu>z<! otO!nsl lnfeouous dlseoses? 
2. In which way has the study of biology helped us to controlinfecUous 
diseases? 
3. How does ilie t.r~n of each of ilie fOllowing dtse?ses ta1<e place? 
(a) Arnoeb1<>S!s (b) M.t.na (c) Asco:r!>SlS (d) P"""""'nia 
4. What me3'SUI'e v.ould you take to pre-.E:nt wale:r-borne d1se3'Ses? 
5. DiScuss W.th }'0\U teacher what does 'a sut.l-3ble (tme' means. Ul. ilie 
conte:xt of DNA v.accmes. 
6. Nome the prtrnMy =I second>ry lyrnpho1d e<g>r>s. 
7. The fOlloWing Me some well-knov.n abbreViations. v.hich ha\e been 
used Ul. U'liS chapter. Ex~ e.zch one to its fun fOrm: 
(a) MALT (b) CMI (c) AIDS (d) NACO 
(e) HIV 
8. Dlf!erenU.te the fOlloWing =I @',. oxomples ol eaoh: 
(aJ lnn.<:de .mel acquued U\'lmunity (b) kti.\e .mel passi\e tmmW'Iity 
9. Draw a v.ell-labelled d1agrMn of m .cmti.body molecule. 
10. What Me the VMbus routes by which lr<lnSI\'IiS:ston of hurn<m U\'lmUl'll> 
delic<oncy Ylrus Wois pl>ce? 
11. What lS the mechoJonlsm by which the AIDS Ylrus =oses delic<oncy of 
imm\U'le system of ilie 1nMcted person? 
12. How 1S a ~rous oell d1ffe:rent from a normal oell? 
13. Expl31n what 1S me?nt by m~. 
14. Ust the h>rnlful ef!ec!S caused by obohol/drvg abuse. 
15. Do you thlnk that fnonds con lrdluonce one to toke obohol/drvgs? If 
yes. h:lw may or.e protect lurnself/he:rself from sl.Ch. m tnflue:roe? 
16. Why 1S Ulat on::e a person stal'ts taking alcoh:ll or drugs. it 1S d1fftcult 
to (fA rid of UUs habit? DiScuss it w.Ul. }'OUI' teacher. 
17. In }'OUI' vieW what motivates }'O~S to t..3ke to alcohol or drugs .mel 
how em U'liS be a\.'01ded? 
UNITVlll 
BIOLOGY IN HUMAN WELFARE 
ChapterS 
Human Health and Disease 
Chapter9 
Strategies for Enhancement in 
Food Produc lion 
Chapter 10 
Microbes in Human We If are 
Biology is the youngest of lhe formalised disciplines of natural 
science. Progress in physics and chemistry proceeded much 
fasle r than in Biology. Applica lions of physics and c he mislry in 
our daity life a~o have a higher visibility than those of biology. 
However, twentieth century and certainly lwenty-firsl century 
has demonstrated the utility of biological knowledge in 
furthering human welfare, be it in health sector or agriculture. 
The discovery of antibiotics, and synthetic plant-derived drugs, 
anaesthetics have changed medical practice on one hand 
and human heallh on the other hand. Life expectancy of 
human beings have dramatically changed over lhe years. 
Agricultural practices, food processing and diagnostics have 
brough I soc io-c ultura I changes in human c ommu nilies. These 
are briefly described in the following three chapters of lhis unil. 
M.S. SwAMINATHAN 
{1925} 
Born in August 1925 in Kumbakonam in Tamil Nadu, Monkambu Sambasivan 
Swaminathan did his graduation and post-graduation in Botany from 
Madras University. He worked in different capacities in large number of 
institutions in India and abroad and developed his expertise in genetics 
and plant breeding. 
The School of Cytogenetics and Radiation Research established at the 
Indian Agricultural Research Institute (IARI) enabled Swaminathan and his 
team to develop short-duration high-yielding varieties of rice including scented 
Basmati. He is also known for the development of the concept of crop 
cafeteria, crop scheduling and gene ticalty improving the yield and qua lily. 
Swaminalhan initiated collaboration with Norman Borlaug, which 
culminated in the 'Green Revolution' through introduction of Mexican 
varieties of wheal in India. This was highly recognised and appreciated. He 
is also the initiator of 'Lab-lo-Land', food security and several other 
environmental programmes. He has been honoured with Padma Shushan 
and several other prestigious awards, medals and fellowships by institutions 
of excellence. 
CHAPTER 8 
HUMAN HEALTH AND DISEASE 
8.! Common.Dtseases tn. 
H"""""' 
8.2 l"""""I!J 
8.3 AIDS 
8.4 CAncer 
8.5 D"'9S ond.AI.cd\d. Abuse 
Health. fOr a long tirre. was considered as a state of bcxly 
.md. mind where lliere w.as .a bal3nce of cert.ain 'h.Ufi'Df's•. 
This is what early Greeks like Hipp:u:::r.ates .as lo'.:ell .as 
lndion Ayurveda system of rredicine asserted. It was 
thought that persons With 'blackbile' belonged to hot 
person3hlf .and. would. have fevers. This idea was .arrived. 
at by pure reflective thought. The disanery of blocxl 
Circulation by IMlliamHoney using expertrrental rrethcxl 
ond the demonstration of normal bcxly temperature in 
persons with blackbile using thermorreter disproved the 
'goodhurror'hypothesisofhealth.Inlateryears. biOlogy 
stated that mind influences. through neural system and 
enctocrtne system. our imrn.Wl.e system .and. tllat our 
imlntme system nuin lain sour health. Hence. mind .and. 
mmtal state can affect our healtll.. Of course. healtll. is 
affected by-
(i) geneti c disorders -deficiencies V>li tll. which a child is 
torn onddefieieneies/defects which the child inherits 
from parents from birth: 
(il) infections ond 
(iii) life style inclucling food ond water we Wee. rest and 
e:.rereise we gile toourtodies. h3.bits Ulat v>e have or 
lack etc. 
r 
8K'IIOGY 
The term health is very frequently used byeverybcxly. How do we 
defone ;t? Health does not simply rreon '•bsenceof disease'or'physical 
fitness'. It could be defined as a state of complete physical. mental ond 
social well-being. When people are healthy. they •re more effiCient •t 
work. This incre•ses prcxlucti<~ty and brings economic prosperity. Health 
.also increases longeVity of people .and reduces infant and maternal 
rmrtality. 
Balanced diet. perscnal hJ-l!iene andre~ e'Brcise are very important 
to m>int.m good health. Yoga has been practised since lirre imrrerrorial 
to .achieve physical .and ment.al healtll.. Aw.areness .about diseases and 
tll.eir effect on different bcdily fWl.ctions. vacCination (immunisation) 
.against infectious dise..ases. proper disposal of wastes. control of \ectors 
.and maintenance of hy~enic fbcd. .and water resources .are necessary fbr 
•thieving good health. 
When the funclioni ng of one or rmre orgons or systems of the bcxly is 
adversely affected. char•cten sed by v.nous signs ond symptoms. '"' say 
tll..at v>e are not healthy. i.e .. lo'.:e have .a disease. Diseases can be bro.adly 
grouped into infectlous .and non-tnfectlous. Diseases which .are easily 
transmitted from. one person to another . .are c.alled tnfectlousdJseases. 
Infectious diseases .are very C:Omi"I'DI'l. .and every one of us suffers from. 
tll.ese at sorretirre or other. Serre of tll.e infectious diseases like AIDS .are 
f.at.al. Am:lngnon -infectious diseases. cancer is tll.e major cause of cte.atll.. 
Drug and alcohol•buse also •fleet our health •d1ersely. 
8.1 Co1tt1ttON l)ls~SL<%Sk."S lN Hu~'i..~.,-s 
A V>lide range of organisms belonging to bacteria. Viruses. fWl.gi. 
protozoons. helrni.ntll.s. etc .. could cause diseases in awl. Such disease­
cauSing orgarusm.s .are called pathogens. All parasites .are tll.eretore 
p•lhogens •sthey c•u se harm to the host by liVing in (or on) them The 
p•lhogens con enterourbcxlyby ""nous rreans. rrultiply and interfere 
with normal <!tal •ctiVilies. resulting in morphological and functional 
damage. Pathogens ha1e to •d•pt to life within the enVironment of the 
host. For example. the p•thog.ns thet enter the gut rrust know • way of 
surviVing in the stomach •t low pH ond resisting the v.nous digestive 
enzymes. A few representative members from. different groups of 
p.atll.o~nic organisms ..are discussed here .alongwitll. tll.e diseases caused 
by them Preventi1e and oon1rol rreasures>gainst thesedise•ses in general. 
•re also briefly described. 
Sal.m:>neUo, t(Jpu is • p•thogenic bacterium which c•uses typhoid 
fe1er in hurnon beingS. These pathogens generally enter the small intestine 
through fOOd ond water contamin•ted with them •nct migrate to other 
orgons through blood. suswned high fever (39• to 4()'C). weakness. 
stomach pain. oonstip•tion. headache ond loss of •ppetite •re some of 
the common symptomsofthisdisease.lntestinal perfor•tion•nctcte•th 
may occur in se\ere cases. TyphOid fever could be confirmed by 
Wldal test A clasSic case in rredieine. that of M3Iy M3llon nicknarred 
Tgj:i\o<d.Marg. is worth mentioning here. She was a cook by professiOn 
mel was a typhoid cm1er who continued to spread typhOid ror several 
years through the fcx:d she prepared. 
Bacteria like S!Te)Xococru.s pneumorv.ae and liaem>plVb.ts ~nzae 
are responsible for Ole disea.se pnewnon1a in hunwls which infects llie 
alveoli (air filled sacs) of the lWlgs. As a result of the infectiOn. the alveoli 
g.t 61ledwith fluid leading to se.ere problems in respiratiOn. The symptoms 
of pneunDI"tia inclure fe,er. chills. cough a.nct headache. In severe cases. 
the lips and finger nails may tum gray to bluish in oolour. A healthy 
person a<XJuireS the infectiOn by inhaling the droplets/aerosols released 
by .m infected. person or even by shM'ingglasses .and. utenSils witll. .an 
infected person. Dysentery. plague. diphtheria. etc .. are sorre of the other 
bacteri31 diseases in nwl. 
M3.ny Viruses also cause diseases in hut'I'Wl beings. Rhino Viruses 
represent one such WOUP of VirUses which cause one of tl1e nDSt infectious 
hum:>n aUrrents- the common cold. They infect the nose and respiratory 
passag. but not the lungs. The oomrron cold is characterised by nasal 
oonges\iOn and discharg.. sore throat. hoarseness. cough. headache. 
tiredness. etc .• which usually last for 3-7 days. Droplets resulting from 
cough or sneezes of .an infected. person are either inh3led. directly or 
tr.msmitted tlu"ough contaminated. objects such as pens. books. cups. 
cborknobs. com.pu ter keytoa.rd or nuuse. etc .. .and. cause infectiOn in .a 
healthy person. 
Sorre of the human diseases are caused by protozoans too. You might 
have heard .a tout malaria . .a disease mm has been fighting since mmy 
Jears. Pktsm>d>Um a tinyprctozoan is responSiblebr this disease. Different 
species of Fto.sm>dium (P. owo.x. P. mal.aM. and P. fal.dparum) are 
responSible fbrdifferent \jlpesofrnalarta. Of these. moJi8lant rna1arta caused 
by Fto.sm>diumfal.Ciporumisthe rmst seriOus one and can even be fatal. 
Let us W<e a glance at the life cycle of P!a.sm>dium (Figure 8.1). 
Fto.smodium enters the human bcxly as sporozoites (infectiOus fOrm) 
tlu"ough the bite of infected female Anophel.es m::>squito. The parasites 
initially rrultiply Within the li\er cells and then attack the red blcx:d cells 
(RBCs) resulting in their rupture. TheruptureofRBCsis assoCiated With 
rele.ase of .a to.Xic subsl3nce. ha.ernozoin. which is responSible tbr llie chill 
and high fever recurring e\ery three to fOur days. When a female Anoji\e!es 
nDsquito bites .an infected. person. tll.ese pa.raSites enter the mosquitds 
l:ody and undergo further de\elopment. The paraSites rrultiply within 
them to fOrm sporozoites that are stored in their salivary glands. When 
lliese mosq uitces bite a h Ufi'Wl, llie sp:~rozOites are intro:lu ced. into his/ 
herbcxly. therebyini\ia\ing the ewnts mm\iOnect abO\e.l\ i$ in\eres\ing 
to note lliat tll.e mala.ri3.1 paraSite requires two hosts -human .and. 
rmsqui\oes- to complete its life cycle (Figure 8.1): the female Anopw!es 
rmsquitois the vector (transmitting agent) too. 
r 
' . 
F"is,u!e 8.1 Sla@s in U:e life cycle of ~cr.smodcum 
Ento.moeJxtl'tistdgt.:ca..is .a protozoan parasite in llie J.Mge intestine ot 
hurmn which causes amoeblasls(amoeblc dj.'Selltezy). Sjlmptoms of 
tll.is disea.se inclure constipatiOn • .abdomin.al pain .and. cramps. stools 
witll. e:..:cess muccu. s and. blo:d. clots. Houseflies act .as rrech3.ni cal CMrters 
.and. serve to tr.msmit llie parasite from. faeces ot infected person to fi:od. 
HUMAN HEAlTH AND DISEASE 
and food products, thereby contaminating them. 
Drinking water and food contaminated by the faecal 
matter are the main source of infection. 
Ascaris, the common round worm and Wuchereria, 
the filarial worm, are some of the helminths which are 
known to be pathogenic to man. Ascaris, an intestinal 
parasite causes ascariasis. Symptoms ofthese disease 
include internal bleeding, muscular pain, fever, anemia 
and blockage of the intestinal passage. The eggs of the 
parasite are excreted along with the faeces of infected 
persons which contaminate soil, water, plants, etc. A 
healthy person acquires this infection through 
contaminated water, vegetables, fruits, etc. 
Wuchereria (W bancroftiand W. malayi), the filarial 
worms cause a slowly developing chronic inflammation 
ofthe organs in which they live for many years, usually 
the lymphatic vessels of the lower limbs and the disease 
is called elephantiasis or filariasis (Figure 8.2). The 
genital organs are also often affected, resulting in gross 
deformities. The pathogens are transmitted to a healthy 
person through the bite by the female mosquito vectors. 
Many fungi belonging to the genera Microspornm, 
Trichophyton and Epidermophyton are 
Figure 8.2 Diagram showing 
inflamation in one of 
the lower limbs due 
to elephantiasis 
responsible for ringworms which is one of 
the most common infectious diseases in man. 
Appearance of dry, scaly lesions on various 
parts of the body such as skin, nails and 
scalp (Figure 8.3) are the main symptoms of 
the disease. These lesions are accompanied 
by intense itching. Heat and moisture help 
these fungi to grow, which makes them thrive 
in skin folds such as thos e in the groin or 
between the toes . Ringworms are generally 
acquired from soil or by using towels, clothes 
or even the comb of infected individuals. 
Figure 8.3 Diagram showing ringworm 
affected area of the skin 
Maintenance of personal and public hygiene is very important for 
prevention and control of many infectious diseases . Measures for pers onal 
hygi ene include k eeping the body clean; consumption of clean drinking 
water, food, vegetables, fruits, etc. Public hygiene includes proper disposal 
of wast e and excreta; periodic cleaning and disinfe ction of water reservoirs, 
pools, cesspools and tank s and observing standard practic es of hygien e 
in public caterin g. These measures are particularl y essential where the 
infectiou s a gents are transmitted through food and water such a s typh oid, 
amoebiasis and ascariasis. In cases of air-born e dis eases such as 
pneumonia and common cold, in addition to the above measures, close 
8K'IIOGY 
contact willi tll.e infected persons or tll.eir telongings should be .a\Oired. 
For diseases such .as m.al.ari.a .and filariasis lli.at .are tr.msmitted tll.rough 
insect vectors. the most impOfUnt measure is to oontrol or eliminate the 
vectors ond their breeding places. This can be achie,ed by aVOiding 
stagnation of water in ..and .around residential .areas. re~l.ar cleaning of 
household coolers. use c1. nusquito nets. intrcducing fishes like Go.mf.x.(.s(a. 
in ponds that feed on rrosq uito 13n<oe, spraying of insecticides in ditches. 
drainage areas and sw.ornps. etc. In addition, doors and Wincbws should 
be pro~ded With wire rresh to prevent the entry of mosquitoes. Such 
precautions ha \e be rome ail the rrore importml especially in the light of 
recent lo\lirespre.ad incidences of llie \ector-borne (Aedes nusquitces) 
diseases like den~e and chikungunya in many ports of India. 
The .actv.mcerrents made in biOlo~c.al science h.a\e .armed us to 
eftecti\ely re.at willi rrw1y infectious diseases. The use of vaccines .and 
irnrnwl.is.ation progr.amrres have enabled us to completely eradicate .a 
deadly disease like smallpe<x. A large nwnberof other infectious diseases 
like polio. diphtheria, pneumonia and tetanus have been controlled to a 
large extent by the use of vacCines. Biotechnology (about which you will 
read rrore in Chapter 12) is at the verge of making available ne""r ond 
safer vaccines. Discovery of .mtibiOtics md variOUs otll.erctrugs has .also 
enabled us toeffecti\elytre.at infectious diseases. 
S, ~ bU.UJNI'!Y 
Everyday"" are exposed tolar!!' number of infectious agents. However. 
only .a few of tll.ese exposures result in disease. Why? This is due to llie 
fact that the body isable to defend i \self from !lDS\ of these Uei~ agents. 
This overall ability of the host to fight the disease-cauSing organisms. 
conferred by the irrlrrD.ule system is called Immunity. 
lrnrrunity is of two types: (i) Innate irnrrunity and (u) Acquired 
irrlrrD.uli ty. 
8.2.1 Innate Immunity 
Innate immunity is non-speCific type of defence. tll..at is present .at llie 
time of birth. This is accomplished byp~ding difrerent types of bamers 
to the entry of the fbrei,gn agents intoourbody. Innate irnrrunity conSist 
of fOur types of barriers. These are-
(i) Physic.al barriers : Skin on our body is the mom bamer which 
prevents entry of llie micro-org.misms. Mucus coating of llie 
epithelium lining the respiratory. gastrointestinal and urogenital 
tracts also help in trapping microbes entering our body. 
(u) Physiologic.al barriers: Acid in the stomach. saliva in the mouth. 
tears fromeyes-all prevent microbial growth. 
(iii) Cellular barrier-s: Certain types of leukocytes (WBC) of our body 
like polymorpho-nuclear leukocytes (PMNL..-neutrophUs) and 
HUMAN HEAlTH AND DISEASE 
monocytes and natural killer (type oflymphocytes) in the blood as 
well as macrophages in tissues can phagocytose and destroy 
microbes. 
(iv) Cytokine barriers : Virus-infected cells secrete proteins called 
interferons which protect non-infected cells from further viral infection. 
8.2.2 Acquired Immunity 
Acquired immunity, on the other hand, is pathogen specific. It is 
characterised by memory. This means that our body when it encounters 
a pathogen for the first time produces a response called prilll.8lY response 
which is oflow intensity. Subsequent encounter with the same pathogen 
elicits a highly intensified secondary or anamnestic response . This 
is ascribed to the fact that our body appears to have memory of the 
first encounter. 
The primary and secondary 
immune responses are carried 
out with the help of two 
special types of lymphocytes 
present in our blood, 
i.e., B-lymphocytes and T­
lymphocytes .The B-lymphocytes 
produce an army of proteins in 
response to pathogens into our 
blood to figh t with them . These 
proteins are called antibodies. 
The T -cells themselve s do not 
s ecrete antib odies but help B 
cells p rod uce them. Each 
antibody molecule has four 
peptid e chains, two small called 
light chains and two longer 
called heavy chains. Hence , an 
antibody is represented as H2L2• 
Different types of antib odies are 
Figure 8.4 Structure of an antibody molecule 
produced in our body. lgA, IgM, lgE , IgG are some of them . A cartoon of 
an antibody is given in Figure 8.4 . Because these antibodies are found in 
th e blo od, the respon s e i s a lso called as humoral immune response . 
This is one of the two types of our acquir ed immune r espon se - antib ody 
mediated. The second type is called cell -medi ated immune response or 
cell-mediated immunity (CMI). The T -lymphoc ytes mediate CML Very 
often, when some human organs like heart. eye, liver, kidney fail to function 
s atisfactorily , tran splat ation is the only remedy to enable the patient to 
live a norm al life. Then a search begins - to find a suit able donor . Why is 
it that the organs canrwt be takenfrom j ust any body ? What is it that 
8K'IIOGY 
the dodors check? Or.3fts from. just .any source - .m .animal . .mother 
primate. or anyhumm beings connot be mode since the grofts """ld be 
rejected sooner or later. Tissue matching. blco:l group matching •re 
essenlial before undert.oking any groft/lransplant andelen after this the 
patient has toW<eimm~uppresants .U his/her life. The bcxlyis able 
to differentiate 'self• .md 'nonselt .mct llie cell-rredi.ated immune resf0!1se 
is resp:>nSible fOr thegroft rejection. 
8.2.3 Active and Passive Immunity 
When a hos\is exposed to antigens. which may be in the fOrm of liVing 
or dead microtes or ollier proteins . .antibcdies are pm:tuced. in llie host 
bocty. This type of immunity is called acUve lmmWllty. Actile imrrD.ulity 
is slow .and. t3kes time to give its full eftecti\e resf0!1se. Injecting llie 
microbes reliter.ately ctunng immwl.isa.tion or infectious org.anism.s 
g.aining .access into body during n.atur.al infection induce .active 
imn'D.ulity. When reacty.mocte antibc:dies are directly g;ven to protect 
the body against fOreign agents. it is called passive Immunity. Do gou 
knoco whg m::>ther's mak (S consV::l.ered oerg essentV:U for the new­
born infane? The JellOWish fluid colostrum secreted b:y rrother during 
the inilial days of lactation has abundant antibodies (IgA) to protect the 
infant. The feet us .also recei\es sorre .mtib:dies from. tll.eir motll.er. 
through the plarenta duri11g pregnancy. These are sorre e~amples of 
p.assive imlnwlity. 
8.2.4 Vaccination .and lnununisation 
The principle of imlnw'lis.atiOn or v.acein.ation is b.ased on tll.e property of 
'merrorj' of the imrrD.ule system. In vaccination. a preparation of antigenic 
proteins of pathogen or inaclivatedf""okened pathogen (vaccine) are 
intrcxluced into the body. The antibodies prcxluced in the bcxly against 
lliese .antigens would. neutr.alise tll.e p.atll.ogenic agents ctunng .actu.al 
infection. Tile v.aceines alsogener.ate IIIBIIU"f-B.md. T -cellstll.at recoghise 
the p.atll.ogen quickly on subsequent e:...:posure .md. overwhelm. llie 
in v.acters Willi .a m.asSi \.e prcdu ction of .m tibcdies. It .a person is infected. 
Willi sorre cte.adl.ymicrobes to which quick imlntme response is required. 
.as in tet.mus. we need to directly inject tll.e pre1i:lm'ed. .antibcdies. or 
antito.'!in (a preparation oonlainingantibcxlies to the to.'!in). Ellen in cases 
of snokebites. the injection which isgi'en to the patients. contain preronred 
.antibcdies .ag&nst tll.e sm.ke \enom.. This type of immwl.isa.tion is c.alled. 
passive immwtlsatf.on. 
Recombinant DNA technology has allol<"d the production of antigenic 
pol:ypeplides of pathogen in bacteria or yeast. Vaccines produced using 
this approach allow 13rge scale production and hence geater availability 
for imn'D.ulisation. e.g .. hepatitis Bvaccine produced from :yeast. 
S. 2. 5 AU ergies 
Did this ru.ppen to :you? When :you 113\e gooe to a new place 3Jld sucl:lenly 
:you started sneeZing. wheeZing for no explained reason, 3Jld when :you 
cane .aw.ay. your symptoms diss.appeared? s~ of us .are sensitive to 
some pa.rticles in llie en\lirOnment. The .above-rrentioned reaction could. 
te because of allergy to pollen. mites. etc .. which are different in ditrerent 
places. 
The exaggerated. response of Ole immune system. to cert.ain .mtigens 
present in the enVirOrU'rent is called. anergy. The substmces to which 
such .m irnl'nw1e response is pm:tuced. are called allerg:ms. Tile antibcdies 
prcduced to these are of I~ type. OJmrron examples of ollergens are 
mites in dust, p:>llens, onimal donder, etc. symptoms of ollergtc reactions 
inclure sneeZing, watery e)es, running nose and difficulty in breathing. 
Allergy is due to llie rele.ase of chemicals like histamine .and. serotonin 
from the mast cells. For retermining the cause of .nergy, the patient is 
exposed to or injected witll. \ery Sfl'l3ll cbses ot p:~s Sible .allergens . .md.llie 
reactions studied. The use of drugs like anti·histarnine, adrenolin and 
steroids quickly reduce the symptoms of ollergy. Sorrehow, m::dem·daY 
life style ru.s resulted in lowering of i!ll!l'D.Inity and more sensitiVity to 
3llergens- m:re .and. nDre children in rretro Cities of India suffer from. 
.nerg;es and asthma due tosenSiti~tyto theen~ronment. This could be 
because of the protectedenVirOnlllent proVided early in life. 
8.2.6 Auto Immunity 
Memory·basect acquired i!ll!l'D.Inity evolved in higher vertebrates based 
on the ability todifrerenliate Ueignorganisrns (e.g .. palllO!I'ns) from self. 
cells. While we still do not unrerstand the baSis of this, tv.<> coroll3r'ies of 
this abilityru.'e to be understo::d. One, hipnertebrates can distinguish 
rore;gn molecules as well as rore;gn organisms. Most of the «<perirrental 
immWlOIDgydeals With this aspect. n.o, sornelirres, due to genetic and 
other W1kmwn reascns, the bocty attacks self.cells. This results in damage 
to llie b:dy and is called. auto-1mmwte dise.ase. Rheumatoid. arthritis 
which .affects mmy people in our society ism .au to-immune disease. 
8.2.7 Immune Syste:m in the Body 
The human immwl.e system. consists of l}'mphOid orgms. tissues. cells 
3Jld soluble rrolecules like antibodies. As )OU 113\e read, irnrrD.tne system 
is unique in llie sense tll..at it recognises fOreign antigens. responds to 
these 3Jld rerrembers them The immune system also plays an irnp:rtant 
role in .allergic reactions . .auto-immune diseases .and. organ 
tn.nsplantation. 
Lymphoid organs: These are the organs where ~nand/or maturation 
3Jld proliferation of lymphoc)'tes occur. The primary lymphoid organs 
are bonemaiTOw 3Jld thymus where immature lymphocytes differentiate 
r 
Figure 8.5 
1bymus 
Diagrammatic 
representation 
ofLymphnodes 
BIOlOGY 
into antigen-sensitive lymphocytes. After maturation the 
lymphocytes migrate to secondary lymphoid organs like spleen, 
lymph nodes, tonsils, Peyer's patches of small intestine and 
appendix. The secondary lymphoid organs provide the sites 
for interaction of lymphocytes with the antigen, which then 
proliferate to become effector cells. The location of various 
lymphoid organs in the human body is shown in Figure 8.5. 
The bone marrow is the main lymphoid organ where all 
blood cells including lymphocytes are produced. The thymus 
is a lobed organ located near the heart and beneath the 
breastbone. The thymus is quite large at the time of birth but 
keeps redudng in size with age and by the time puberty is 
attained it reduces to a very small size. Both bone-marrow 
and thymus provide micro-environments for the development 
and maturation ofT -lymphocytes. The spleen is a large bean­
shaped organ. It mainly contains lymphocytes and phagocytes. 
It acts as a illter of the blood by trapping blood-borne micro­
organisms. Spleen also has a large reservoir of erythrocytes. 
The lymph nodes are small solid structures located at different 
points along the lymphatic system. Lymph nodes serve to trap the 
micro-organisms or other antigens, which happen to get into the lymph 
and tissue fluid. Antigens trapped in the lymph nodes are responsible for 
the activation of lymphocytes present there and cause the immune 
response. 
There is lymphoid tissue also located within the lining of the major 
tracts (respiratory, digestive and urogenital tracts) called mucosal­
associated lymphoid tissue (MALT). It constitutes about 50 per cent of 
the lymphoid tissue in human body. 
8.3 AIDS 
The word AIDS stands for Acquired Immwto Deficiency Syndrome. 
This means deficiency of immune system, acquired during the lifetime of 
an individual indicating that it is not a congenital disease . 'Syndrome' 
means a group of symptoms. AIDS was first reported in 1981 and in the 
last twenty-five years or so, it has spread all over the world killing more 
than 25 million persons. 
AIDS is caused by the Human Immuno deficiency Virus (HIV), a 
member of a group of viruses called retrovirus, which have an envelope 
enclosing the RNA genome (Figure 8.6). Transmission of HN-infection 
generally occurs by (a) sexual contact with infected person , (b) by 
transfusion of contaminat ed blood and blood products, (c) by sharing 
infected needles as in the case ofintravenous drug abusers and (d) from 
infected moth er to h er child through plac enta. So, p eople who are at high 
risk of getting this infection includ es - individuals who have multipl e 
:·lll.lM!! HEAlTH A!!O OM.Uf 
'l'l:oll!A 
-
-cdl 
!llt:w-RNA 
Mp-:0 1bJ 
t:hl m~ :•6d cd 
-
NOl'E• li4ocbidoell""' ......... willie --bolof ft1J" tee! cd f'e1eeeec! 
Fis,-ure 8.6 Replication of retrcMru:s 
seXW>l portners. drug octdicts who toke drugs intra\enously. indi\.lduals 
who require repeated blcx:d tronsfuSions ond children born to on HIV 
infected rmlher. Do gou !<now-when do peo)Xe need. repeated. blood. 
!Tarufus(On? Ftnd. out at\d. m:ol<e a.!i.st of suchcondJ.t(Ons. It is important 
to note that HIV 1 AIDS is not spread bY rrere touch or physical contact: it 
spreads only through lxxlyfluids. I tis. hence. imperative. fOr the physical 
ond psychological well-teing. that the H!V /AIDS infected persons are 
not isolated from fomily ond soCiety. There is alw.ays a time-~ bet""en 
the infection and appearonce of AIDS symptoms. This peried may vary 
from a few months to many years (usually 5-10 years). 
r 
8K'IIOGY 
After gettingintolhe bcdyoftre perscn. the wus enters into ma~s 
where RNAgenorre of tre Virus replicates to fOrm W"al DNA with the help of 
the enzJ>Ire nnerse trmscriptase.This W"o.l DNA !,Ills ino::u p:llatedintohost 
cell's DNA and directs the infected cells to produce Virus porticles 
(Figure 8.6). The macrop~s oontinue to pro:luce wus and in this way 
acts like • H!Vfactory. Sinrultoneously. HI Venters into helper T -IJmPhocytes 
(T ,J. replicates and pro:luce prcgenywuses. The progeny wuses released 
in the blo:d attackctherhelperT -IJmPhocytes. This is repeated leading to a 
progresSive decrease in the numberofhelperT-lyrrphocytes in the lxxlyof 
the infected person. During this peried. the person suffers from bouts of 
feler.diarthoeaand we;ght loss. Due to decrease in the nwnberof helperT 
lyrrphocJ-tes. tre person sWts sufferingfrcm infecticns that oould have been 
otherwise 011eroorre such as those due to bactenaespeei.Uy Mgcolxr.denum. 
Viruses. fungi and even parasites like Toxop!asm:<. The patient beoorres so 
imrrD.tno-defi.cient lhet he/she is unable to protect himself/herself >gainst 
these infections. A Widely used di~stic test fbr AIDS is enzyme llnlted 
!nun IDl0-60IbentasBzy (EUSA). Treatmmtof AIDS With anti-retrooiral drugs 
is only portially effecti"'· They can only prolcng the life ci the patient but 
c3Jllld. pre.entreatll.. which is ineVitable. 
Preventk>n of AIDS: As AIDS has no cure. prevention is the best optiOn. 
Moremer. HIV infection. m:re often. spreads due to consciOus tehaViOur 
patterns and is oo rornelhing tha\ happmsinactvertent.ly.like pnewronia 
or t}'Phoid Of course. infection in blo:d. transfusiOn patients. new-borns 
(frommctherj etc .• may take place due to poor rronitonng. The only excuse 
may be tgnorance and it has been nghUy so;ct- "cbn~ die of ignorance·. 
In our country the Nationol AIDS O:>ntrol Organisation (NACO) and other 
non -governrrental organisation (NGOs) are cbingalot to educate people 
about AIDS. WHO has started • number of progronmes to prevent the 
spreading of HIV infectiOn. Making blcx:d (from blcx:d banks) safe from 
HIV. ensuring the useofonlydisposable needlesand syrin!i'S in public 
and priw.tehospitols and clinics. free dist!lbution of oondoms. ccntrolling 
drug abuse. ad\Ocatmg safe se:< and promoting regular check-ups fi:Jr 
HIVin susceptible populations. are some such steps l3ken up. 
Infection with H!V or haVing AIDS is sorrelhing lhet should not be 
hidden - since then. the infectiOn may spread to many rrore people. 
HIV/AIDS-infected people need help and sympathy instead of being 
shunned by soCiety. Unless societyreoogruses it as • problem to be dealt 
witll. in a collective n'W'lll.er- the chances of '»iCier spread of tll.e disease 
increase manifold. It is • malady lhet can only be tackled. by the soCiety 
and medical fraterni \Y acting together. to pre,ent the spread of the disease. 
Cancer is one of the most dreaded diseases of hUI'I'Wl beings and. is a 
major cause of death allover the globe. More than a milliOn Indians suffer 
from cancer ond a lar!l' nwnber of them die from it annually. The 
rrech3.nisms tll.at uncterhe cteveloprrent of ca.ncer or oncogenic 
transrormalionof cells. its treatmmt onct control have teen some of the 
nDst intense a.rea.s of research in biOlogy .mct m:dicine. 
In our bcxly. cell growth ond differentiation is highly controlled and 
regulated In ca.ncer cells. tll.ere is breakdown of lliese regulatory 
mechanisms. Normal cells show a property called contact Inhibition by 
wtue of which contact witll. ollier cells inhibits llieir Wl.Contrdled growth. 
Omcer cells appears to ha \e lost this property. As a result ct this. cancerous 
cells just continue to diVide giVing rise to masses of cells called. tumors. 
1\trrors are of t"o twes: benign ond malignant. Benign tumoiSncrmolly 
remom confined totheirorigin3llocation and dO not spread to other ports 
of the bcxly ond cause little d~e. The mallgnant tumoiS. on the 
other hond are a mass of proliferating cells called neoplastic or tumor 
cells. These cells g;:ow very rapidly. invading and da~ing the 
surrounding normal tissues. As these cells actively divide and~ they 
also starve the normal cells by oompelingfbr Vital nutrients. Cells sloughed 
from such tumors reach distant Sites through blc:xxl. ond where\er they 
get lodged in the l:ody. they start a new turror there. This property called 
metastasis is the most feared property of malignant turrors. 
Causes of cancer : Tr.msformation of normal cells into cancerous 
neoplastic cell srnay be induced by physical. chemical or biological agents. 
These agents are calledcarolnogens.loniSingradiations likeX-rays and 
gamma rays ond non-ioniZing radiations like UV cause DNA d~e 
leading to neoplastic transformation. The chemical carcinO!I'ns present 
in tobacco snDke ha\e been identified .as .a major cause ofltmg cancer. 
C3ncer cauSing wuses called oncogenic vtruses ha\egenes called v1ral 
oncogenes. Furthermore. several genes ca.lled. celhtlar oncogenes 
(c-one) or proto oncogenes ha\e been identified. in normal cells which. 
when .activated. under certain conditions. could. lead to oncogenic 
transformation of the cells. 
Cancerdetectlon and diagnosis: E.artyctetectionof cancers is essential 
.as it 3llows llie disease tote treated successfully in nwlf cases. Cancer 
detection is based on biopsy ond histopathological studies of the tissue 
.and blo:d. and. bone marrow tests fbr increased cell cOWl.ts in llie case of 
leukemias. In biopsy. a piece of the suspected tissue cut into thin sections 
is stained ond "'<arnined under micros rope (histopatho~cal studies) by 
a pathologist. Techniques like radiography (use of X-rays). CT (computed 
torrography) ond MRI (magnetic resonance irrl3ging) are \ery useful to 
detect cancers of the in temal organs. a:mputed torrography uses X-rays 
to generate a three-dimensional irna!i' of the internals of an object. MRI 
uses strong fro3l81ic fields ond IDil·iDiliSing radiations to acClU'atelJ1cl3tect 
pathological and physiOlogical changes in the llW>g tissue. 
Antibcd.ies .against cancer-specific .antigens .are .also used. for 
detection of certain cancers. 'Ieclul.iques of molecular biology can be 
r 
BIOlOGY 
applied to detect genes in individuals with inherited susceptibility to 
certain cancers. Identification of such genes, which predispose an 
individual to certain cancers, may be very helpful in prevention of cancers. 
Such individuals may be advised to avoid exposure to particular 
carcinogens to which they are susceptible (e.g., tobacco smoke in case 
oflung cancer). 
Treatment of cancer: The common approaches for treatment of cancer 
are surgery, radiation therapy and immunotherapy. In radiotherapy, 
tumor cells are irradiated lethally, taking proper care of the normal tissues 
surrounding the tumor mass . Several chemotherapeutic drugs are used 
to kill cancerous cells. Some of these are specific for particular tumors. 
Majority of drugs have side effects like hair loss, anemia, etc. Most cancers 
are treated by combination of surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy. 
Tumor cells have been shown to avoid detection and destruction by 
immune system. Therefore, the patients are given substances called 
biological response modifiers such as a-interferon which activate their 
immune system and help in destroying the tumor. 
8.5 DRuGs A.ND ALCOIIOL ABusE 
Surveys and statistics show that use of drugs and alcohol has been on 
the rise especially among the youth . This is really a cause of concern as it 
could result in many harmful effects. Proper education and guidance 
would enable youth to safeguard themselves against these dangerous 
behaviour patte rns and follow healthy lifestyles. 
The drugs, which are commonly abused are opioids, cannabinoids 
and coca alkaloids . Majority ofthese are obtained from flowering plants. 
Some are obtained from fungi. 
Opioids are the drugs, which bind to specific opioid receptors pres ent 
in our central nervous system and gastrointestinal tract. Heroin 
(Figure 8. 7), commonly called smack is chemically diacetylmorphine which 
is a white, odourless , bitter crystallin e compound. This is obtain ed by 
acetylation of morphine (Figure 8.7), which is extracted from the latex of 
·~ 
' 
0 
Figure 8.7 Chemical structure of Morphine Figure 8.8 Opium p oppy 
HUMAN HEAlTH AND DISEASE 
poppy plant Papaver somniferum (Figure 8.8). Generally taken by snorting 
and injection, heroin is a depressant and slows down body functions. 
Cannabinoids are a group of chemicals (Figure 8.9), which interact 
with cannabinoid receptors present principally in the brain. Natural 
cannabinoids are obtained from the inflorescences of the plant Cannabis 
sativa (Figure 8.10). The flower tops, leaves and the resin of cannabis 
plant are used in various combinations to produce marijuana, hashish, 
charas and ganj a. Generally taken by inhalation and oral ingestion, these 
are known for their effects on cardiovascular system of the body. 
Figure 8.9 Skeletal structure of 
cannabinoid molecule 
Coca alkaloid or cocaine is obtained from coca 
plant Erythroxylum coca, native to South America. It 
interferes with the transport of the neuro-transmitter 
dopamine. Cocaine, commonly called coke or crack is 
usually snorted. It has a potent stimulating action on 
central nervous system, producing a sense of euphoria 
and increased energy. Excessive dosage of cocaine 
causes hallucinations. Other well-known plants with 
hallucinogenic properties are Atropa belladona and 
Datura (Figure 8.11). These days cannabinoids are also 
being abused by some sportspersons. 
Drugs like barbiturates, amphetamines, 
benzodiazepines , lysergic acid diethyl arnides (LSD), 
Figure 8.10 Leaves of Cannabis saiim 
and other similar drugs, that are normally used as Figure 8.11 Flowering branch of Datura 
medicines to help patients cope with mental illnesses 
like depression and insomnia, are often abused. Morphine is a very effective 
sedative and painkiller, and is very useful in patients who have undergone 
surgery. Several plants, fruits and seeds having hallucinogenic properties 
have been used for hundreds of years in folk -medicine , religious ceremonies 
and rituals all over the globe. When thes e are taken for a purpose other 
than medicinal use or in amounts/frequency that impairs one's physical, 
physiological or psychological functions, it constitutes drug abuse . 
8K'IIOGY 
Srroking olso paves the way to hMd drugs. Tobacco has been used 
by human beings fbr rrore than 400 yeors.ltis srroked. che'A,dor used 
as a snuff. Tobacco contair.s a IM'ge r.urnber of cheMicol substances 
including nicotine, an olkaloid. Nicotine stimulates adrenol g)and to 
relea.se .adreMhne a.nd nor..adreMline into blo:d. Circulation. botll. of 
which ra.ise blo:d. pressure .and. increa.se heMt ra.te. SmJkingis a.ssociated. 
willi increa.sed incidence of cancers of lung. unna.ryblad:ier a.nd. tlu"oo.t. 
bronchitis. emphysema. ccronary heart disease. gastric ulcer. etc. Tobacco 
cheWing is a.ssoeia.ted. Willi increa.sed risk of ca.ncer of tll.e or.al ca.\r1ty. 
Smoking increases carbon rmna:<ide (CO) content in blood and reduces 
llie concentra.tion of haembOWl.d.a::.:ygen. This ca. uses a::.:ygen deficiency 
in the body. 
When one buys pa.ckets of ciga.rettes one C3.1Ul.ot miss tll.e st.a.tutory 
worning that is present on the packing which warns against srroking 
and says how it is injuriOus to heolth. Yet. srmking is very prevolent in 
society. both armng young and old Knowing the dangers of srroking 
and chewing tobacco. and its addictile nature. the youth and old need to 
a\Oid these habits. Any addict requires counselling and rredicol help to 
get ndofthe habit. 
8.5.l Adolescence and Drug/Alcohol Abuse 
Adolescence rreans botll. •a. penoo• and. •a. process• during which a. child. 
becomes m3.ture in terms of his/her a.ttituctes a.nd. behefs for effective 
pa.rticipa.tion in society. The pericd. between 12-18 yea.rs of a.ge m3.Y 
be tll.ought of a.s a.ctolescence pericd.. In other words. a.ctolescence is a. 
bridge linking childhood and adulthood. Adolescence is accompanied 
by sever.al biologica.la.nd. beh3.Vi0Ur.al ch3.nges. Adolescence. llius is a. 
very vulnerable phase of menlo.! and psychological developrrent of an 
i nd.iVid.ua.l. 
CurioSity. need fbr .adventure a.nd. exciterrent. and. experimen t.a.tion. 
constitute commJn causes. which motiv.ate youngsters towards drug 
a.nd. .alcohol use. A child.•s na.tura.l curiosity motiva.tes him/her to 
e"ff'rirren t. This is complicated further by effects that Might be percei led 
a.s benefits,of 3lcohol or ctruguse. Thus. tll.e first use of drugs or a.lcohol 
m3.Y be out of curiosity or experirl'ent.a.lion. but later tll.e child. st.a.rts 
uSing these toescape t:aeingproblerns. Of late. stress. from pressures to 
excel in a.cademics or exa.miMtiOns. ha.s pla.yect a. significant role in 
persuading the youngsters to try alcohol and drugs. The perception 
armng youth that it is 'cool' or progresSive to smoke, use drugs or 
a.lcohol. is a.lsoin a. way a. nujor ca. use for youlli to st.art these h3.bits. 
TeleVisiOn. movies. newpa.pers. internet a.lso help to pronute this 
perception. Other t:actors that have been seen to be assoCiated With drug 
a.nd. a.lcohol a.buse a.rrDng a.cblescents a.re Wl.sla.ble or unsupportive 
fomily structures and peer pressure. 
8.5.2 Addiction and Dependence 
Because of the perceived benefits. drugs are frequently used reP"atectly. 
The rmst important thing. which one taUs to realise. is the inherent 
addictive nature of olcohol and drugs. Addiction is a psychological 
attachrrent to certom effects -such as euphoria and a temporary feeling 
otwell-being -assoCiated With drugs and olcohol. These dtl\e people to 
l3l<e llierne\en when lliese .are not neered. C£'8\erl. 'l>lhen llieiruse tecorres 
self-destructive. With repeated use of drugs. the tolerance lelel of the 
receptors present in our tocty increa.ses. Q:lnsequently llie receptors 
respond only to higher doses of drugs or alcohol leading to greater intol<e 
and addiction. However. it should be clearly borne in mind that use of 
lliese drugs even once. can be .a fore-rurmer to .addictiOn. Thus. llie 
addictive potential of drugs and alcohol. pull the user into a ViCiOus Circle 
leading to their regular use (abuse) from which he/she may not be able 
togetout.In the absence of any guidance or counselling. the person g.ts 
3.dcticted and becorres ctepenrent on llieir use. 
Dependence is the tendency of the body to manifest a charactenstic 
and unpleasant wlthdiawal syndrome ii regular dose of drugs 1 olcohol 
is abruptly discontinued. This is charactensed by onxiety. shokiness. 
nausea md. sweating. which maybe relieVed when use is resurrect.ag3.in. 
In sorre cases. willictr.aw.al symptoms can be severe and. even life 
threatening and the person mayneedrredicol superVision. 
Dependence leads the patient to ;gnore oll social norms in order to 
get sufficient funds to satiate his/her needs. These result in many social 
adjustrrent problems. 
8.5. ~ Efl'ect<; of Drug/ A\eoltol Abuse 
The im!rediate adlerse effects of drugs and olcohol abuse are manifested 
in tll.e form of reckless behaViOur. v3Jld.3.lism .and. \riolence. &~cessive 
doses of drugs may lead to coma and death due to respiratory failure. 
heort failure or cerebrol hermrrhage. A combination of drugs or their 
intoke >long With olcohol generally results in overdoSing and even 
deaths. The most conmon warning s;gns of drug and olcohol abuse 
among youth include drop in academic performance. unexplained 
absence from school/college. lack of interest in personol hygiene. 
Willictr.aw.al. isolation. depressiOn. fatigue . .aggressive .and. rebellious 
behaViOur. deteoorating relationships With family and fl"iends.loss of 
interest in hobbies. ch3.nge in sleeping .and. eating habits. fluctuations 
in "";ght. appetite. etc. 
There may e'en be some tar-reaching implic~tions of drug/ olcohol 
abuse.lf a abuseris unable to get money to buy drugs/alcohol he/she 
may tum to steoling. The adverse effects are just not restricted to the 
f"TSon who is using drugs or alcohol. f>J.Iirnes. a drug/olcohol addict 
becorres the cause of rrentol and finanCial distress tohisfherenlirefamily 
andfnends. 
r 
8K'IIOGY 
Those who l3ke drugs intravenously (direct injectiOn into llie vein 
uSing a needle ond Sy't'inge). ore rruch rmre likely to acquire seriOus 
infections like AIDS and hepatitis B. The "ruses. which oreresjD!!Sible 
for these diseases. ore transferred from one person to onotherby shoring 
of infected needles and synnges. Both AIDS ond Hepatitis B infections 
are chronic infections and ultimately fatal. AIDS can be transmitted to 
one's life portner throu,gh se:<ual oontact while Hepatitis Bis transmitted 
through infected blcx:d . 
The use of alcc:hol durtng acblescence may also have long -termetrects. 
It could lead toheavydrtnkingin adulthood. The chronic use of drugs and 
aloohol d=ges nervous systemond liver (cirrhosis). The use of drugs 
ond aloohol durtngpre~ancyis also known to ad\ersely oifect the !cetus. 
Anotll.er misuse of drugs is what certain sportspersons do to enhmce 
tll.eir per1brnwlce. They (mis)use narcotic arl3lgeSics . .matdic steroids. 
diuretics and certain homDnes in sports to increase muscle strengtll. md. 
bulk and to prortDte aggresSi\eness and as a result increase atll.letic 
performance. The Sire -effects of the use of .mabolic steroids in females 
include masculinisation (features like n'Wes). increased. agwesSiveness. 
nDcd. s'Nings. repression. abnorn"W menstrual cycles. excesSi\e hair 
growth on the face and body. enlarg.ment of clitoris. reepmingof VOice. 
In males it includes .acne. increased. aggressiveness. m:od. s'Nings. 
depresSion. reduction of size ofthetesticles. decreased sperm production, 
potential fer kidney and liver dysfunction. breast enlargement. premature 
baldness. enlargement of the prostate glond. These effects may be 
permanent Willi prolonged. use. In tll.e acblescent male or fefl"We. se\ere 
facial ond body acne. and premature closure of the growth centres of the 
long bones may result in stunted growth. 
8.5.4 Prevention and Control 
The a g. -old adage of 'pre,enlion is better than cure' holds true here also. 
It is also true that habits such as smoking. taking drug or alcohol are 
rmre likely to be ta1<e:n up at a young age. more during adolescence. 
Hence. it is test to irentify llie SituatiOns tllat may push m adolescent 
towMds use of drugs or alcohol. and. to talce rerred.ial rreasures TA'ell in 
time. hl. this reg.ard.. tll.e parents and. llie teachers have a special 
responSibility. Porenting that combines with high levels of nurturance 
and. consistent disCipline. has been associated. willi lov.-ered n.sk of 
substance (alcohol/drugs/tobacco) abuse. Serre of the rreasures 
mentioned here would be particularly useful fOr prevention ond control 
of alcohol ond drugs abuse armng adolescents 
(i) Avoid undue peer pressW'e- E\ery child has his/her own chOice 
and persoriality. which should be respected ond nurtured. A child 
should not be pushed unduly to perfOrm be)Ond his/her threshold 
limits: be it studies. sp:~rts orotll.er acti\lilies. 
(u) Education and coun.selli719 - Educating ond COWlselling him/ 
her to face problems .and. stresses . .and. to .accept dis.appOintrrents 
ond Mules as a pMt of life. It IOOUid also be IOOrthwhile to clwlnelise 
the childs energy into healthy pursUits like sports. reoding. rru Sic. 
yoga a. nct otll.er e:.ct ra cum cu 1M .actiVities. 
(iii) Soorcin9 help from parents and peers -Help from parents and 
peers should be sought inmediately so that they can gUide 
appropriately. Help may e'en be sought from close ond trusted 
friends. Besides getting proper ad~se to sort out their problems. 
this """ld help )<lung to vent their feelings of anXiety ond gUilt. 
(i\j Loold719for da719er signs -Alert parents and teachers need to 
look tor and identify the danger s;gns discussed abme. Elen fnends. 
ii they find sorreone using drugs or alcohol. should not hesitate to 
bring tll.is to tll.e notice ot parents or teacher in the best interests ot 
the person concerned Appropriate rreasures """ld then be reqUired 
todia~ose the malady and the underlying causes. This "ould help 
in initiating proper rerredial steps or treatrrent. 
(<j Seeki"9 ~essional and medical help -A lot of help is available 
in the fOrm of highly quoliiied psychologists. psychiatrists. ond de­
addiction and rehabilitation programrres to help indi~duals who 
havetmfortunatelygot in thequa!r<>ifeofdrug/alcohol abuse. With 
such help. the oifected indiVidual With suf!icienteflbrts ond will pD~<..-. 
can !l't rid of the problem completely and lead a perfectly normal 
ondhealthyllte . .... ................................................. . 
SUMI'IIARY 
Heru.Ul.tsnot jUSt the a.bsen::e of dise?se. It 1S a state of com p1ete ph~ 
monW. soc< a! on<! psychologtcal well- bemg. DlSeoses like typhoid. 
choler~ pnewnoni.~ fl.m@l Ulfecuons of skin. m3l.ma and mmy oiliers 
Me a major cause of distress to human. bemgs. Vector-borr.e dise~ 
like I'MlMta espe::1ally or.e caused by ~«smod(umfidcCp«rum. 1f not 
treated. may prO"o'e fatal. Ees:1des personal cleanliness .mel hygiene. 
public heru.Ul. measures like proper disposal of w.3Ste, deco~n 
of dnnk1ng water. control of \~rs like mosqUitoes ~ U\"'m\U'Us.alion 
Me \E:I'}' helpful in pre-.oent.mg Ulese diseases. Our immune system plays 
ilie major role 1n pre-.~nt.ing' iliese dtse3.ses when we Me exposed to 
dtsease-caus:ing ~nts. The umate deferoes of our body like sk1n. 
mucous me:rnbr.cmes. .cmtirn1crob1al sub~es present in our teMs. 
saliva on<! the ph>e>cyUc c:ells help to block the entry ol patho@mS 
Into our body. If the patho@mS su>C>ee:l ln g>1n1ng on1ry to our body. 
spec:<nc onl.lbodies ihumorallmmune response) =<! c:ells (oell mediated 
U\"'mw:e response) sen~ to kill iliese patho@alS. Immw:e system~ 
me:rnory. On subsequent exposure to same pailioge:n. ilie immtme 
response iS rapid~ more intense. nus fOrros the bas:1s of protection 
., : ~ .. 
.... . . '.: <~-. 
163 
! 
r 
IIK'IIOGY 
·:~.'~ ~orded by ~n and tmm\U"IisaUon. Among other dise~ AIDS .'~;~· 
~ ~e:r kill a 1M~ number of mdiw.hWs worldWide. AIDS caused 
:·~· 
./.~:t ;: by the hum.cm immuno-deftctency w.rus (HIV) 1S fatal but com be 
:~ pre"oE:nted 1f oe:rt.a:1n pr..::::caut1ons Me l4ken M.3ny ~e:rs a:re cur.Wle 1f 
~ deteoted eo:rly =I <>ppropnate thraapeut1c meoswes ..., token. Of late. 
;~ drug and alcohol abuse among }'OUili ~ adolesoe:nts 1S becommg 
~~ .mother cause of corce:rn. Because of the addictive nature of alcohol 
;: ~ drugs. and their ~ei.\e::l be:neftts like relief from stress. a person 
;~ may try ~ iliese Ul. ilie faoe of ~ pressure. e:x.m\inaUons-ret.cded 
{·:;:~;<:· ~; ~ comp;Ait1orrrelate::l stresses. In doing so. he/she may get addicted 
/:.-·'' 
., .... ·. 
'';\ ;~ to U:em. Educat1on .Wout their hMrnful effects. cotmSelling ~ seektng 
:~,.{·::~~ .. ~' :; immed1ate professiOnal ~ mediCal help would totally relte\e ilie 
:: mdiw.i ua1 from these evils. :.~:: :: :: ..... •.························································ ···························································································································• .. 
FXF-RC!SFS 
1. What Me the \IMtous public l':e.Mili measures. which }'OU would SU~!Ef!St 
os solegu>z<! otO!nsl lnfeouous dlseoses? 
2. In which way has the study of biology helped us to controlinfecUous 
diseases? 
3. How does ilie t.r~n of each of ilie fOllowing dtse?ses ta1<e place? 
(a) Arnoeb1<>S!s (b) M.t.na (c) Asco:r!>SlS (d) P"""""'nia 
4. What me3'SUI'e v.ould you take to pre-.E:nt wale:r-borne d1se3'Ses? 
5. DiScuss W.th }'0\U teacher what does 'a sut.l-3ble (tme' means. Ul. ilie 
conte:xt of DNA v.accmes. 
6. Nome the prtrnMy =I second>ry lyrnpho1d e<g>r>s. 
7. The fOlloWing Me some well-knov.n abbreViations. v.hich ha\e been 
used Ul. U'liS chapter. Ex~ e.zch one to its fun fOrm: 
(a) MALT (b) CMI (c) AIDS (d) NACO 
(e) HIV 
8. Dlf!erenU.te the fOlloWing =I @',. oxomples ol eaoh: 
(aJ lnn.<:de .mel acquued U\'lmunity (b) kti.\e .mel passi\e tmmW'Iity 
9. Draw a v.ell-labelled d1agrMn of m .cmti.body molecule. 
10. What Me the VMbus routes by which lr<lnSI\'IiS:ston of hurn<m U\'lmUl'll> 
delic<oncy Ylrus Wois pl>ce? 
11. What lS the mechoJonlsm by which the AIDS Ylrus =oses delic<oncy of 
imm\U'le system of ilie 1nMcted person? 
12. How 1S a ~rous oell d1ffe:rent from a normal oell? 
13. Expl31n what 1S me?nt by m~. 
14. Ust the h>rnlful ef!ec!S caused by obohol/drvg abuse. 
15. Do you thlnk that fnonds con lrdluonce one to toke obohol/drvgs? If 
yes. h:lw may or.e protect lurnself/he:rself from sl.Ch. m tnflue:roe? 
16. Why 1S Ulat on::e a person stal'ts taking alcoh:ll or drugs. it 1S d1fftcult 
to (fA rid of UUs habit? DiScuss it w.Ul. }'OUI' teacher. 
17. In }'OUI' vieW what motivates }'O~S to t..3ke to alcohol or drugs .mel 
how em U'liS be a\.'01ded? 
CHAPTER 9 
STRATEGIES FOR ENHANCEMENT 
IN FOOD PRODUCTION 
9.1 Anima!H<.esbond>y 
9.2 Ron! Breed<"!! 
9.j S<n.gle Cell'roteios 
9. 4 Ti.ss v.e Culture 
With ever-increasing population of the world.. 
enhmcement of fbcd. prcduction is .a major necessity. 
BjoJog;cal principles .as .applied to .mirl'l3l husbandry .and 
plant breeding han~ am3.jor role inoureffbrts to increase 
fOOd prcduction. Severo.! new techniques like embJ10 
tronster technology ond tissue culture techniquesorego;ng 
to play a pi veta! rdein further enhancing fOOd prcdu ction. 
e. l AN!i'·'i~·u, Ht.IS.SANUJU' 
Animal husbondtJfiS the ~culturol practice of breeding 
.met r.ai Sing livestock. As such it is .a \.oil .a! skill for fatmer's 
.md. is .as much science .as it is .art. Anirn.al husbandry 
reols With the care ond breeding of ll\estock like buf!oloes. 
rows. pigs. hocses. cattle. sheep. correls. goats. etc .• that 
are useful to humans. &~nctect. it includes p:~ultry 
IMming on d fisheries. Fl shenes inclure reortng. catching. 
selling. etc .• of fish. rrolluscs (shell-fish) and crustaceons 
(prawns. crabs. etc.). Since tirre irrll"renDrtal • .anin'Ws like 
tees. Silk.-T..I.'Offi\. prawns. cr.abs. fishes. birds. pigs. cattle. 
sheep onct carrels ha\e been used by hUill3Jls ror prcdu cts 
like milk. eggs. rreat. v.o:>l. Silk. honey. etc. 
It is estimated that rrore then 70 per cent of the world 
livestock population is in India .and. China. However. it is 
r 
81010GV 
surprising to note that the cootrtbution to the v.orld form prcduce is ooly 
25 per cent. i.e .. the prcductiVity per Wl.it is very low. Hence. in .addition 
to oonvenlio!ul practices ot mirml bleeding mel t:!Ie. nev.l3r technologies 
also have to be applied to achieve imprmemmt in quolity and pro:lucti<tty. 
9.1.1 Management of Farms and Farm Animals 
A professiOnal approach to what have been traditional practices of form 
man>gement gives the nruch neered boost to our food produ c\ioo. Let us 
discuss sorre of the ~ement procedures. empioyect in "'nousanimo.l 
form systems. 
9. J. J. J DeWy FOTm Mo.n.ogemRnt 
Dairying is the manogerrent of onimo.ls fOr milk and its products fi:Jr 
human cooswnptioo. can gou list the Mima!s that gou wocdd expect 
to fond. in o. d.airg? INI\at are different l<:ind.s of products that Cat\ be 
mo.d.e with mJ>:.from o. d.airgfarm? In dairy farm man>gerrent. "" deo.l 
with processes and systems that increase Joield and improve quo.lity of 
milk. Milk yield is prim3I'ily dependent oo the quolity of breeds in the 
form Selection of good breeds ha>~ng high yieldingpotentio.l (under the 
climatic conditions of the .area). combined V>litll. resistmce to diseases is 
very important. For the yield potentio.l to be reo.lised the ca\Ue have to be 
welllcoked after- \hey have to be housed well. should have ..cteqw.te 
water .and be maintained disease free. The feeding of cattle should. be 
carried. out in .a scientific m.armer-V>lith special emphasis on tll.e quality 
andquantityof foctrer. Besides. stringent cleanliness and hygiene (both 
of the cattle and the h=dlers) are ofpo.rorrount importance while milking. 
storage and transport of the milk and its products. Nowadays. of course. 
much. of tll.ese processes hale becorre rrech.anisect. which reduces ch3nce 
of direct cooto.ctof the produce with the handler. Ensunng these stringent 
rre.asures lol.ould.of course. require regular inspections. witll. proper record 
keeping. It would o.lso help to identify and rectify the problems as early 
as posSible. Regular Visits bY a veterinary doctor would be mandatory. 
You v.ould probably find it interesting if you ""re to prepare a 
ques\ionno.ire en diverse aspects ci dairy keeping and then fOllow it up With 
a >!sit to ado.iryfo.rminyourlocality and seek ansv."rs to the questions. 
9. J. J .2 Poullry Farm Mo.n.ogement 
Poultry is the class of cbrres\icated fowl (birds) used for fi:Jod or fOr their 
eggs. They typicolly inc lure chicl<en and ducks. and sorre\irres turkey and 
geese. The v.ad poultry is often usedtorefertothe rreo.tof oolythese bil:ds. 
but in a !lDie general sense it may refer to the rreat ci other birds too. 
As in dairy f.armin,g. selection of disease tree .and suitable breeds. 
proper and sore form conditions. proper feed and water. and hygiene and 
heo.lth care are important components of poultry farm man>gerrent. 
STRATEGIES FOR ENBANCEMENT IN FOOD PRODUCTION 
You may have seen TV news or read newspaper­
reports about the 'birdflu virus' which created a scare in 
the country and drastically affected egg and chicken 
consumption. Find out more about it and discuss whether 
the panic reaction was just!fied. How can we prevent the 
spread of the flu in case some chicken are infected? 
9.1.2 Animal Breeding 
Breeding of animals is an important aspect of animal 
husbandry. Animal breeding aims at increasing the yield 
of animals and improving the desirable qualities of the 
produce. For what kind of characters would we breed 
animals? Would the selection of characters differ with 
the choice of animals? 
What do we understand by the term 'breed'? A group 
of animals related by descent and similar in most characters 
like general appearance, features, size, configuration, etc., 
are said to belong to a breed. Find out the names of some 
common breeds of cattle and poultry in the farms of your 
area. 
(a) 
(b) When breeding is between animals of the same breed it 
is called inbreeding, while crosses between different breeds 
are called outbreeding. 
Inbreeding : Inbreeding refers to the mating of more 
closely related individuals within the same breed for 4-
Figure 9.1 Improved breed of 
cattle and chic ken s 
(a) Jersey (b) Legho rn 
6 generations. The breeding strategy is as follows- superior males and 
superior females of the same breed are identified and mated in pairs. 
The progeny obtained from such matings are evaluated and superior 
males and females among them are identified for further mating. A 
superior female , in the case of cattle , is the cow or buffalo that produces 
more milk per lactation. On the other hand , a superior male is the bull, 
which gives rise to superior progeny as compared to those of other 
males. 
Try to recollect the homozygous purelines developed by Mendel as 
discussed in Chapter 5. A similar strategy is used for developing purelines 
in cattle as was used in case of peas. Inbreeding increases homozygosity. 
Thus inbreeding is necessary if we want to evolve a pureline in any animal. 
Inbreeding exposes hannful recessive genes that are eliminated by sele ction. 
It also helps in accumulation of superior genes and elimin a tion of less 
desirable genes. Therefore , this approach , where there is selection at each 
step , increases the produ ctivity of inbred population. However, continu ed 
inbreeding, especially close inbreeding, usually reduces fertility and even 
productivity. This is called inbreeding depression. Whenever this becomes 
a problem , selected animals of the breeding population should be mated 
with unrelated superior animals of the same breed. This usually helps 
restore fertilily andyield. 
Out-breeding: Out-breeding is the breeding of the unrelated animals, 
which may be between individuals of the same breed (but having no 
common ancestors), or between different breeds (cross-breeding) or 
different species (inter-specific hybridisation). 
Out-crossing: This is the practice of mating of animals within the same 
breed, but having no common ancestors on either side of their pedigree 
up to 4-6 generations. The offspring of such a mating is known as an 
out-cross. It is the best breeding method for animals that are 
below average in productivily in milk production, growth rate in beef 
cattle, etc. A single outcross often helps to overcome inbreeding 
depression. 
Cross-breeding: In this method, superior males of one breed are mated 
with superior females of another breed. Cross-breeding allows the 
desirable qualities of two different breeds to be combined. The progeny 
hybrid animals m<oy themselves be used for commercial production. 
Alternatively, they may be subjected to some form of inbreeding and 
selection to develop new stable breeds that may be superior to the existing 
breeds. Many new animal breeds have been developed try this approach. 
H(SardaLe is a new breed of sheep developed in Punjab try crossing 
Bikaneri ewes and Marino rams. 
Interspecific hybridisation: In this method, male and female animals 
of two different species are mated. In some cases, the progeey m<oy combine 
desirable features of both the parents, and may be of considerable 
economic value, e.g., the mule (Figure 9.2). Do you know what cross 
teads to the product(On of the m.ule? 
Controlled breeding experiments are carried out using artificial 
insemination. The semen is collected from the male that 
is chosen as a parent and injected into the reproductive 
tract of the selected female try the breeder. The semen 
m<oy be used immediately or can be frozen and used at a 
later date. It can also be transported in a frozen form to 
where the female is housed. In this way desirable matings 
are carried. Artificial insemination helps us overcome 
several problems of normal matings. Can you d(Scuss 
and tist som.e of them.? 
Often, the success rate of crossing mature male and 
female animals is fairly low even though artificial 
insemination is carried out. To improve chances of 
successful production of eybrids, other means are also used. Multiple 
Ovulation Embryo Transfer Technology (MOET) is one such 
programme for herd improvement. In this method, a cow is administered 
hormones, with FSH-like activily, to induce follicular maturation and super 
ovulation- instead of one egg, which they normally yield per cycle, they 
~UATEGI~ f()t CtiHA!!('~)J,f!iT II! FOOO HOOOC'TIO!! 
prcduce 6-8 eggs. The onima1 is either mated with"" elite bull or orti1ieiolly 
inseminated. The fertilised eggs at 8-32 cells stages. are recovered. non­
sur~t:!lly mel tnnsfened to surrogate rrothers. The genetic rrother is 
avo;)able fOr another round of superovulation. This technology has been 
clmunstrated fOr cattle, sheep. rabbits. buft.loes. mares. etc. High milk­
yielding breeds of femoles and high quality (le3Jl rreat with less lipid) 
rreat-J-ielding bulls have been bred successfully to increase herd SiZe in 
a short tirre. 
9.1. a Bce-lceeping 
Bee-keeping or apiculture is tll.e maintenance of hives of hone}'bees for 
the prcduclionof honey. It has been an oge.old rottoge industry. Honey 
is a fixd. of high nutritile value and. also finds use in llie indigenous 
systems ofrredieine. Hone)'bee 3lsoprcduces beeswax. which finds many 
uses in ind.ustJy. such as in llie preparation of cosmetics and. polishes of 
variOus kinds. The increased demand of honey has led to Jarge-sc3le bee­
keeping practices: it has becorre an established. income generating 
industry. whellier practiced on a small or on a large scale. 
Bee-keeping can be practiced. in any area where lliere are suffiCient 
tee pastures of sorre wild. shrubs. fruit orchards and. cultivated. crops. 
There are sever3.1 speCies of honeybees which can be reared Of these, the 
nDst common species is Ap:.s ifldi.ca. BEehiles can be kept in one>s 
oourtyarct. on the \erandah of the house or even on the roof. Bee-keeping 
is not l.atour-intenSile. 
Bee-keeping though relati\ely easy does require sorre speCialised 
knowledge and there are several organisations that teach bee-keeping. 
The fOllowing pOints are important fOr successful bee-keeping: 
(i) Knowledge of the nature and habits of bees. 
(il) Selection of suitable location fOr keeping the beehi\es. 
(iii) C..tchingandhiVingof swarms (group of bees). 
(i\j Managerrent of beehives during different seasons. and 
(\j Handilngand oolleclioncthoneyandofbeesw.>,. Bees are thepdlinators 
ct manyof our crop speCies (see chapter 2) such as sunfbv.,r. Bro.s..:oo. 
appleard pear. Keeping beehives in crop 6elds duringflov.»ringpenod 
increases pollination ef!iciency and improves the J-ield-bene1ici3.1 both 
frcm the pOint of w.w of crop J-ield and honey yield. 
9. 1.4 ii'ishcri5 
Fishery is an industryde\Oled to the catching procesSing or sellingctfish, 
shellfish or other aquatic animals. A large number of our population is 
deperdent en fish, fish prcdu cts and other aquatic onimals such as prawn. 
crnb.lobster.edit>le C!'ster. etc .. fbrfo::OO. Sorreofthe freshwater fishes which 
are 'erycu&n&u& include Cotla. Rl>hu..and.cu&n&u& carp. Sorre c1. tl1e rm.nne 
fishes tll.at are eaten inclure - Hilsa.. Sardines. Mackerel and. Pom1iets . 
.R.n.d. out uXvJI.fl3v!s crre comm::>nlg eo.ten ifl goW" area.. 
r 
81010GV 
Fisheries ru.s on impor\ont place in lndion econcmy. It provides incorre 
ond employrrent to millions of fisherrren and fanrers. porticu!Mly in the 
coasUI states. Forrnan:y. itis the oniJI sounB of their livelihood. In order 
to rreet llie increa.sing ctenwlds on fisheries. different techniques ha.ve 
been emplo)ed to in crease prcducticn. For example. through aquaculture 
a.nct pisCiculture we have been a.ble toincrea.se llie prcduction of .aquatic 
plants and onimals. both fresh-water and marine. Find. out the differerv::e 
be!ween p<sc<a.dture a.nd. aquocul.!ure. This ru.s led to the d.eveloprrent 
ond Oourtshing of the fishery industry. and it ru.s brought a lot of in rome 
to the t.rrrers in porticular and the country in g.neral. We now Wk. about 
'Blue Revolution' as being implerrented olong the sarre lines as 'Green 
Rerolution•. 
9.2 PlANT BnBl':DING 
Traditionol falllling can only yield a limited biOmass. as b:d fbr humans 
a.nct a.nirn.als. Better m:am.gerrent pra.ctices .mct increa.se in a.crea.ge can 
increase yield. but only to alimited.,<tent. Plant breeding as a technology 
ru.s helped increase yields to a \erylarge "'<tent. Who in India ru.s not 
heard of Green Rewlutlon which wa.s responsible fbr our country to 
not rrerely rreet the nationol requirerrents in fOOd prcduction but olso 
helped. us elen to e:...:port it? Green revolution w.asctepenrent toa.lMge 
extent on plant breeding techniques fbrd.e,eloprrent of high-yieldingond 
d.isea.se reSisl3nt v3.fiet.ies in whea.t. nee. maiZe. etc. 
9.2.1 Whnt is Plan£ Breeding? 
Plant breeding is the purposeful manipulation ci plant species in orcter to 
create desired plant types that are better sUited fbr cultiO>.tion, g;ve better 
yields and are disease reSistont. Cbnventionol plant breeding ru.s been 
practicedfor\housonds of )ears. since the be~ of hurnon ci\ilisation: 
recorded e\.ldence of plant breeding dates back to 9, 000- 11.000 years .go. 
Many present-day crops are the result of dorresticaticn in oncient tirres. 
Today. oll our major fOcd crops are c\eri\ed from dorresticated vorteties. 
ClasSicol plant breeding in\Olves crosSing or h)-bl!disation of pure lines. 
fOllov.ed by artifieiol selection toptt:duceplont.s With desirable tr>itsofhi@er 
yield. nutrttion .mct reSisl3nce tod.isea.ses. Willi .actvmcems:nts in genetics. 
rrolecular biOlogy and \issue culture. plant breeding is now increasin&ly 
being earned out byuSingrrolecu!M g.neuc tools. 
If we '-l.'ere to list llie traits or chMa.cters tl13.t llie breeders have trted to 
incorpora.te into crop pl3.nts. the first we would. list would. be increa.sed. 
crop yield ond imprmed quolity. Increased toleronce toenVironmenW 
stresses (solinity.extrerre temperatures. drou8)lt). reSistonce topa\hog.ns 
(Viruses. fungi and bacteria) and increased toleronceto insect pests 100Uld 
be on our list too. 
Plant breeding pn:~=s are earned out in a sysle maUc ... y 
worldwide-tn~tinSti.tutions andcat•t:e c:ial COI:q)anies. The 
~n steps in lreednga new genetic variety a a crop a.re-
(i) Coll<etion qf variability: Genetic ""rtabili ty is lhe reo\ at any 
treec:llngp rogram~re. In many crops pre .eXisting geneuc variability 
is aw.Uable from Wild relaU\es at the crop. COllecticn and preservalion 
ot alllhecutreren t wild vorieties. species and. relatives ot the cu!Uvated 
species (foUoiM9d by their evalualion far llieir characlertslics) is a 
pre-requisi te lbr effeclive exploitation ot nat urol sones availo.ble in 
lhe JX)pulo.tions. The entire collection (ot plant s/seeds ) ha~ ng all 
lhe cli\erse alleles far all genes in a g;ven crop is called germ plasm 
collectlcm. 
(U) Evaluation and sel<etion qf parents: The gennpb sm is evaluated 
so as to ict.ntify plo.nls with resirable rombinalion of character>. 
The selected plo.nls are r=llip lled and used in the process of 
~ncballcn. Purellnes are created where\erct.Sirable anctpassillle. 
[jti) O'ass h.ifl>ddisation amo119 the sei<CtM parents: The desired 
character s ha"' \efl'ctlen to be ca•lbulledfran twodftlorent pto.nts 
(parento). roc exaJr4>le high protein qualltyci one parent may need 
to be cCillbined With eli sease resistan ce from another parent. 11lis is 
possible by cross h)'btidis ing the t"'"' parent s to p!OO.lao hybrids 
that genetically combine the desired chara cters inane plant. This is 
a very time-cons uming and tedious process since the pollen 
gt"all'lS from the desirable plo.nt chosen as male parent have to be 
collected and. placed on the sti§na of the flowers selected as female 
parent On chapter 2 details on how to mak.e crosses have been 
cbscnbect). Also. ilisnol necessary that the hyb rids cb combine the 
cbOirable character>: usually only one in few hundred to a thousand 
crosses shows the deSirable combination. 
(iv) Selection and testi119 qf superior r...,..ml>inan.ts: 11lis step 
consists of selecting. among the progeny of the hybrids. those pbnls 
that have there Sired character carnbinalion. The selecUOn pmoes sis 
crucial to the success of the breeding objeCtive and requires careful 
scienWic eva.luaUm ct the ~l'· 11lis slep J'ields plants that are 
supenoc to boUJ ct the parents c-y ctlen m:re than me supenoc 
progeny plant may bea:me available). These are se.lC-polllnated roc 
severatso.re raUmsUlllhey reachastalectunilormity~tr<~. 
so that \he character> Will not segregate in llie progeny. 
M Test:ill9, relro..se and """"""'"cialisa tion qf new cultiuotS: The 
newly selected lines are evaluated lbr their yield and other ~c 
trails of quali ty. disease resistance. etc. This ew.lua\lon ls cbne by 
~ingthese in the research fields and.recarclinglheirperlbrrnan ce 
under 1de3l fertiliser .application irrigation. ~nd other crop 
manasorre nt practices. The evalualion in research fields is k>ll01M9d 
by testing the materials in fanners' fields, for at least three @"owing 
seasons at several locations in the cotu1try. representing all the 
agroclim.atic zones M'lere the crop is usually groM1. The material is 
evaluated in comparison to the best available local crop cultivar -a 
check or reference cultivar. 
India is mainly an agricultural C)Untry. Agriculture accounts 
for approximately 33 per cent of India's GDP and employs nearly 
62 per cent of the population. Mer India's independence, one of the main 
chall•ngesfacing the country was that of producing enough food for the 
in. creasing population. A:s on.ly limited lan.d i.s fit for cultivation., b'l.dia ha.s 
to strive to increase yields per unit area from. existing farm land. The 
development of several high yielding varieties of wheat and rice in the 
mid- 1960s, as a result of various plant breeding teclmi ques led to dramatic 
increase in food production in our cotu1try. This phase is often referred 
to as the Green Revolution. Figure 9.3 represents some Indian hybrid 
crope ofhighyeildingvarieties. 
(a) (b) 
(c) 
Figure 9.3 Sorre lndlan h:ybnd crops: (o) Malze; (b) Wheat: (c) Garden peas 
~UATEGI~ f()t CtiHA!!C'W,E!iT II! FOOO HOOOC'TIO!! 
Wheat and Rice: Dunng the peried 1960 to 2000. wheat prcduction 
increased from II million tones to 75 millicn tonnes while rice prcduction 
lllffit up from 35 milliOn tonr.es to m.5 milliOn tonr.es. This was due to the 
re\eloprrent of semi-dwarf VM'ieties of wheat and rice. Nobel laureate 
Nortn3Jl E. Borlaug. at International Centre fi:Jr Wheat and MaiZe 
lmprmerrent in Mexico. deleloped semi-dworf wheat. In 1963, several 
oone\ies such as SonaWo:r.and Kal(jon Sono.. which were high y;elding and 
disease resistmt. TA'ere intrcduced all G'ef tl1e wheat-~ belt of hld.ia. 
Semi-dworl nee vorte\ies""re derived frcm IR-8. (developed at lntema\icnal 
Rice Research Institute PRRIJ. Philippines) and TOichung Natile-1 (from 
T&wan). The derivatives,.,re inllt:duced in 1966. Later better -y;elding semi­
dworl vone\ies JO(Io.and Rotna. ""redeveloped in India. 
Sugar cane: Sao:i\aru.m barben: was Originally grown in north India, but 
had poor sugar content and yielcl. Tropical canes grown in south India 
Srood\aru.m oJJi.cro.rum had thicker stems and higher sugar content but 
did not grow TA'ell in north India. These two species TA'ere successfully 
crossed to get sug.ar cane varieties combining the resirable qualities of 
high yield. thick stems. high sugar and ability to grow in the sugar cane 
areas of north India. 
~unets Hybrid mo;ze, jowar and bajra have been successfullydeveloped 
in India. Hybnd breeding have led to the development of several high 
yielding varieties resistant to water stress. 
9. 2. 2 Pl<mt Brcedi11g for Disease R.,;istance 
A wide range of fungal. bacterial and wal pathogens. o!fect the yield of 
cultivated crop species. especially in tropical climates. Crop losses can 
often be s;gru1icant,up to 20-30 per cent. or sorrelirreseven total.ln this 
Situation. breeding and development of cultivars resistmt to disease 
enhances fixd. prcduction. This also helps reduce llie dependence on 
use of fun~Cides andbacteriOcides. ReSistance of the host plant is the 
ability to prevent the pathogen from cauSing disease and is determined 
by the genetic constitution of the host plan\. Before breeding is 
Wld.er1.3ken. it is imp01'1.mt to know a tout the causatile organism and 
llie ~of transmission. Serre oftll.ediseases caused byftmgi are rusts. 
e.g .. brown rust of wheat. red rot of sugarcane and late blight of potato: 
by bacteria-black rot of crucifers: and by VirUses-tobacco nusaic. 
turnip nusaic. etc. 
Methods of breeding for disease resistance: Breeding is carried 
out by the conventional breeding techniques (described earlier) or by 
mAt<>. \ion breeding. The convention<).! method of breeding fi:Jr disease 
resistmce is that of hybrid.isation and selection. It's steps are essentially 
identical to those for breeding fi:Jr any other ~omic characters such 
as high yield. The variOUs sequential steps are: screentnggermplasm 
r 
for reSistance sout'ces~ hybndisation of selected. parents. selection md. 
ev3luation of tll.e hybrids and testing and. release of new vM'ieties. 
Some crop v~rieties bred bJI hJibridis~\ion md selectiOn. for 
disease resistmce to fungi. bacteria and Viral diseases are released. 
(T~ble 9.1). 
Table 9.1 
Crop v.uiet¥ 
Whe«t Hrn9 01 
BrnssCc« fUs« s w«mCm 
(KQ.r«n ro.c) 
~~.dtflO())er fUs« Shubhm, 
f\c.s« SnO())b«d K-l 
CO())pe« fUs« Kom«t 
i .Chd!< fUs« S.:td«b«h«r 
!. ..................................................... . 
Leer/ «nd satpe rust.· hcU bunt 
Bt«ck rd. cmd Curl 
b!<$ht block ret 
Bocteno! b~sht 
Chdty mOS«(C l.(NS, 
Tobttooo mos«Cc l.(rus 
«nd Leqf rurl. 
O:>menlicml breeding is often oonstromed by the a"'il3bilityof limited 
number of disease resistmce genes tllat are present and identified. in 
vM'iOus crop vM'ieties or V>lild. relatives. Inducing mutations in pl3nts 
tll.rough di\erse rreans and. then screening tll.e pl3nt materials fbr 
reSistmce sorrelirres leads to resirable genes being identified. Plants 
hal-Ing these desirable characters can then be either m.Utiplied directly 
or can be used in breeding. Other breeding rre\hcds that are used are 
selection omongst somaclonal v.nants and genetic engineering. 
r.tutatlon is tll.e process by which genetic vM'iations are created. 
through chang.s in the base sequence within genes (see Chapter 5) 
resulting in Ue creation c1. a new character or trait not bU1d. in tll.e parental 
type.lt is posSible to induce nrutations Mtifieiallythrough use ci chemicals 
or radiations (like gornma radiations). and selecting and uSing the plants 
tllat ha\e tll.e reSirable character as a source in breeding- tll.is process is 
called mutatlon breeding. hl. mung tem. resist.mce to }ellow nDsaic 
Virus md. powdery mildew v>ere induced. by mutations. 
Several Wild relati,es of different culti"'ted species of plants have been 
shcNJn to ha\e cert.ain resistant characters but ha\e very low yield.. Hence. 
there is ~need to introduce the resistant genes into the high-Jiielding 
cultivated. varieties. Resistance to yellow nDSaic Virus in bhi.ndi. 
(Abelrnoscl'u.(.S esctden.W) was trmsferred. from. a V>lild. species md. 
resulted. in a new vM'iety of A. esculentus called. POJJ:i\a.ni. >vane.:. 
~HAtfGIPl POl INH.A.NC'f.W:Nll!l fOOD UO DIIC110!1 
All U>e ...,.,.,exa!l1'les in111Jlle l<lU.!teS a reSistance ~ne slhal are in 
U>e oamo acp speCieS. -chhastobe bredfanl""""' resistance. orin a 
related Wild spee;es. Transfer of resist.u\ee genes is aehialed b~ =ua! 
hybriCUsaUcn bel....,en lhe target and lhe source plant followed by 
.,lecucn . 
9.2. 3 Plant Breeding for Developing Rsistu.nce 
to Insect Pests 
Another major cause for large scale destruction of crop plant and crop 
pro:luce IS Insect and pestinfestaucn. Insect reSistance In host crop plants 
maybe due to rnorphdqjicol. biochemicolorph ysiOiogl.cal charac ler:isUcs. 
Hatryleaves ln Se\lerol plants are assa:iatecl With re Sis~ nee to Insect pests. 
e.g. "'Sislance tojass ids In cotton and cereal leaf beetle In wheat. In wheat. 
salld stems lead to non-preference by lhe stem sawfly and smooth lea ~ed 
and nectar-less cotton vaneties da not a\ttac\ bollworms. High aspa rtic 
aCid. low nitrogen and ~ar content in maire leads to reSistance tomai2e 
stem borers . 
Bc-eecllngmelhods i:rinsectpeslreSiStancein-..d\0 U>e oamo steps as 
those far any eUler atrononiC trail such as )'ielcl or quail\!' and are as 
clscu.ssecl .a.t:oYe. &Juroes of resistance ~nes may be culUv.at.ecl v.uieties. 
genrpb.sm eollecucns oflhe crop or Wildreia\i.., s . 
Samo released crop "'-rle\ies bred byhyt>r:idisa\icn and selectiOn. far 
insect pest resistance Me gi'\en in Table 9.2. 
Table 9.2 
r .. :c;o;·· ...................... ·················v~;·tY ........................... ······i;;·;·;;:··p~·;t;,··············· .. ........... 1 
B~UCO« 
(~pf:SH<i m'-'stard) 
f\($ « S.em 2, 
~«Sem3 
A)>h<d. 
Jc~.s.s<h. «ph~$ and 
jrv.J.t f>o,_r 
si><>Oian« FMi ~r 
9.2. -l Plan t Breeding for Improved Food Suallty 
Mere than 840 milliOn people in lhe v.ortdda- have acl>quate food to 
m!IOt lheirclally ftxx:l and nutn\icnol reqUirements . Afar pater number­
three billiOn people- suffer from micrcn u\r:ient . protetn and Vit.arnin 
cl>ficteneles or 'hidden hunger because lhey cannot afb"d to buy enou gh 
fn.ttts. vegetables. legumes. fish and rreat. Diets laeklng essential 
micrcnutrtent s- particularly ircn. Vitamin A. iCdine and zinc - Increase 
the rtsk. for disease, reduce lifesp.m and reduce ment~ abilities. 
r 
81010GV 
Blofortl11caUon -breeding crops with higher levels of ViUunins ond 
minerals. or higher protein md healthier fats -is the most practical rreons 
to improve public heal lh. 
Breeding for improved nutrtti0113.1 qwlity is unrertoken with the 
objectives of improVing-
(i) Protein oontent•ndqU3lity; 
(u) Oil content md qwlity; 
(ill) Vitamin oontent; •nd 
(i'-" Micronutrient .met miner~.l content. 
In 2000. mo;ze hybridslhet had twice the orrountofthe •mlnO •eids, 
lysine and. tryptophM. compa.red. to existing ma.iZe hybrids were 
deleloped. Whe•t v.nety. Atlas 66, haVing • high protein content. has 
been used •s • donor fbr improVing cui \i\Qted whe•t. It has been possible 
to revelop on iron-fbr\i1ied rice \Qrtety containing over five \irres •s rruch 
iron a.s in comi"''DD'lly consurrect vM'ieties. 
The Indian J\8"icultural Research Institute. New Delhi has alsorele•sed 
several vegetable crcps lhet are rich in Vitamins md minerals. e.g. Vitamin 
A enriched carrots. spinach. pwnpkin; Vitamin C enriched bitter gourd. 
botMu.a. rru stard. tomato; iron md calcium enriched spinach •nd lxr.tlwa; 
ond protein enriched bems- broad,lablab, French md go !den peas. 
S.3 SINGLE: CEIL Pn<rr~W~ (SCP) 
Conven\i0113.l agricultural production of cereals. pulses. vegetables. fruits. 
etc .• may not be •ble to rreet the demand of food •t the r•te •t which 
human mct•nimal population isincre•Sing The shifttromgrain torre•t 
dietsalso creates rroredemandfor cerealsasit tokes 3-10 Kg of grain to 
produce I Kg of meat by mimal fo.rtlling. Con gou.exp.ain tlV.s statement 
in the lJBht ofgour lmcw!edge of food chains? More lhen 25 per cent of 
human population is suffering from hunger •nd malnutrition. One of the 
a.ltemate sources of proteins fbr a.l'lirn3la.nd. hut'I'Wl nutrition is Stngie 
cen Protein (SCP). 
Microbes are teing grown on an ind.ust.r'i3l scale a.s source of good. 
protein. Microbes like S)Xltdina. con be grown e•sily on materials like 
w•ste water from potato processing plants (containlng starch). str•w. 
nDl3.sses. a.nirn.al manure a.nd. even sew.age. to produce l3.rge quantities 
a.nct can sene a.s tixd. :rich in protein. miner.als. fats. ca.rbohyctra.te and. 
Vilamins. Incid.ent.ally such utilisa.tion a.lso reduces en\r1ronmmt.al 
pollution. 
It has been calculated lhet • 250 Kg cow produces 200 got protein 
per dsy. In the sarre periOd. 250gof • micro-organism like Metl'lg!opvb.t.s 
metlvJ!o!Topw.s. bec•use of its high r•te of biOmass production ond 
growth. con be expected to produce 25 tonnes of protein. The f•ct that 
~TRA.HGIE\ fOl fNHA.NC'f.H,fNT IN fOOD HODIPC'TION 
mushro:msore eaten bymanypeopleondlarQ> scalemushro:m culture 
is a !§OWing indusuy makes it belle""ble that microte s to:> would becorre 
ac eeptable as toed 
9. 4 Tlt'.'>!lE CtlLrunP. 
As tr.>.dilianal b~ techniques faUedtolteep pace With demand and 
to ptOI'ide sul!iciently fast and elrlclent syste,..,. foe crop illlprolellenL 
another tec:llr>oqly caDecl tlssuecultute §XCIIM!loped Whatdces \issue 
cullw-e mean? It was learnt by seienllsts. dW'ing 1950s. that whole 
plants could be regenerated from expl.ini&. Le .. any part of a plant taken 
out and g,own in a test tube. under slerlle eancliUOns in speCial nult!en\ 
media. This capacity to !!6netate a whole plant fran any tell/explant iS 
called totipotency . You wUI learn how to aceC>~q>lish this in highe< 
classes. It is impOrto.nt to stress here that the nutnent<redium must 
pro~de a carton source such as sucmse and also inorganic s.alts. 
Vitamins. amino aCids and growth regulators like auXins. cytokinins 
etc. By application of these rrelhodSillo pooSible to achieve propagation 
of a large number of plants in vecy ohorl dura lions. This method of 
produ cing thouSandS ofplantOthrough \i$$UO Culture iS c3lled mlcro­
propagatlon . Each of these plan\$ will be genetically identical to the 
anginal plant from which they were (!OWn. I.e., they are somaclones. 
Many important food plantollk.e tomato. banana. apple. etc .. have been 
produced on comm;:rclal ocale uo1ng thiO rrethod. Tty to ~lsi\ a tissue 
culture laboratory With your teacher to better understand and appreCiate 
llie process. 
Another important >ppllcalion of the rrelhod is the recovery of healthy 
plants from diseased planto. Although the plant iS infected with a vtrus. 
the mertstem (>pica! ondOX!llarJI) 10 tree of Virus. Hence. one can rell'DI/e 
the menstem and grew it (n ouro to obtain vtrus.free plants . SCientists 
h3~ succeeded in cull Wing rrenstems ct banana. sugarcane. potato. etc. 
Scientists h>ve even 10olatec1 single cells from plants and after 
digesting their cell v.>alls have been able to isolate naked protoplas\s 
(surrounded by plasma rrembranes) . Isolated protoplas\s from two 
different varieties of planto - each haVIng a desirable charact er- can be 
fused to get hybrid protoplasto. which can be further grown to form a 
new plant. These hybrid s are called somatic hybrids while the proress 
is called somatic hytlrtd.lsaUOn. Ima~ne a situation when a protoplast 
of tomato is fused with that of potato. and then they are grown - to form 
new hJ'brid plants ccrrbininjl tomato and pc(ato charactenstics. Wlell 
this has bee! achie<oed-resultlng ill i:lllnallellcttomato: unforttmateil' 
this plantdidncl hare 311 the ell sired ccrrbinaUonof charac\ertslicsfcr 
its conuterdal utilisation. 
SUMMARY 
Anlrn>l h>.osbordry lS <he pract!oe of tak!ng CMe on<! ~ dornesUc 
=>ls by applying sc- pr!reiples. The """'·lr«OOSU>g dem>nd 
of fOod &om or4m>ls 3l"d <mlm>l products both ln terms of qu>lily ;mel 
qu>nlity h>s been met by e>od =at husbondry pracUces. These 
practice; mclude (1) ~e:me:nt of Wm ~ £mn <lnim~s. .mel (u.) 
~ breeding. In \.UM of the high nutrtU\e ~ue of hor.ey ~ tts 
medidnallmporton:>e. U-se has been • remo:rkable growth ln the pr acUce 
of bee-keeping or apiOU!twe. Fishery lS onother Oour!Shlng Industry 
meetJng the "'er-lr«eosu>g dem>nd fOr Bsh. fish products =I oti-s 
aqua11c fOods. 
Plc:nt bree::lmg may be used to cre.cde \'Miet1eS. which Me res:1sl.3nl 
to polhogons =I to inSect pes!S. 1hls lnC<eosos the y1e1d of the fOod. 
This meili:ld has ~ been used to inCrease the protein content of ilie 
pl.,_ fOods ;mel U-seby onha=e the qU>lity of fOod. In lnd1>. s..oral 
~of differe:nt. crop pbnts ha,e been prcduced. All iliese me.osures 
~ ilie production of fOod. Thclmiques of tissue culture ~ 
som.UC hybndis.ation offer V>St potonti>l fOr m>lUpulation of pl>n1s <n 
l.(t'"o to produoe new wrte11es. 
....... -"<" ~-r···x 'f""C' IS , ... S t..... t..... \. ..,. L ... ~ 
1. E>::pl~ in brieftheroleof mmal hus~ry inhum.cm welfMe. 
2. If:your f.mUlyowned a d3iry bnn. what me~ures would you wrle:rt..3ke 
to improw the quality~ qwmtity of milk production? 
3. What is me.mt by 1he term 'breed'? What Me the objecti\Oes of ~a! 
breeding? 
4. Name the r<IOthod semplojed in .mmal breeding. P.ccording to you which 
of the methods is best? Why? 
5. What is apiculture? How is it import..3nt in our hws? 
6. Discuss the role of fishery in ~me:nt of fOod production 
7. BriE:Oydescribe vnious steps inwl"'ed in pl3nt breeding. 
8. E~ what is me.cmt by biofortification. 
9. Which pMl of the pbnt is best suited fOr I'Mking \Oirus-free pW\ts ~ 
why? 
10. What is the major ad"'~eof producingpl3nts by micropropagation? 
II. Find out wh>.t tho o>:rious components of the medium used for 
propagation of .em e¥-pbnt ch ~tro Me? 
12. NMne .cmy Dw hybrid \OMieties ofcroppl3nf.s which haw been dew loped 
in lrdia. 
CHAPTER 10 
MICROBES IN HUMAN WELFARE 
10.1 Mtcrches tn.HruseML::i 
Proc::U.mts 
10.2 Mtcrcbes inlndusOial 
Produ>ts 
10.3 Mtcrches 0'\Sewa.ge 
Trea.tmenf. 
10.4 Mtcrobes: tn.Proc::U.mttc:n. of 
Bi.ogo.s 
10.5 Mtcrobes as Bi.ocon.trol 
J!sents 
10.6 Mtcrches o.sBi.oferli.Users 
BeSides macroscopic plants and animals. microbes are 
the major components of biOlogical systems on this earth. 
You have studied about the diversity of liVing orgoni sms 
in Cl3.ss Xl. Do goct remember which K.:ngdoms o.ma'\9 
the Uo.:n.9 or901\.:Sms contain. mv::ro-or9an..:sms? T.mtid\ crre 
the ones that crreonlg mv::rosco'{Mf?Microbes .are present 
everywhere -in sOil. w.ater • .air. inside ourbcdies .mct tllat 
of other onirnals and plants. They ore presente,en at Sites 
where no ollierlife-fbrm could posSiblyeXist -sites such 
as deep inside the geysers (thermal vents) where the 
temperature may be as high as I oo•c. deep in the soil. 
Wlderthe la)ers of sllO'.o selerol rretresthick. and in highly 
.acidic enV'ironrrents. Microbes .are diVerse-protozo.a. 
bacteria. f~ and microscopic plants Viruses. WOids and 
also pnons that ore proteinaciOUs infectiOUs agents. Sorre 
ofthemicrobesareshowninFigures 10.1 and 10.2. 
Microbes like bacteria and many ftmgi can be grown 
on nu tnti\e rredia to fOrm colonies (Figure I 0 .3). that can 
be seen with the naked eyes. Such cultures are useful in 
studies on mcro-org3Jl.i sm.s. 
r 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
Figure 10.1 Bacteria: (a) Rod -shaped, 
magnifi ed 1500X; (b) Spherical 
shape d, magnified 1500X; (c) A rod­
shape d bacterium showing flagella, 
magnilled SO,OOOX 
BIOlOGY 
(b) 
(c) 
Figure 10.2 Viru ses: (a) A ba cteri opha ge; (b) 
Aden oviru s which causes respirat ory 
infecti ons; (c) Rod-shap ed Toba cco 
Mosai c Virus (1MV). Magnified ab ou t 
1,00,000-l,SO ,OOOX 
Fungal colony 
(b) 
Figure 10.3 (a) Colonies of bact eria growing in a petri dish; 
(b) Fungal colon y growing in a petri dish 
MICROif S IN HUMAN WHrA Rf 
In chapter 8. you have <..acl that microbes cause a t.rge numter of 
diseases inhuman being3 . They also cause diseases inanirnalsan:l pWlts. 
But this should nol make you thinldhat .n microbes are harmful; "'"'raJ 
mierote s are useful toman1ncli110ne way>. Sorreofthem:>st inlpO!tant 
ronlrtbuUons of miCIOOeo to human wellate are di seusse:! in this chapter. 
10.1 MicRoBEs,; BoUSEROLI> Pnoouc-rs 
You 1P>Ulcl be SW"ptlsed to - that we use microbes ac pmructs 
clefi\ed from them e"'"'1'CCay. A ecmtrrlrl OXO.!rf>le is lbe ptocluctioo c1 
c:u.rd from mlk.. Mlcro<trganl s-ms s-uch as l.4c:tohtM1lus and otbers 
oonu u tly ca.Uedla.c:Ucadd tacterta (LAD)p;awin mlk andccnvert it 
to curc1. Durtng growth. the J.,o,B procluce acids that coagulate ancl 
partially digest the milt prole!ns . A small am>u n t of cun:l3dclecl to the 
fresh milt as inoculum or starler ccnUln mllions of LAB. which at 
suitable temperatu res multiply. thus ccnverti ng milk to cum. which 
also improl'es its nulrttional quality by increasing Vitamin B,..In our 
stoma ch too. the J.,o,B play very benefic~! tole in checking disease­
causingmi crobes. 
The clou@l. which is usecllormakingfoxls such as do.so.ancl i.dli. is 
also fermented byb aclerta . The put!ecl-up appearance of dough is due to 
the ptoducUon of co. gas. CCXI\ go« ~U. wN.d>. metabolic patlwxuJ <s 
tal<ing p.a.o. resUU.ing in 1;1\<: Jorrrci.IJ:m. qJ co,? wru,,. do go« tNnk tl'le 
ba.d.eM.Jor tl'le seJ•rm•ntati.Cns cam•Jrom? Simi.l>rly the dough. which 
is u sect for Jn.3king bre ad. is fermented using b.aker•s ye.ast 
(Saoo'taromgces cereO!~OA1) . A number of tradiUona l drinks and loods 
are also made by ferrn>ntaUon by the microtes. 'ToddJf. a tr3clitional 
drink of some ports of sou them India is made by fermenting sap from 
palms. Microbes are also used to ferrn>nt fish. scya tean and bambco­
shcots to make loocls. Cheese. 1s one of the oldest lood items in which 
microbes TNere used. OI.IJ'erent w.rteties ot cheese are known by llieit' 
charactensU c textu<e. flavour ancl tasle. the spec ifiCity cOming from the 
microbes used For example. the IMge holes- in 'St:Ni.ss cheese• are due to 
produ ction of a large amount ot CO::~ by .a bacterium named 
Propi.enibad..-ili.m $1\am>:m«. The 'Roquefort cheese• are npene:! by 
!tOWing a speCific tung; on them. which~"' s them a particul>r flavour. 
1 0.:! MicRoBES ll'l INOUSTRI.'\1. PnoDttc-n 
Elen in inclustry. microbes a<e usecl to•ynthesiseanum tera products 
11.>luable to human beings. Bever~• anc1 antibiOtics a<e sc:rre ~les. 
FtoducUon oo an inclu•trtalscale. require> gtoloingmicrobes in ve<y la<ge 
~essels called !ernlenlo15 (Fit-tre 1 0.4}. 
18-2 
Figure 10.4 Ferrnentors 
Figure 10.5 Fermentation Plant 
BIOLOGY 
10.2 .1 Fermented Beverages 
Microbes especially yeas ts have been used from 
time immemorial for the production of beverages 
like wille , beer , whisky, brandy or rum. For this 
purpose the same yeast Saccharomyces 
cerevisiae used for bread-making and 
commonly called brewer's yeast, is used for 
fermenting malted cereals and fruit juices, to 
produce ethanol. Do you recollect the metabolic 
reactions, which result in the production of 
ethanol by yeast? Depending on the type of the 
raw material used for fermentation and the type 
of processing (with or without distillation) 
different types of alcoholic drinks are obtained. 
Wine and beer are produced without distillation 
whereas whisky , brandy and rum are produced 
by distillation of the fermented broth. The 
photograph of a fermentation plant is shown in 
Figure 10. 5. 
10.2 .2 Antibiotics 
Antibiotics produced by microbes are regarded 
as one of the most significant discoveries of the 
twentieth century and have greatly contributed 
towards thewelfare ofthehumansocie1y. Antiis 
a Greek word that means 'against' , and biomeans 
1ife' , together they mean 'against life ' (in the 
context of disease causing organisms); whereas with reference to human 
beings, they are 'pro life' and not against. Antibiotics are chemical 
substances, which are produced by some microbes and can kill or retard 
the growth of other (disease-causing) microbes. 
You are familiar with the commonly used antibiotic Penicillin. Do you 
know that Penicillin was the first antibiotic to be discovered, and it was a 
chance discovery? Alexander Fleming while working on Staphylococci 
bacteria, once observed a mould growing in one of his um.vashed culture 
plates around which Staphylococci could not grow. He found out that it 
was due to a chemical produced by the mould and he named it Penicillin 
after the mould Penicillium notatum.. However , its full potential as an 
effe ctive antibiotic was established much later by Emest Chain and 
Howard Florey. This antibiotic was extensively used to treat American 
soldiers wounded in World War II. Fleming. Chain and Florey were awarded 
the Nobel Prize in 1945, for this discovery. 
MICROif S IN HUMAN WHrARf 
After PenicUlin. other antibiotics were also purified from other 
microbes. Can you n<:LI'1W .somf otl'Wr anti.biob:es andftild out their 
scwces? Antibiotics have greatl,y imp!OVOd our cap>. city to treat deadly 
diseases such as plague. whcopif\<! c~ (lc<>U Jcl\m\s(), diphtheria (gat 
~and leprooy (lcwlll r<>9. which used to kill millions all over the 
globe. 1bday. we C<OMOt t~ne a world without antibiOtics. 
10.2 .3 Chemical&, Enzymes and other Bioa ctiveMolecules 
Microtles are al:» used fer camercial and industrtal production a 
certain chemicalslll<e cr§l.nl c adds. alCCihols anclenzy<res . E.ulq>lesa 
acid produ..,.. are Asptrgllb.<o n(Ejfr (a f~u$) a cilrtc acid. Ac«obacter 
acell. (a bacl.ertu,q a ac:d.!c aCid: Cli>!triJliJ.tm butglirum (a bactertu,q ct 
butync acid and L<lct<>f><ro'llm(a bacterium) a lactic acid. 
Yeast (Socdl<lro~ot• otr~!s usee! for a:mrrercial production 
a ethanol. Microbes ate alsouseclfi:rproduclionofenzyrres. Upasesare 
used in detergent fi:rmulo.Uons and are helpful in rermving Oily sUins 
fromthelo.Wldry . You mustha~ noticed that bot.lledfruitjuices bought 
from the market are clearer as COI'l'pa<edtothose made at horre. This is 
becau se the bottled juices are clarttled by the use ct pectinases and 
proteases. streptokinase proeluced by tho bacterium sereptowc=and 
m:ditied by geneti c eng;neefif\<! is used as a 'clot buster' for rermving 
clots from the blood vessels ct patients who have undergone myocardial 
intra eli on leadin g to he ort attack. 
Mother bioacUve molecule. cyclosporin A. that is used as an 
irll!rnnosuppre ssive agent in organ-transplan t patients. is produced by 
the f~us Trr.clV>d<>rmo. po!!J•porvm. Statins produced by the yeast 
Mono.xus pwpureus have been o:mmercialised as blood-cholesterol 
lowe fir\<! ae>nts. It acts by cOI'l'pOtili~ly inhibiting the eru:Jme responSible 
fi:r syntheSi s ct cholesterol. 
10.3 Ml<'.ROBES IN SHWAf.Ul 1'RflATM E:NT 
W. k.now that large quantitie s of waste water are generated everyday in 
Cities and towns. Amajoc comp:::~nentotthis waste wa.terishurnanexcret.a. 
This muni.Cip.al waste.water is also called sewage. It contains brge 
amounts ct organsc matter and microbes. Manyot which are pathoe>nic . 
Ha1e you e-.er wondered whore this huge quantity a sewage or urban 
wasle walet' is d!spooedat dally? This cannot be dischareoct into natural 
waler bocles likertven and streamsdirecUy-,I'OU can understand why. 
Botredisposal. hence. -~is treated in sewaeo treatrrent plants (S1Ps) 
1D make il less polluUng. Treatment a waste water is dooe by lbe 
I I I ' ' 
I I I I I 
I I I I I 
I I I I I 
I I I I I 
I I I I I 
Figure 10.6 SPconrlRry trPM.mPnt 
', ~ " ! 'i ! 
BIO LOGY 
heterotrophic microbes naturally present in 
the sewage. This treatment is carried out in 
two stages: 
Primary treatment : These treatment 
steps basically involve physical removal of 
particles -large and small- from the sewage 
through filtration and sedimentation. These 
are removed in stages; initially , floating debris 
is removed by sequential filtration. Then the 
grit (soil and small pebbles) are removed by 
sedimentation. All solids that settle form the 
primary sludge, and the supernatant forms 
the effluent. The effluent from the primary 
settling tank is taken for secondary treatment. 
Secondary treatment or Biological treatment : The primary 
effluent is passed into large aeration tanks (Figure 10.6) where it is 
constantly agitated mechanically and air is pumped into it. This allows 
vigorous growth of useful aerobic microbes into floes (masses of 
bacteria associated with fungal filaments to form mesh like 
structures). While growing , these microbes consume the major part 
of the organic matter in the effluent. This significantly reduces the 
BOD (biochemical oxygen demand) of the effluent. BOD refers to 
the amount of the oxygen that would be consumed if all the organic 
matter in one liter of water were oxidised by bacteria. The sewage 
water is treated till the BOD is reduced. The BOD test measures the 
rate of uptake of oxygen by micro-organisms in a sample of water 
and thus, indirectly, BOD is a measure of the organic matter present 
in the water. The greater the BOD of waste water, more is its polluting 
potential. 
Once the BOD of sewage or wast e water is reduced significantly, the 
effluent is then passed into a settling tank where the bacterial 'floes' are 
allowed to sediment. This sediment is called activated sludge. A small 
part of the activated sludge is pumped back into the aeration tank to 
serve as the inoculum. The remaining major part of the sludge is pumped 
into large tanks called anaerobic sludge digesters. Here, other kinds 
of bacteria, which grow anaerobically, digest the bacteria and the fungi 
in the sludge. During this digestion , bacteria produ ce a mixture of gases 
such as methane, hydrogen sulphide and carbon dioxide. These gases 
form biogas and can be used as source of energy as it is inflammable. 
The effluent from the secondary treatment plant is generally released 
into natural water bodies like rivers and streams. An aerial view of such 
a plant is shown in Figure 10.7. 
You can appreciate howmicrcbe s playa major 
role in treating million s of ga llon s of waste wate r 
erecyda y across the globe . This rr.elho:lolqgy h as 
been practired for rrore than a rentury now , in 
almo st all parts of the v.>:rld Till date, no man­
made technology has been able to rival the 
microbial treatmen t of sewage. 
You are aware th at d ue t o in creas ing 
urbani sation , sewa.~ is being proch>redin rrruch 
larger quantities than eler before Howeler t he 
number of sewa ge treatrren t plant s h as not Figure 10.7 An aeri3l VieW of are~ pl3nt 
increa sed enough to treat such large q uantities . 
So the untreata::l sewage is oftendischatgeddire ctly intorivers leading to 
their pollution and increare in water -borne diseas es . 
The Ministry ofEnvironrre nt and Forests has initiated Gonga .Actim 
Plan a nd Yamuna Action Plan to save these majo r rivers of our country 
from pollution. Unde r the se plans, it is pJ:OFOsed to build a l ar~ numb er 
of sewage treatrre nt plants so that onlytreated sewage may be dischar~d 
in the fire rs. A visit to a sewage treat mmt plant situated in any place 
near )O U =uld be a vezy intere sting and ed ucating e:<perience. 
l 0. 4 M lC il.OllES IN PRODUCTION 0~' BIOO<IS 
Bicgas is a mixture of gase s (containing predominantly rrethane ) produ red 
by the microbial activity and which may be used a s fuel. You have learnt 
that microbe s proch>ce differen t type s of ga seous end-produ cts during 
growth and rretaboo sm The type of the ga s produced depends upon the 
microbes and the organi c sub strate s they utilise . In the e~les cited in 
relation to ferrr.entatian af dough . chee se making and production af 
beverages. the mai n gas produced was CO •. However . rertain bacteria. 
which grow anaerob ically o n cellulosic material, proch>ce large amoun t 
of rr.ethane along with CO • a nd H0 • Thes e bacte ria are collectively called 
methanogens . and one such carnmon bacterium is Methonobactertton. 
These ba cteria are corruronl y found in the anaerob ic sluclge during 
se~ treatrre nt. These ba cteria are also present in the rumen (a part af 
stomach) of cattle. A lot of rellulo sic material presen t in the food of cattle 
is al so present in the rumen. In rurren . these bacteria help in the 
breakdow n of rellulos e and play an irq>ortant role in the nutrition af 
cattle . Do gouc think w e, human bein9s . are a.bw to digest the celluose 
present in our foods"Thu s, the ""creta klungl of cattle. cornrnonly called 
9obcv,is Iichin these bacterta. Dung can be usedb' generationof biog>.s. 
corruronl y called 9obar 9a.s. 
The bioga s plan t consist s of a concrete tank (I 0-15 feet deep) in which 
bio-wastes are colle cted a nd a slurry of dung is fed A floating ce~~er is 
II I'll 11111111 111111 1111 1111111 1111 1111 11111111111 IIIII 
•1 
IIIII 111111 1111 111111 111111 11111111111 111111 1111 111111111 111111111111 111111111111111 1111 IIIII 11111111111 IIIII 
I I I II IIIII II •I • II • -
IIIII IIIII II II • II Ill Ill l11 II • • II II Ill IIIII 11111111!11 
I I I 11 IIIII 
•• I • II IIIII 4 • II II II II • II II II II II II II • II II • • II 
I II II IIIII 11111111 IIIII II IIIII II 
--
IIIII I 1111111 
-
Ill Ill 1111 1111 1111111111 
• 1111111 Ill II IIIII Ill 
---
1111 Ill 
-
BIOLOGY 
placed over the slurry, which 
keeps on rising as the gas is 
produced in the tank due to the 
microbial activity. The biogas 
plant has an outlet, which is 
connected to a pipe to supply 
biogas to nearby houses. The 
spent slurry is removed through 
another outlet and may be used 
as fertiliser. Cattle dung is 
available in large quantities in 
rural areas where ca tile are used 
for a variety of purposes. So 
biogas plants are more after 
build in rural areas. The biogas 
thus produced is used for 
cooking and lighting. The 
picture of a biogas plant is 
shown in Figure 10.8. The 
Figure 10.8 A typical biogas plant technology ofbiogas production 
was developed in India mainly 
due to the efforts of Indian Agricultural Research Institute (IARI) and 
Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC). If your school is situated 
in a village or near a village, it would be very interesting to enquire if there 
are any biogas plants nearby. Visit the biogas plant and learn more about 
it from the people who are actually managing it. 
10.5 MICROBES AS BIOCONTROL AGENTS 
Biocontrol refers to the use of biological methods for controlling plant 
diseases and pests. In modern society, these problems have been tackled 
increasingly by the use of chemicals- by use of insecticides and pesticides. 
These ch emicals are toxic and extrem ely harmful, to human beings and 
animals alike, and have been polluting our environment (soil, ground 
water), fruits, vegetables and crop plants. Our soil is also polluted through 
our use ofweedicides to remove weeds . 
Biological control of pests and diseases: In agricultur e, there is a 
method of controlling pests that relies on natural predation rather than 
introduced chemicals . A key belief of the organic farmer is that biodiversity 
furthers health. The more variety a landscape has, the more sustainable 
it is. The organic farm er, ther efore, works to create a syst em wher e the 
insects that are sometimes called pests are not eradicated, but inste ad 
are kept at manag eable levels by a compl ex syst em of checks and balanc es 
within a living and vibrant ecosystem. Contrary to the 'conventional ' 
farmin g practices whi ch often use chemical meth ods to kill both useful 
MICitOSfS IN HUMAN WElFARE 
ond ruumfullife forms indiscriminately. this is a holistic approach that 
seeks to revelop on understanding of the webs of interaction between the 
leylladof OQ!Misrns that constitute the field taun;aand Oora. The organic 
f.am'er holds llie \r1ew lli .at llie er.adic.a tion of llie ere .atu res lli .at .are often 
rescri.bed. .as pests iS not only possible. but .alsou nd.esir.able. tbr 'Nitll.out 
them the beneficial predatory ond parasitic insects which depmd upon 
lliem .as tixd. or hosts would. not be .able to survive. Thus. the use of 
biocmtrol rre.asures 'Nill greatly reduce cu.rrep3n:ience on to.Y.ic chemicals 
ond pestieires. An important part of the biologic~ falllling approach is 
to becorre familiar willi llie vM'iOus life forms that inhabit llie field.. 
predators as well as pests. and also their life cycles. patterns of feeding 
ond the habitats that they prefer. This Will help develop appropnaterreons 
of biOoontrol. 
The \eryfomiliarbeeUe with red ond black markings- the Lo.d)obird. 
and. Dr.agonrues .are useful to get rid. of .aphids .and. mosquitoes. 
respecti\ely. An example of microbial biOcontrd .agents lli.at can be 
inlltxluced in orrer to control butterfly caterpillars is the bacteria Badllus 
tluu(ng<Ens(S (often wntten as Bt). These ore aoail.able in sachets as dried 
spores which oremi:<ed With water ond sprayed onto wlnerable pl.ants 
such .as br.assic.as .and. fruit trees. where lliese are eaten by llie insect 
larvae. In the gut of the larvae. the toXin is released ond the l.arw.e get 
killed The bacterial disease will kill the caterpillars. but lea\e other insects 
unharrred. Because of the cl>\elopment of methods of genetic engmeenng 
in llie last decade or so. llie scientists ha \e in trcdu ced B. tl'u.ul.nglenslS 
to>.ln genes into pl.ants. Such pl.antsare resistant to attack bJ'insect pests. 
Bt-cotton is one such e:..:.ample. which is teing cultivated in some states 
of our country. You 'Nillle.am m:re .about lliis in chapter 12. 
A biological control being developed tor use in the treatment of pl.ant 
disease is llie ftmgus Trv::tvxlerma.. Trld\od.erm::t.speeies .are tree-liVing 
fungi that ore very common in the root ecosystems. They ore effective 
biooontrol agents of several plont pathogens. 
Baculo\.lruses ore pathogens that attack insects ondother arthropods. 
The majority of baculo\.lruses used as biOlo~cal control agents ore in the 
genus Nuclecpolgl"ledrooilu.s. These Viruses .are excellent cand.id..ates for 
speCies-speCific. narrow spectrum insectiCidal .applications. They have 
been shown to have no negati\e impacts on pl.ants. mornma1 s. birds. fish 
or even on non-target insects. This is espeei.allyd.esir.able when tenefici.al 
insects .are being conserved. to .aid. in .an ov-erall integrated. pest 
management PPM) progrornrre. or when an ecologically senSitive area is 
being treated. 
10.6 MI<'.RO:SE"<> .>~s BroFFJnzussas 
Willi our present ct.aylife styles enVirOrU"rent.al pollution is .a major cause 
of concern. Tile use of llie chemical fertilisers to n:eet llie ever -increaSing 
r 
.>.· : •• 
:. ~~> 
' .. .. ·''· 
-:~~-
SIOLO(;Y 
detn3.nd. of a.gncultura.l produce has contributed significa.ntly to 
Ul.is pollution. Of course. we ha\e now rea.lised tllat lliere a.re problems 
associated with the overuse of chemical fertilisers and there is a 
13rge pressure to sWitch to organic farming- to use of blofertlllseis. 
Biofertilisers ore organisms that enrtch the nutrient quality of the sOil. 
The m3.in sOW"'ces of bi.Ofertilisers a.re ba.cteria. fungi .and cymoba.cteria. 
You have studied about the nodules on the roots of leguminOus pl3nts 
fonred by the symbiOtic assoCiation of RNzoi:W.m. These bacteria fiX 
a.tmJsphericnitrogen intoorgmic forms. which is used by tile pl3.nt a.s 
nutrient. Other bacteria can 6x atmospheric nitrogen while free-liVing in 
the sOil (exomples Azosp;nJ,Ium and Azotobader). thus ennching the 
nitrog.n content of the soil. 
Fungi a.re .also known to form symbiotic a.ssocialions Willi pl.mts 
(mycorrhlxa). Many members of the genus Gl.omu.s fOrm reycorrhiZa. 
The fWl.g.al symbiont in lliese a.ssociations a.bsorbs phosphorus from 
sOil .and pa.sses it to the pl.mt. Pl3.nts haVing such a.ssociations show 
otll.erbenefits a.lso. such a.s reSisl3nce to root-borne pa.~ns. tolermce 
to salinity and drought. and an overall increase in pl3nt growth and 
development. Can gou teU what adoantage the fungus derwes from 
tl\i.s a.ssocV:Xt.:on? 
Gy.moba.cteria .are autotrophic microbes Widely distributed in .aquatic 
and terrestrial enVirOnrrents many of which can fiX atrrosphertc nitrog.n. 
e.g. Ano.boeno. Nostoc. Osd!l.a.tona.. etc. In paddy fields. cyanobacteria 
sene as an imp:>rtant b:ic:tertillser. Blue ~n algae also add otganic matter 
to tll.e sOil.md increa.se its fertility. Currently. in our country. a. number 
of biofertilisers a.re a.vail3.ble cornrrerci3llyin tl1e market .md f3.m'ers use 
tll.ese regul3.rly in lliei:r fields to replenish soil nutrtents a.nd. to reduce 
dependence on chemical fertilisers. 
SUMl'llARY 
MicroOOs Me a \OE:I'}' important. component of life on eMUl.. Not all 
microbes Me pailioeamc. M.cmy 1\"11crobes Me \~1'}' useful to hum.cm 
beings. We use ro1crobes .mel 1\"11crob1ally dE:11.'e::l prcducts Mnost eway 
day. Bacte:rta called lactic .zc:1d bacteria (LAB) grow tn. milk to com~rt tt 
Into curd. The do"8h which lS used to m>l<e bread. lS ferment2d by 
~called &cch«r«nyces oerec.MC«e. CE:rt.ml. diSl':es such as cdtc and 
dos«, Me m.zde from dough fermented by 1\"11crobes. Bacte:rta .mel fwlel 
Me used to impart~ texture.~~ fl.a-.~r to cheese. M1cro00s 
Me used to prcduoe mdustrtal products like lactic ac1d. acetic acid 
.mel ~ which Me used 1n a ....mety of processes 1n Ul.e in:lustry. 
Anl.lb1o11cs like 1"""4Clillns produce:! by uso!ut mierob.s oze used to kill 
dise?se-caus:mg l'wrn fu1 microbes. AntJ.b1o11cs ha'~ pla}Ed a m~or role 
ln c:onlrolllng lniEctio-u; dlse>SOS llke diphthen>. whoopu>g c:ovgh ond 
MICitOSfS IN HUMAN WElFARE 
pr.eumonl.a. For more ~ a h\U'dred ~· l\"'icrobes Me being used 
to treo.\ '"'"13ge (woste water) by the pro::ess of 3Cli vata:l slud@ fOrma\Dn 
~ UUs helps 1n rec}cling of water 1n rud.ure. Meth3noge:ns produoe 
methane (b10g>s) whl!e degrading plant woste. 810g>s produced by 
microbes 1S used~ a source of e:nerg}' 1n rural~. Microbes com also 
be used to k:i.U 1\Mmful pests. a process called ~ biocontrol. 'nle 
b10cont.rol JWNSures help us to a'oid heavy use of toxiC ~ for 
controllmg pests. 'nlere 1S a head need iliese days to push fOr use of 
biofertilise:rs 1n p1aoe of chero1ca1 fertihse:rs. It 1S c1eM from Ule dtwase 
uses human beings ru..., put mie<obes to \hoi. thoy play an u-nportant 
role 1n the we1fMe of huJ'Mn soe1E:ly. 
1. BaclE:rta ~t be seen mili the l"W<ed ~~ but Ul.ese com be seen 
mili the help of a miCroscope. If }OU ha'~ to cary a sample from }OUI' 
rome to your b1olog}o 13boratory to demonstrate the presen::e of m1Crobes 
under a miCroscope. which sample would }OU CMTY ~why? 
2. Gi'~ e:<Mnples to prO"o'e Ul.al m1erobes r~ pses dUI'Ulg metabolism. 
3. hl. which food would }OU Bnd lactic acid bac:terta? Mention some of 
U:eir useful applications. 
4. N3roe some tradiUoM lndt3n fOods made of wheat. riCe and Bengal 
f}Mn (or U:eu prcducts) \l,hich UWol\~ use of microbes. 
5. hl. which way ha'~ m1Crobes played a major role 1n. controllmg diseases 
caused by hMmful b.ccterta? 
6. N3roe my tw:~ spec1es of fwlgu;. which Me used 1n Ule production of 
U:e .cmUb1oUcs. 
7. 'Wh311S sew~ hl. \l,hich way com sew~e be hMrnful to us? 
8. What 1S Ul.e key difference between primM}' ~ seconrhl'y sewage 
treatment? 
9. D:l }OU think mbrobes com~ be used~ source of energy? If }ES. hoW? 
10. Microbes em be used to decrease the use of chern1cal fertilisers ~ 
~- E>cplom how thls can be accompllshed. 
11. 'Three water sam p1es rwnely ri.wa water. untreated sew~ water ~ 
secondMf eftlue:nt dischM~d from a sewage treatment pl<mt were 
subjected to BOD test. The somples were labelled A. B =I C; but the 
13boratory atlE:nd.3nt. dd not rote which was o;.o,hich, 'nle BOD ...atues 
of the thra> samplEs A. B mel C "'""' re:orda:l as 20mg/l. Bmg/L 3lld 
400mg/L. respecU,~ly. Which sMnple of Ul.e water 1S most polluted? 
~ you .oss:1gn Ul.e correct label to each ~ U:e nve:r w31e:r 1S 
retau .. wy cteMP. 
r 
SIOLOGY 
12. F1nd out ilie nMn.e of ilie miCrobes from which CyclosporUl. A (an 
immunosuppressive drug'! ~ Statins (blood cholesterollowertng 
~nls) ore ob1>1ned. 
13. Flrd out. the roli of m>=bis In the Dl1omng =I dlsows1t Wilh )OUI" ""'*""· 
(a) SU'81e oell protein (SCP) 
(b) Sotl 
14. Arr>n@ the f01low1ng ln the dec:<eos1ng order (most lr<lportont. Brst) of 
ilieu' import..3nce. for the welfMe of human sOCiety. Give reasons fOr 
your .cmswer. 
BlOg>S. C1tr1C add. Pen1dllin =I Cwd 
15. How do btofertilise:rs e:n:rieh ilie fertility of the s01l? 
Chapter 11 
Biotechnology : Principles and 
Processes 
Chapter 12 
Biotechnology and Its 
Applications 
Ever since the days of Rene Descartes , the French philo sopher, 
mathematican and biolog ist of seventeenth cen tury, all human 
knowledge especially natural sciences were directed to develop 
technolog ies which add to the creature comforts of human 
lives, as also value to human life. The whole approach to 
understanding natural phenomena became anth ropoce ntric. 
Physics and chemist ry gave rise to engineering , technologie s 
and industries which all worked for human comfort and welfare. 
The major utility of the biological world is as a source of food. 
Biotechnology, the twentieeth cent ury off-shoot of mode rn 
biology, changed our daily life as its products bro ught 
qualitative improvement in health and food p roduction. The 
basic principles underlying biotechnological processes and some 
applications are highlighted and discussed in this unit. 
_I 
H ER&ERT BOYER 
(1936) 
Herbert Boyer was born in 1936 and brought up in a corner of western 
Pennsylvania where railroads and mines were the destiny of most young 
men. He completed graduate work at the University of Pittsburgh, in 
1963, followed by three years of post-graduate studies at Yale. 
In 1966, Boyer took over assistant professorship at the University of 
California at San Francisco. By 196 9, he performed studies on a couple 
of restriction enzymes of the E. coli bacterium with especially useful 
properties. Boyer observed that these enzymes have the capability of 
cutting DNA strands in a particular fashion, which left what has became 
known as 'sticky ends' on the strands. These clipped ends made pasting 
together pieces of DNA a precise exercise. 
This discovery, in turn, led to a rich and rewarding conversation in 
Hawaii with a Stanford scientist named Stanley Cohen. Cohen had 
been studying small ringlets of DNA called plasmids and which float 
about freely in the cytoplasm of certain bacterial cells and replicate 
independently from the coding strand of DNA. Cohen had developed 
a method of removing these plasmids from the cell and then reinserting 
them in other cells. Combining this process with that of DNA splicing 
enabled Boyer and Cohen to recombine segments of DNA in desired 
configurations and insert the DNA in bacterial cells, which could then 
act as manufacturing plants for specific proteins. This breakthrough was 
the basis upon which the descipline of biotechnology was founded. 
CHAPTER 11 
BIOTECHNOLOGY 
AND PROCESSES 
• • PRINCIPLES 
Jl.2 Tod.s of RRcombiMnt .DVA 
Techndogy 
11.3 ProoessesofRecombincrrV. 
DNA Techn<>lo.gy 
Biotechnology ctea.ls V>litll. teclul.iques of using live 
OQ!~rnscretlZJifiBS fromorgruusrro topro:lucepro:l.ucts 
.md. processes useful to hurn.ms. In tll.is sense. m3king 
curet bread or wine. which .are .all microbe-mediated. 
processes. could. .also be thought as a form of 
bioteclulology. However. it is used in .a restricted sense 
tcd..ay. to refer to such of lliose processes which use 
genelicolly m::difiect orgmisms to achieVe the sarre on a 
larger scale. FUrther. many other processes/techniquesare 
also inclured Wlder biOteclulology. For exornple. in oiJTo 
fertilisation leading to a 'test-tube' baby. syntheSiSing a 
gene and using it. de\elopmga DNA vaccine or correcting 
a defective gene. are all port of biOtechnology. 
The Europe on Federation of Bioteclulology (EFB) has 
~\en a defi.ni lion of biotechnology that enoompasses both 
trodilional View and modem rrolecular biotechnology. 
The definition gtven by EFB is as follows: 
'The in tegr.ation of natur.al science .mct org.anisms. 
cells. ports thereof. and rrole cui ar onalogue s tor pro:lucts 
.mct service~. 
1 l. 1 PRl?<C!I'IhlS OJ,' axo-reCJ!NOt.<l'Xl' 
An'i:>ngllWly. the t«~:> com techniques that ~abled birth 
of rmdem biOtechnology are : 
(i) Genetic engin0et'i1\g :Thchniques to alter the 
chemistry of genetic material (DNA and RNA). 
r 
81010GY 
to intrcduce lliese into host org.anism.s .and. tll.us ch3nge tll.e 
phenotype of the host orgoni sm. 
(u) Mmntemn03 of sterile (rnicrobiru oon\Mtlination-free) ambience 
in chemical engmeenngprocesses to enable growth of only the 
desired microbe/eukoiyolic cell in !Mge qwntities for the 
mmuf.acture of bioteclul.ologic.al prcducts like .antibiOtics. 
vacCines. enzyrres. etc. 
Let us now underst ond the conceptual reveloprrent of the principles 
of genetic engmeenng. 
You probably appreCiate the advantages of sexual reprcduction over 
asexual reprcduction. The forrrer provides opp::>rtWlities fbr vonations 
.and. tbrmulatiOn of Wlique combinations of genetic setup. sorre of which 
may be beneficial to the orgonism as well as the population. Asexual 
repltXIuction preserves the genetic infOrmation. while sexual reprcduclion 
permits wnation. Traditional h)'bridisation procedures used in plant and 
animal breeding. very often lead to inclusiOn and multiplication of 
unc\>Sirable genes along With the c\>Sired!i'neS. The techniques of !!'netiC 
engineering which include creation of recombinant DNA. use of 
gene ck>ntng .and gene transfer. mercorre tll.is limitation and. .allows us 
to isolate .and. intrcdu.ce only one or .a set of resir.able genes williout 
in\J:tXIucmg undeSirable genes into the target organism 
Do you know the likely fate of a piece of DNA which is somehow 
transferred into an allen organism? Most likely. this piece of DNA would 
not be able to nrultiply itself in the progeny cells of the organism But. 
when it gets integated into the genome of the recipient. it may rrultiply 
and be inherited along With the host DNA. This is because the alien piece 
of DNA has becorre part of a chrorrosorre. which has the ability to 
replicate. In .a chronnsorre lliere is .a specific DNA sequence c.alled tll.e 
orlgin of repJ:lcatton. which is responsible tbr initialing replication. 
TherefOre. fbr the nrultiplication of any alien piece of DNA in anorgonism 
it needs to be .a part of .a chromJsorre(s) which has .a Sp3Cific sequence 
known as 'origin of replication'. Thus. an alien DNA is linked with the 
origin of replication. so that. this allen piece of DNA can replicate and 
rrultiply itself in the host orgoni sm This can a! so be called as ckmlng or 
making nrultiple irentical copies of any template DNA 
Let us now tbcus on llie first instmceof llie construction of an .artificial 
recombinant DNA molecule. The construction of the first recombinant 
DNA errerged from the possibility of linking a gene encoding antibiOtic 
reSistance V>litll. .a native );iasmtd (.autonomously rephc.ating circular 
extra-chrorrosomal DNA) of Sal.m:>nell.a,tgplV.mJr(U.m Stanley OJhen and 
Herbert Boyer accomplished this in 1972 by isolating the antibiOtic 
reSistance gene by cutting out a pieceofDNAfroma plasmid which was 
responSible for conterrtng antibiotic resistance. The cutting of DNA at 
specific locations tecarre possible witll. llie discovery of llie so-c.allect 
IIIOTECH!iOIOGY: l'tl!iCIPifS .\!10 flOCes~es 
'nDleculM sCissors•- restrtctlon enzymes. The cut piece of DNA wa.s 
then linked With the pl3smid DNA These pl3smidDNAact as vecroxs to 
trmsfer the piece of DNA attached toil. You probably know that rrosquito 
a.cts a.s a.n insect vector totr.msfer llie ~ para.site intohumm bcdy. 
hl. llie sane wa.y. a. pla.smid. c.m be used a.s vector tocteliler .m .alien piece 
of DNA into the host orgMlism. The linking of antibiOtic reSistance gene 
With the plasmid vector became posSible with the enzyrre DNA ligase. 
which a.cts on cut DNA molecules a.nd.jOins llieirend.s. This n'Wces a. new 
oombinatiOn of circul3r autonomously replicating DNA created in oitro 
.md. is known 3.S recombin.mt DNA When tll.is DNA is tr.msferred into 
Escheri.CN.a, cot(. a bactenwn closely rel3ted to SalmoneUa. it could 
replicate using the new host's DNApol:yrrerase enzyrre and m3l<e rmdtiple 
copies. The ability to rrultiply copies of antibiotic resistance gene in 
E. coli. wa.s c.alled cloning of a.ntibiotic resist..mce gene in E. coli.. 
You c.m hence infer tllat lliere are three ba.sic steps in genetic.ally 
m::difytng an organism-
(i) identification of DNA With deSirable genes; 
(u) int!tXIu eli on of the identified DNA in to the host; 
(iii) mamtenance of inl!tXIuced DNA in the host and trm sfer of the DNA 
to its progeny. 
11.2 Too!.S oF !,i~oMall\cMrr DNA T~JCI<Ho1.<>3Y 
Now we know from the foregOing discussiOn that genetic eng;neenng or 
recombinant DNA technology can be acoomplished only if we ha\e the 
key tools. i.e .• restnctionenzyrres. pol:yrrerase enzyrres.llgases. vectors 
.md. llie host org.mism Let us trytouncterst.md sorre of lliese in ctet3.il. 
11.2 .1 Restriction Enzymes 
In the year 1963. the twoenzJmes responsible for restncting the growth 
of bacteriophage in Escheri.CN.a, coU were isolated. One of these added 
rrethyl groups to DNA. while the other cut DNA The 13ter was called 
restrtctlon endonuclease. 
The first restriction enctonuclea.se-H.:nd fl. whose functioning 
depended on a. specific DNA nucleotide sequence w.as isola.ted a.nd. 
characterised five years 13ter.lt was found that Hindll always cut DNA 
rrolecules at a particul3r pOint by recognising a specific sequence of 
six ba.se pa.irs. This specific ba.se sequence is known a.s the 
recogn!Uon sequence fOr H(ndl/. Eesides Hindll. today we know rrore 
than 900 restriction enzyrres that have been isolated fromover 230 stroms 
of ba.cteria ea.chof which recognise different recoghition sequences. 
The convention fOr =ng these enzyrres is the firSt letter of the narre 
corres from the genes and the second tv.<> letters corre from the species of 
the prol<arlotic cell from which they ""re isolated. e.g .• EcoRI corres from 
Esd\eri.<N.a,coU RY 13. In EcoRI. the letter'R' is derived from the narre of 
r 
81010GY 
stra.in. Rorrwl numbers folloWing llie rl3.rreS indicate llie orrer in which 
tll.e enzyrres TA-ere isolated from. tllat stra.in of bacteria. 
RestrictiOn enz:yrres belong to a larger class of enz:yrres called 
nucleases. These are of two kinds: ex'Onucleases and endonucieases. 
E::-::onucleases renDVe nucleotires from. llie ends of tll.e DNA whereas. 
enctonucleases rrWte cuts at sp3cific poSitions witll.in llie DNA 
Each restrictiOn endonuclease functions b:y'inspecting the length of 
a DNA sequence. Once it finds its specific recognition sequence. it 
will bind to the DNA ond cut each of the two strmds of the double 
helix at specific points in their sugar -phosphate backbones 
(Figure 11.1). Each restriction endonuclease recognises a specific 
palindromic nucleotide sequences in the DNA. 
~ ~ cu:&. 'bGth tnU. l!:c»RR WC.. U. ~I I 'r:-
-«<lbo-- (I ..... Aod'f_fho_ 
<JA.\nC !.0 ~II> llloe DNA 
-DNA ,..._DH& i 
3110l1.Yald 
DMU J '•jolll«<.....,.-., 
I 
Fis,-ure 11.1 Steps Ul. formatiOn of recombin3nt DNA by action of restriCtion endonucle~ 
E:nZfme - EcoRI 
Do you know what palindromes are? These are groups of letters 
that rorm the sarre v.ords when read both forward and backward. 
e.g., "MALAYALAM'. As against a word.palindrorne where the same 
word is read in both directions. tll.e palindrome in DNA is a sequence 
of base pairs tll.at reads same on the two strands when orientation of 
IIIOTECH!IOIOGY: l'tl!iCIPifS .\!10 flOCes~es 
re3ding is kept tll.e same. For ex.ample. the follO'I'»ing sequences re.ad.s 
tll.e s.ame on tll.e tv.o str.ancts in 5' -7 3' direction. This is .also true if 
read in the 3' ~ 5' directiOn. 
5' - GAATIC- 3' 
3'- CTTAAG- 5' 
Restrtctionenzyrres cut the strondofDNAalitlleawayfromthe centre 
of llie p.alind.rorre sites. but betv.-een llie sane two b.ases on llie opposite 
strands. This leaves single stranded portions at the ends. There are 
merhang;ng stretches collect sticky ends on each strand (Figure 11.1). 
These .are n.arred. so bec.ause they form hydrogen bonds Willi tll.eir 
oomplerrentary cut counterports. This stickiness of the ends facilitates 
the action of the enzyme DNA ligase. 
Restriction end.onucle.ases .are used in genetic engineering to fbrm 
'recombinant' molecules of DNA, which are romposed of DNA from 
difrerent sources/g.norres. 
When cut by the sorre restriction enzyrre, the resultant DNAfragrrents 
have the sorre kind of 'sticky .ends' and, these can be jOined together 
(end·lo·end) using DNA !;gases (Figure II. 2). 
• .;. f', 
~- J 
Fis,"l..ae 11.2 Diagr<m~J"naUc represe:nt.aUon of recom.b1rw-at. DNA teclm:llog}o 
r 
81010GY 
You may have realised. tll.at normally. unless one cuts llie vector md. 
llie SOW"'ce DNAwitll. tll.e s.arre restriction enz}'Yre.llie recom.bin.ant vector 
rmlecule c~ be created. 
Sepan ~n and lsola'Uon of DNA. fragments : The cutting of DNA. by 
restriction end.onucle.a.ses results in the fr.agmentes of DNA. These 
fr~ts con be separ ~ted by a technique known as gel electrophoresis. 
Since DNA. fr~nts ore negatively charged rrolecules they con be 
separated by forCing them to !llO\e towards the ancde under on electnc 
field through a medium/matrix. Nowadays the most conmon!y used 
matrix is .ag.arose which is .a n.atur.al polyrrer e:.ctr.acted from sea weeds. 
The DNA. fragments separate (resolve) according to their size through 
sieVing effect provided by the agarose gel. Hence. the smaller the fragment 
size. the farther it !llO\es. Look at the F~Bw• J J. 3 and. 9uess at u:N.ch 
end. of the 9et the som)Xe wa.s loaded. 
Fia>••:e 11.3 A typt>ol "@rose @'! 
electrophoreSis shoWing 
m>gration of ~.,d 
(l>ile 1) ond dlgested set of 
DNA &.grnonts 0""" 2 to 4) 
ll.2.2 ClotUng Vector!. 
The separated DNA. f~nts can be 
~sualisedooly alter staining the DNA. 
With a oompound known asethidium 
bromide fOllowed by «<posure to UV 
radiation (you cannot see pure DNA. 
fr~n ts in the Visible light and 
Without stoming). You can see bright 
orang. coloured bands of DNA. in a 
ethid.ium bromide st.ained. gel 
e'.posed to UVlight ~re II. 3). The 
separated bands of DNA. are cut out 
from the agarose gel and extracted 
from the gel piece. This step is known 
.as elu lion. The DNA fragments 
purified. in this w.ay .are used. in 
constructing recombinant DNA. by 
jOining them with cloning •ectors. 
You know that plasmicls and bacleriOpha!i'S have the ability to replicate 
witll.in bacterial cells independent of llie control of chromJsomal DNA. 
BacteriOphages because of their high number per cell. have •ery high 
copy numbers of their genome within the bactenal cells. Some plasmids 
may have only one or two copies per cell whereas otll.ers may have 
15-100 copies per cell. Their numbers c.angoelen higher. It lo'.:e .are .able 
to link on alien piece of DNA. With bacteriophage or plasmid DNA. we con 
multiply its numbers equal to the copy number of the plasmid or 
bacteriophage. Vectors used at present. ore engineered in such way that 
they help easy linking a !foreign DNA. and selection of recombinon ts from 
non-re combi nmts. 
IIIOTECII!iOIOGY: l'tl!iCIPifS .\110 flOC~~es 
The follOWing ore the features that ore required to faCilitate cloning 
into .a \ector. 
(i) Origin <if replication (ori) :This is a sequence !rem where 
replication storts ond aJW piece of DNA when linl<ed to this sequence 
can be made to replicate V>litll.in llie host cells. This sequence is .also 
responsible ror oonlrolling the copy number of the linked DNA. So. 
if one wmts to recover many copies of llie t..arget DNA it should. be 
cloned in a vector whose ongm support high copy number. 
(u) Selectable marker : In addition to 'ori'. the vector requires a 
selectable marl<er. which helps in identi!J-Ingandeliminaling non. 
transformants and selectively permitting the growth of the 
transfOffi'Wlts. Transformation is .a procedure Uuough which .a 
piece ofDNAis introduced in a host bactenum ll'Ju Will study the 
process in subsequent section). Normall?. the genes encoding 
reSistmce to .mtibiotics such .as .ampicillin. chlor.amphenicol. 
tetracycline or k..m3.mycin. etc .. are considered. useful select.able 
markers for E. coli. The normal E. coli. cells do not c.artyreSistmce 
against any of these antibiotics. 
e.! I 
(iii) Clonin9 sites: In order to link the 
alien DNA. the vector needs to have 
very few. preferably single. 
recognition sites fbr llie COIIIIIU&lf 
used. restriction enzyrres. Fresence of 
m:re tl'wl one recognition Sites Witll.in 
the vector will generate sever.al 
fra~ts. which will complicate the 
gene cloning (Figure 11.4). The 
ligation of alien DNA is earned out at 
.a restriction Site present in one of llie 
two anUbtottc reslstance genes. For 
exornple. you can ligate a rore;gn DNA 
at the Born H I Site of tetracycline 
resistance gene in the vector pBR322. 
The recom.binmt pl3.smids will lose 
tetracycline reSisl3nce due to insertion 
of rore;gn DNA but can still be selected 
out from. non-recom.bin3.nt ones by 
plating the transfcrmants en ornp;cillin 
Fis,"1..t!e II .4 E. cdc clCJl"ling \~tor pBR322 
showing restriction sites 
[}lend D~ Ec<R ~ Bonii I. &I~ 
Pvu II. Pst L Ct« 0. ort ~ 
.cmtib10ttc restst.cmce genes 
(amp• and tet•). Rop cedes fOr 
ilie proteinS tnvol\Oed in ilie 
replic.UOn of the plosrn!d. 
containing medium. The transrormants grow;ng on ampicillin 
contail'ling medium .are Olen tr.msferred on .a medium containing 
tetracycline. The reoombinants Will grow in ampicillin containing 
medium b11\ no\ on tha\ containing tetracycllne. 6ut. non· 
recom.bin.mts will grow on the rredium containing botll. tll.e 
mtibiOtics. hl. tll.is case. one .mtibiOtic resistmce gene helps in 
selecting llie trans1brnwlts. whereas llie otller antibiOtic resistmce 
r 
81010GY 
gene gets 'inactivated due to insertion' of olien DNA. ond helps in 
selection of recornbir'Wlts. 
Selection of reoombironts due to inactiVatiOn of mtibiOtics is a 
cumbersorre procedure tecause it requires simull3neous plating 
on two plates haVing different mlibiOtics. Therefore. olternative 
selectable markers have been developed which differentiate 
recombinants from. non-recombinmts on llie baSis of their ability 
to prcduce colour in tll.e presence of a chromogenic substrate. In 
this. a recombinant DNAisinserted V>lithin llie ceding sequence of 
an enzyrre. a-g3lactosid.ase. This results into inactivation of tll.e 
enzyrre. which is referred to as tnsertlonal inactlvatlon. The 
presence of a c~nic substrate giles blue coloured colonies if 
the plasmid in U1e bacterta ctces not have .m insert. Fresence of 
insert results into insertimal inactivation of llie a-galactoSidase and 
the colonies do not produce .my colour. tll.ese are identified as 
recom.bin.mt colonies. 
(iv) Vectqrsf()r cl()nin9 genes in plants and animals :You maybe 
swpnsed to know that'"' have leomt the lessonoftrmsfemnggenes 
into plants ondOJ1inlals from bacteria onct wuses which have known 
this fbr ages- how to deliver g.nes to tronsfbrmeuk3Ilollc cells and 
force lliem. to do what tll.e bacteria or wuses want. For example. 
Agr()bader(()um OJ.mifo.d.ens. a pathogen of several dicot plants is 
able to deliver a piece of DNA known as 'f -DNA'totrmstonn normal 
plant cells into a tumor and direct lliese tUfi'Df cells toprcduce llie 
chemicols required b:y tre pa\ho!l'n Sirri!Mly. retroviruses in oninlals 
hale llie ability to tr.msform normal cells into cancerous cells. A 
better Wlderstmding of the ort of delivenng genes b:y pathogens in 
their eulwyolic hosts has generated knowleclge to trmstormthese 
tools of pathogens into useful 1ectors fbrdeli1ertnggenes of interest 
to humans. The tumor inducing (Ti) plasmid of Agrobadenum 
t~aD/!nshas nowbeenm:difiedinto a cloning lector which is no 
mere pathogenic to the plants but is still able to use the rrechanisms 
to deliver genes of our interest into a vanety of plants. Similarly. 
retrowuses hale also teen disarm:d and are now used to deliver 
deSirable g.nes into oninla1 cells. So. once a gene or a DNA fragrrent 
has been ligated into a sUitable lector it istr.msferred. into a bacterial. 
plant or mimol host (where itrrulliplles). 
I 1.2 .3 Compet.mt. Host (For Transformation with 
Recombirumt DNA) 
Since DNA is a hydrophilic molecule. it cannot pass through cell 
rrembrmes. Wl1fj? In orcter to force bacteria to take up the plasmid. the 
bacterial cells must first be made 'com.p3tent> to l3ke up DNA This is 
done by treating lliem V>lith a speCific concentration of a divalent cation. 
such as calCium. which increases llie efficiency V>lith which DNA enters 
S!OHCHNOl OGY: PRINCIPlES AND PROCESSES 
th e bacterium through pore s in its cell wall. Recombinant DNA can then 
b e forced into such cells by incubating the cells with recombinant DNA 
on ice, followed by placing them briefl y at 42°C (heat shock), and then 
putting them back on ice. This enabl es the bacteria to take up the 
recombinan t DNA. 
This is not the only way t o introdu ce alien DNA into h ost cells. In a 
m ethod known as micro-injection, recombinant DNA is directly inj ected 
into the nucleus of an animal cell. In another meth od, suita ble for plants, 
cells are bombarded with high velocity micro-particles of gold or tungsten 
coated with DNA in a method known as biolistics or gene gun. And the 
last meth od uses 'dis armed pa thogen ' vectors , which when allow ed to 
infect the cell, tran sfer the recombinan t DNA into the host . 
Now that we have learnt about the tools for constructin g recombin a nt 
DNA, let u s discuss the proce sses facilitating recom binant DNA techn ology. 
11.3 PRocE-ssES o F il.ECOMBIN"ANT D NA TEc HNoLoGY 
Recombinant DNA technolo gy involve s several steps in specific 
sequence such as isolation of DNA, fragmentati on of DNA by 
r estriction endonucleases, isolation of a d esired DNA fragm ent, 
ligation of the DNA fragment into a vector, transferrin g t he 
r ecombinan t DNA into the h ost, culturing the h ost cells in a 
m edium at large s cale and extraction of the desir ed product. 
Let us examine each of these steps in s ome details. 
11.3.1 Isolation of the Ge netic Material {DNA) 
Recall that nucleic acid is the genetic material of all organisms 
wit hout e xcepti on . In majority of organi s ms thi s is 
deoxyrib onu cleic acid or DNA. In order to cut the DNA with 
r estriction enzymes , it needs to be in pure form, free from other 
macro-m olecules. S ince the DNA is enclos ed within the 
m embran es, we have to break the cell open to release DNA along 
wit h othe r macr omolecul es su ch as RNA, prot eins, 
polysaccharides and also lipids . This can be achi eved by treating 
the bacterial cells/pl ant or animal tissu e with enzymes such as 
lysozyme (bacteria) , cellulase (plant cells), chitinase (fungus). 
Figure 11.5 DNA that 
separ ates out can be 
rem oved by spooling 
You kno w that genes are located on long molecules of DNA 
interwin ed with proteins such as hist ones. The RNA can b e remo ved by 
tr eatmen t with ribonuclea se where as protein s can b e remo ved by 
treatment with protea s e. Other molecul es can be removed by appropriate 
treatments and purifi ed DNA ultimatel y precipitat es out after the addi tion 
of chilled ethanol. This can be seen as c ollection of fine threads in the 
s u spensi on (Figure 11.5). 
81010GY 
ll.a.2 Cutting of DNA at Specific Locations 
Restriction enzyrre digestions ore petionnect by incubating pun6ed DNA 
rmlecules With the restriction enzyrre. at the optim3l conditions fbr that 
specific enzyrre. Agorose gel electrophoresis is employed to check the 
prcgressiOnof a restrtctionenzyrre cligostion. DNA is a negatively charged 
molecule. hence it moves towa.rd.s the positive electrode (a.nod.e) 
(Figure 11.3). The process is repeated with the vector DNA also. 
The jOining of DNA in\01\es se\er.al processes. After haVing cut llie 
source DNA a.s wella.s t.he vector DNA Willi a. specific restriction enzyrre. 
tll.e cutout •gene of interest> from. tll.e source DNA a.nct tll.e cut vector willi 
spa.ce .are mixed .and. liga.se is a.ctrect. This results in the prepa.ra.tion of 
reoombinant DNA 
ll.a.3 Amplification of C..ne ofluterest using PCR 
PCR stands ror Po),ymerase Chain React*>n. In this reaction, rmd\iple 
copies of tll.e gene (or DNA) of interest is syntllesised. (n oil.ro using tv.o 
RliCiaa tD .... CMI*' ' S 
------ ..... 
• •• •• 
"e= 2 " 
... r-r~3' 
~ : :;:;: : : : :::: :- ' -. 
.I ,,, 1 
i-1--
Fis.-w:e 11.6 Polymer~e chml. reaction (PCR.l : Each cycle~ Uvee steps: (i) Denaturation: 
(U) Pnrner """">llne =I (U1) E><tons10n of pruners 
IIIOTECH!IOIOGY: l'tl!iCIPifS .A!IO PiOCes~es 
sets of pl"'irrers (small chemically synthesised o!igooucleo\ides \he\ ore 
oomplementory to the regiOns of DNA) ond the enxyrre DNA polyrrer•se. 
The enzyrre extends the pruners uSing the nucleotires provided in the 
re•ction ond the genomic DNA •s template. It the process of replic•tion 
of DNA is repeated many times. the segrrent of DNA can be •mplified 
to •ppro><irnately billion \irres, i.e .• I billiOn copies ore made. Such 
repe•ted arnplific•tion is •chieved by the use of • thermostable DNA 
p::>lyrrer•se (isol•ted from • b•ctenum. Thermus aquati.CUS), which 
remain •ctive during the high temper•ture induced denaturation of 
cbuble stranded DNA The amplified fr~t ii deSired can now be 
used to ligate with • vector fbr further cloomg (Figure II. 6). 
11. 3.4 Insertion of Recombinant DNA into the Host 
Cell/Org3Itism 
There ore several rre\hcds of introduCing the ligated DNA into recipient 
cells. ReCipient cells .after m3king lliem •competent> to receive. t3ke up 
DNA present in its surrounding. So. ii •recombinant DNA beartnggene 
fbr resistance to .m .antibiotic (e.g .. .ampicillin) is tr.ansferred. into E. cdi. 
cells.llie host cells becorre tr.msformed into .ampicillin-resist.mt cells. If 
""'spread the transfbrrred cells oo agar pl•tes contoming ampiCillin, cnly 
tr.m s1brmmts will grow. Wl.tr.ms1brmed recipient cells lo\lill die. Since. due 
to .ampicillin reSistmce gene,one is .able to select .a tr.msfut 11al cell in llie 
presen~Eof ampieillin.1he a~cillin ~esistancegenein tllis case is called 
.a selectable marker. 
11.3.5 Obtaining the Foreign Gene Product 
When }Ou insert .a piece ot 3lien DNA into ..a clCII'ling \ector .md. tr.msfer it 
into • b•cterial. plant or animal cell. the alien DNA gets multiplied. In 
almost all recomnant technologies. the ultimate o;m is to produce • 
resir.able protein. Hence. lliere is .a need. tor llie recombin.ant DNA to be 
expressed The fOreign gene gets expressed under appropriate ccndi\ions. 
The e:<presSiooof foreign !l'nes in host cells inroh.e unrerstandingmany 
technical details. 
After h•Ving clooed the gene of interest •nd haloing optimised the 
oondi\ions to induce the expressiOn of the target protein. one h•s to 
oonSirer producing it oo • large scale. Con g<>u tNnl< of ang reason 
u:lvJ there (S o.need.Jor !ar9e-so:rle production? It any protein ena:ding 
gene is e:...:pressed. in .a heterologous host. is c.alled. .a recombinant 
protein. The cells harbouring cloned !l'nes of interest may be grown 
oo • small scale in the laboratory. The cultures may be used for 
e:<tractmg the deSired protein and then purifying it by uSing dif!erent 
separ•tion techniques. 
The cells can also be n-...1\ipliect in • oon\inuous culture system wherein 
llie used. medium is d.r.ained out from. one side while fresh rred.iurn. is 
added from the other to mom\ain the cells in their physiolo~cally most 
r 
Add/Base­
forpH 
control 
BIOlOGY 
active log/ expo nenti al phase. This type of culturin g meth od produ ces a 
larger biom ass leadin g to high er yields of desired protein. 
Small volume cultures cann ot yield appreciabl e quantiti es of produ cts. 
To pro duce in large quan titi es, the development of bioreactors, wh ere 
large volum es (100-1 000 litres ) of cultur e can be proces sed, was requir ed. 
Thus, bior eactors can b e thou ght of as vessel s in which raw material s are 
biologically convert ed into specific produ cts, individual enzym es, etc., 
u sing micr obial plan t, animal or h uman cell s. A bioreactor p rovide s the 
optim al conditi ons for achi eving the desired prod uct by p rovi din g 
optim um growth cond itio ns (temperatu re, pH, substra te, salts, vitamin s, 
oxyge n). 
The most commonly used bio react ers are of stirr ing typ e, which are 
shown in Figure 11. 7. 
~Jom!!R..-Foam 
Increased 
surface 
area for 
oxygen 
transfer 
brak.er 
II.IIII!D--1--Flat bladed 
impeller 
-..~H-Culture 
broth 
(a) 
kA 
Bubbles\ 
dramatically 
increase the 
oxygen 
transfer area 
(b) 
Figure 11.7 (a) Simple stirr ed-tank biorea ctor ; (b) Sparged stirr ed-tank bioreact or through which 
steril e air bubb les are sparged 
A stirr ed-tank reacto r is u s u ally cylindrical or with a c urve d base to 
facilita te the mixing of the reacto r contents. The stirrer facilit ates even 
mixin g and oxygen avail abili ty through ou t the bior eactor. Alternati vely 
air can be bubbled through the reactor. If you look a t the figure closely 
you will see that the biore actor h as an agitato r system, an oxygen delivery 
syste m and a foam control syste m, a temp eratur e c ontr ol system , pH 
con trol system and sampling ports so that small volu mes of the cultur e 
can be with drawn p eriod icall y. 
1 1. 3 . 6 Downstre am Proc essing 
After compl etion of the biosynth etic stage, the produ ct has to be subje cted 
through a series of processes befor e it is ready for marketin g as a finish ed 
Bt01ECi"'N:OLOGY . i'Rt-:C PlfS .U.NLl PROCE$SEi 
pro:luct . The processe s include separation and purification. which are 
rollectively referred to a s downstream proces sing. The prcdtct has to be 
formulated with suitable presena tires. Such formulation has to undergo 
thorough clini cal trials as in case of drugs. Strtctqual ity control testing 
for each prcdtct is also required The down streamprocessingandqualit y 
control testing vary from prcdt ct to pro:luct. 
SUMMARY 
BiOtechnologj> deals WiUl 1M&" scole production and !M!l<eting of 
p roducts and processes USing li..e orgarusms. ceUs or enzymes. 
Modern biOtechnolo!& us;ng geneuc31ly modified orgarusm s was 
made posSible only wt.en m= leomt to alter !he cherrus1ry of DNA 
and construc t reco mbinant D NA This key process is c.alled 
recombin3nt DNA tecl:molo!& or ~ ~ring. 1b;s process 
invol9es the use of restric tiOn endonucleases . DNA lig3Se. 
appropriale plasmid or Viral vector s to iSOI.ale md ferry U1e !i:u:eign 
DNA into hast org3niSms. &presSiOn of U1e foreign g.ne. purifiCation 
of !he e;ne produol i.e .• U1e functiOnal protein md fin31ly making a 
SUitable tbnnulat.ioo for !M!l<eting . Lore; scale produotlo n imOlves 
use of bbre~rs. 
1. can you liSt 10 recombinant proteinS which are used in mediCal 
practice? Find out where U1ey are used as lherapeutics (useUleintemet). 
2 . Make a ch3r t (VAUl diogrammatic representat.ion) shDwing a restriction 
et"l:Z}'fl"le. the substrate DNA on which it a:ts. tre Site at which it cuts 
DNA ard !he produo t it produces. 
3. From what you have leoml can you tell wret.he< emymes are bigger or 
DNA iS bigolor in molecular SlZ1!!? H:l w did you kmvl? 
4. What would be U1e mow concentratiOn of human DNA in a human 
cell? Consul t your teacher. 
S. Do eukaryotie ceUs hal>e restriction endorn•de•ses? Justity your answer. 
6. BeSides better rera1ion and moong proper ties. v.bat olher advantages 
do stirred tank biorea:lors hal>e over sbal<e flasks? 
7. OJile:I.Se=npesofp31i!drom;oDNA~byoonsulllngyour te•cher. 
Better try to crea1e a palindromiC sequence by tbllowing~pa;r rues. 
8 . can you rec311 meiOSiS and in:lc31e at what ~ a recombinan t DNA 
iS m3.de'? 
9 . can you U1ink :lnfl answer how a reporter enzyme can be used to monitor 
transtbrrn alion of h:>st ceUs by tbre;gn DNA in additiOn to a select.a.ble 
mMker ? 
\f;~~\ 
·,:f?~.~~~·.:~· 
;;i:~:.! ... ... ., .. 
~10 
10. Descnbe br1efiy the f011owu'8': 
(a) Or'S"' of replication 
(b) B1oreoctors 
(c) DownstreMn prooess:1ng 
11. E>cpl.m bnefly 
(a) PCR 
(b) Restnc11on on2j'r<IOS =I DNA 
(c) Chilln>se 
81010GY 
12. DiScUss With your te.zcher .mel ftn::l out. h:lw to disUnguish between 
(a) Pl>srn!d DNA =I Cluornosornal DNA 
(b) RNA ond DNA 
(c) Exonucmse ~ Eniormde?se 
CHAPTER 12 
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND ITS 
APPLICATIONS 
121 Btoteclvi.Ologc«l 
Appltc«tions tn. 
Jl.sri.cvJb.t.re 
122 Btoteclv\ologtc«l 
Appltc«tton.s tn. 
Medi.ctn.e 
123 Trc:~nsgen.tc Anim.:::d.s 
124 Et.htcoJ.lssv.es 
Biotechnology. •s :you would have Ie•mt from the 
preViOus chapter. essel'lti31IJI deals with il'ldustMl s~le 
productiOn of biOph=ceuticals ondbiOlogicals using 
genetically mcdified microbes. fungi. plonts md •nimals. 
The •pplic•tions of biotechnology include ther•peutics. 
di3,gnostics. genetically m::dified crops for •§iculture. 
processed b:d. bioremedio.tion. waste tre•tment. •nd 
energy productiOn. Three crttica.l resea.rch .area.s of 
biotechnology •re: 
(i) ~ding the best c•talyst in the fOrm of improved 
org3.l'l.ism. usmlly .a microte or pure enzyrre. 
(il) Cre•tingoptimal conditions thrcugh eng;neenngfbr 
• c•t.alyst to •ct. •nd 
(iii) Downstream processing technologies to puri!Jithe 
protein/oQ!•nic compound. 
Let us now lea.m how human beings have used. 
biotechnology to improve the quality of human life. 
espeCially in the field of food production •nd health. 
1 ~'!.. 1 BloTP.CHNOl . .()trH:.'\r .. A.?J>S,I<~A"11'<>l'4'5 tl.'l 
AGR1C:t:r..1~!ru3 
Let us take •look •t the three options thet con be thought 
fbr incre•smg b:d production 
(i) >gro-chemical b•sed •§iculture; 
IIIOlOGV 
(il) OQ!3niC 3griCUlture; 3nd 
(iii) geneticallyeng;neerect crop-bo.sed 3griculture. 
The Green Revolution succeeded in tripling the food supply but Ji8l 
it w..s not enough to feed the growing h..umn populo. lion. In =sed J-!elds 
M\e p3rtlybeen due to the use of improved crop varieties. but rminly 
due to tll.e use of better nwlagement practices .and. use of .agrochemic.al s 
(fertilisers 3nd pestieires). HD",ver. fbr !Mmers in the developing world. 
3f!!Cchemic.als .are often too expensive . .and further increases in yield 'Nitll. 
eXisting varieties .are not p:~ssible using cornention.al breeding. Is tll.ere 
my alter=.tive p3th th3t our underst3nding of geneli cs em show so thet 
forrrers rmy obtom maxirrum:yield from their fields? Is there 3 my to 
minimise tll.e use of fertilisers .and chemicals sotll.at tll.eirharmful etrects 
on tll.e enVirOrU'rent .are reduced? Use of genetically m:dified crops is .a 
posSible solution. 
Plmts. bo.cteru.. fungi3ndmirnols whose genes h3ve beenalteredby 
rmnipulo.tion 3re C3lled GeneUcalzy Modl11ed Organisms (G!\10). GM 
plants ha\e teen useful in many ways. ~netic m:dification has: 
(i) ffi3de crops mer» tolermt to 3bi0lic stresses (cold. drought. salt. 
he3t). 
(u) reduced reli3nce on chemical pesticides (pest-reSisl3nt crops). 
(iii) helf"d to reduce post h3rvest losses. 
(i\j incre3sed effiCiency of mine"' I uS3ge byplo.nts (this pre•ents eMIJ' 
exho.uslion of fertility of sOil). 
(v) enh3nced nutrit ion3l volue of food. e.g .• Vil3min 'A' enriched rice. 
In .addition to tll.ese uses. GM has teen used to create tailor-made 
plo.ntsto supply alter=tiveresources to industries. in the fbrmof s!Mches. 
fuels md pharmaceuticals. 
Sorre of the 3ppliC3tions of biOtechnology in 3grtculture thet you will 
study in del3.il Me the production of pest resisl3nt plmts. which could 
decrease tll.e .anDU.nt of pestiCide used. Bt to.Xin is prcduced by .a 
b3cterium called lladllu.s tlwringo.ens(S (Bt fbr short). Bt to.'!in gene h3s 
been cloned from the b3clert3 3nd been expressed in plmts to provide 
reSistance to insects witll.out tll.e need fbr insecticides~ in effect created .a 
biD-pesticide. E«3mples Me Bt cotton. Bt com. rice. term to. pot3to md 
soy.abe.anetc. 
Bt Cotton: Sorre slr3ins of Bacalu.s trv.n-(ngi.ens(S prcduce proteins th3t 
kill cern in insects such 3S lepidcpte.,ns (tobo.cco budworm. ~­
coleopterms (beetles) 3nddipterms (Oies. mosquitoes). B. tlwringo.ens<s 
forms protein crysl3ls during 3 pMliculo.r ph3se of their growth. These 
crystals conlo.in 3 to.'<ic lnsecUcldal protein. Why cbes this to.'<in not kill 
the BaCillus? Actually. the Bt la'lin proteinei!ist 3S in3ctive prot<llMs but 
once m insect mgest the inactive to.Xin. it is con\erted into .an .active fOrm 
of toXin due to the 3lkoline pH of the gut which solubilise the crysl3ls. 
The 3ctiv3ted to.'<in binds to the surn.ce of midgut epithelial cells md 
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND ITS A!'t'UCATION:S 
create pores that cause cell swelling and lysis and eventually cause death 
of the insect. 
Specific Bt toxin genes were isolated from Bacillus thuringiensis and 
incorporated into the several crop plants such as cotton (Figure 12.1). 
The choice of genes depends upon the crop and the targeted pest, as 
most Bt toxins are insect-group specific. The toxin is coded by a gene 
named cry. There are a number of them, for example, the proteins encoded 
by the genes cryiAc and cryiiAb control the cotton bollworms, that of 
cryiAb controls corn borer. 
Figure 12.1 Cotton boll: (a) destroyed by bollworms; (b) a fully mature 
cotton boll 
Pest Resistant Plants: Several nematodes parasitise a wide variety of 
plants and animals includin g human beings. A nematode Meloid egyne 
incognitia infects the roots of tobacco plants and causes a great reduction 
in yield. A novel strategy was adopted to prevent this infestation which 
was based on the proc ess of RNA interference (RNAi). RNAi takes plac e 
in all eukaryotic organisms as a method of cellular defense. This method 
involves silencing of a specific mRNA due to a complementary dsRNA 
molecule that binds to and prevents translation of the mRNA (silencing). 
The source of this complementary RNA could be from an infection by 
viruses having RNA genomes or mobile genetic elements (transposons) 
that replicate via an RNA intermediate. 
Using Agrobact erium vectors, n ematod e-spec ific genes wer e 
introduced into the host plant (Figure 12.2). The introduction of DNA 
was such that it produced both sense and anti-sense RNA in the host 
cells. These two RNA's being complementary to each other form ed a doubl e 
strand ed (dsRNA) thatinitiat ed RNAi and thus, silenced the specific mRNA 
\'/ 
_;) BIOlOGY 
of the nematode. The consequence was that the parasite could not survive 
in a transgenic host expressing specific interfering RNA The transgenic 
plant therefore got itself protected from the parasite (Figure 12.2). 
Figure 12.2 Host plant-generated dsRNA triggers protection against nematode infestation: 
(a) Roots of a typical control plants; (b) transgenic plant roots 5 days after deliberate 
infection of nematode but protected through novel mechanism. 
12.2 BmTE-CHNOLOCHCAL .P.r~.PPLl:CATIONS m 1\llEmclN r~ 
The recombinant DNA technological processes have made immense impact 
in the area ofhealthcare by enabling mass production of safe and more 
effective therapeutic drugs. Further, the recombinant therapeutics do not 
induce unwanted immunological responses as is common in case of 
similar products isolated from non-human sources. At present, about 
30 recombinant therapeutics have been approved for human-use the 
world over. In India , 12 of these are presently being marketed. 
12.2.1 Genetically Engineered Insulin 
Management of adult-onset diabetes is possible by taking insulin at 
regular time intervals. What would a diabetic patient do if enough 
hwnan-insulin was not available? If you discuss this, you would soon 
realise that one would have to isolate and use insulin from other animals. 
Would the insulin isolated from other animals be just as effective as 
that secreted by the hwnan body itself and would it not elicit an immune 
response in the hwnan body? Now, imagine if bacterium were available 
that could make human insulin. Suddenly the whole process becomes 
so simple. You can easily grow a large quantity of the bacteria and make 
as much insulin as you need. 
Think about whether insulin can be orally administered to diabetic 
people or not Why? 
6iOI~H!iOIOG'f A!!('l n~ ArPir.:'AIIO!i~ 
Insulin used ford.i3.betes was earlier e:.ctracted from. 
pancreas of slaughtered cattle and pigs. Insulin from 
M Mirnal source. though caused sorte patients to 
revelop .nergyor other tJIP'S of reactions to the fOreign 
protein. Insulin consists of two short polypeptide 
chains: chain A and chain B. that are linked together 
by eli sulphide bridges (Figure 12.3). In m=ls. 
including humms. insulin is synlliesised .as .a pro-
• horrrone nike .a pro-enzyrre. llie pro-horrrone .also ~ ........ ..:;.-::.!C~l~""'!':·~ .. :... ........ .; needs to be processed be1bre it becorres .a fully mature ..., · -
.and ftmction.allu IIU&e) which cont.ainsan e:.ctr.a stretch Fig,'1.U:e 
called the C peptide. This C peptide is not present in 
llie mature insulin .and is remo\ed dunng matu[".ation 
into insulin. The mom challeng. tor pro:luction of insulin 
12.3MaturaUon of 
pr~UlsUlin mto Ulsulin 
~ removal of C­
pepUde (to be sanpllf1Edl 
uSing !DNA techniques was getting insulin assembled into a mature fOrm 
In 1983. Ell lAlly an Arrerican company prepared tv.<> DNA sequences 
corresponding to A and B. chains of human insulin and intrcduced them 
in pl.asmid.s of E. coli. to prcduce insulin ch.ains. Ch.ains A .and B lo'.:ere 
prcduced separately. extracted and combined by creating disulfide l:onds 
to fbrm hut'I'Wl insulin. 
12.2.2 C..ne1'herapy 
If .a person is born '-'>Iilli .a heredit..ary disease. can .a corrective tll.er.apy 
be l3ken fbr such .a d.ise.ase? Gene ther.apy is m .attempt to do tll.is. 
Gene ther.apy is .a collection of rrellicds tllat ..allows correction of .a 
gene defect that has been diagnosed in a child/embrj<>. Here genes 
.are inserted into .a person•s cells .and tissues to tre.at .a d.ise.ase. 
Q:aection of .a genetic defect invohes deli\ery of .a norm.al gene into 
llie ind.iVid.u.al or embryo to t.alce over tll.e fWl.ction of .and com.pens.ate 
ror the non-functiOnal gene. 
The first clinical gene therapy was given in 1990 to a 4-:year old girl 
'-'>lith .arenosine de.aminase (ADA) deficiency. This enzyme is cruci.al for 
the imrrD.ule system to functiOn. The disorder is caused due to the relelion 
of llie gene for .adenoSine cte.amn.ase. In sorre children ADA deficiency 
can be cured by tone marrow transplantation: in others it can be treated 
by enzyrre replacerrent therapy. in which functional ADA is given tot he 
patient by injection. But the problem With both of these approaches that 
they are not oompletely curative. As a first step towards gene therapy. 
lymphocytes from the blo:d of the patient are grown in a culture outside 
the bcxly. A functional ADA eDNA (uSing a retroviral \ector) is then 
intrcduced into these lymphocytes. which are subsequently returned to 
the patient. H011ever. as these cells are not illl!lDrtal. the patient reqUires 
pericdi c infuSion of such geneti callyengin.eered lymphocytes. Hov.,\er. ii 
llie gene isol.ate from.m.arrow cells pro:tucingADA is intro:luced. into cells 
.at e.arly embryonic stages. it could be .a pem'Wlent cure. 
r 
IIIOlOGV 
l2.2.3 MoleculaJ• Diag1\osis 
You know that for effective treatment of a disease. earlydia~oSis ond 
unrerstmding its pathophySiOlogy is \ery inlp:lrlmt. Using comentional 
rrethc:ds of ~sis (serwn and urine onolysis. etc.) early retection is 
not posSible. Recornbinmt DNA technology. Polyrrerase Ch>m Reaction 
(PCR) ond Enzyme Linked lrnrruno-sorbent Assay (EUSA) ore sorre of 
the techniques that se:rve the purpose of earlydia~oSis. 
Presence of a pathogen (bacterta. >~ruses. etc.) is normally suspected 
only when the pathogen has produced a disease symptom By this time 
the concentration of pathogen is olreacty \eryh;gh in the body. However. 
very low concentration of a bacteria or >~rus (at a time when the symptoms 
of the disease ore not J-'el ViSible) con be detected by amplificationoftheir 
nucleic acid by PCR. Con gou explain how PCR 001\ d«ed oerg !ow 
amrunes ifDNA?PCR is now routinely used to retect HIV in suspected 
AIDS patients. It is being used to detect nrutations in !l'nes in suspected 
concer patients too. It is a pD'A,rful techqnique to identify many other 
genetic disorders. 
A single strmded DNA or RNA. tagged With a radioacti\e rrolecule 
(probe) is allov."d to h)bridise to its complementary DNA in a clone of 
cells fbllov."d by detection using autoradiography. The clone haVing the 
nrutated gene will hence not appear on the photographic film. because 
the probe Will not have complirrentxity With the mutated gene. 
EUSA is based on the prinCiple of ontigen.antibody interaction. 
Infection by pathogen can be detected by the presence of antigens 
(proteins. glycoproteins. etc.) or by rete cling the antibodies synthesised 
against the pathogen. 
12. 3 'fn..'<NSGEN(C .Ar-ltMALS 
Animals that ha\e had their DNA manipulated to possess and express on 
extra (foreign) gene are known as uan~entc animals. Transgenic rats. 
rabbits. p;gs. sheep. cows ond fish have been produced. olthough over 
95 p3r cent ot .all eXisting tr.ansgm.ic .miJ'nals .are mice. TNhg are these 
al\i.m:rls l>?ir\9 produced.? How con mm l>?nej.tfrom sud\ modJfo.caJ.(Ons? 
Let us try 3Jld. e:.o::plore sorre of llie corrunJn re.asons: 
(i) Normal p/>IJsiology and development: Transgenic orumols con 
be specificolly designed to allow the study of how genes are 
regulated. ond how they o!fect the normal functions of the body 
and its re\elcpmmt. e.g .• studyct complex factors in\Olved ingrowth 
such as insulin-like ffowth factor. Byintrodueinggenes from other 
speCies that olter the fOrmation of this factor and studying the 
biologic<11 eftect~ that res\Ut. illtormation is obtained about the 
biologicol role of the factor in the body. 
(il) Stu<fu qf di.soose:Manytrmsgenic onirnals are reSigned to increase 
our unc\>rs\mding of tow !l'neS conlrtbufe to the de\elopment of 
d!sea,. , These are speCially made to sene as nxx:IOis br human 
eli,..,.., sothatin""'*tion ctnewtreatmonu trcli-..es u made 
possible. Tcdaytransgen;c mcdels eRisl Dt' manyhum21l diseases 
N ch .as cmcer. cystic fibroSis. rheumatoid .arthritis and A1.zheirref s. 
(W) Biological products: MediCines required to treat "'rtain human 
d!sea,.s can contain bi0logic31 pro:lu cts. but such p-o:lucts are 
often expensive to make. Trmsgenic .aniJ'n..als that prcduce useful 
bi0106C31 pro:lu ets can be created by the int.m:lucuon of the portion 
of DNA (or genes) which axles ror a porti eulor pro:luct such as 
hun= prote in (""!-antitrypSin) used to treat emphysema. Similar 
attempts are being made ror treatrrent of phenyll<l!tonurta (PKU) 
and cystic fibrosis. In 1997. the first transgeni c ccm, RoSie. produced 
human protein-e nriched milk (2.4 grams per litre). The milk 
cont:>lned the human 3lpha-lact31bumin and was nulrition3lly a 
m:re balanced p-o:!uet for human babies than natur:>l cow-milk. 
~lj Vo.ccinesqfety: Trans~c mce are being developed toe use in 
testing the S31ety ct vacCines before they are used on humans . 
Tran.gem c mceare beingusedtotest the sa!elyct thepcliOvaceine. 
If successful and foond to be reliablo. they could replo.ce the use ct 
rmnk.eys to test the safetyofbatchesafthe vacdne. 
M Ol.emleal sqfety testin9: This is kncmn as ID><!City/safetytesllng. 
The procedure is the sarre as that used ror testing tcrocityof drugs. 
Transgenic animals are made that carry genes which ma1<l!o them rrore 
senSitive totcroc subs1ancesthannon-tran sgenic anim:>ls. They are 
then exposed tothetcroc substances and the eJreets studil!d. Toocity 
testing in such animals Will31low us toob\oin results in less tirre. 
12. 4 li:ntJ\'.111. Isstfi>'S 
1he manipulauon of liVing organisms by the human race cannot go on 
any further. without regulauon. SOn:e ethi c31 standalds .,.. require d to 
ev:>luate the morality of all human actiVities that might help cr harm liVing 
agan~sms. 
<loingbel'Ond the mor3lityaf such issues. the blologje:>l sigl>i{icance 
ct such things is 31so impOrtanl o.netic m:difle.aUon a organisms can 
ha\10 unpredl catalie results men such organum>.,.. lntro:luced into 
the ecosystem 
Therebre. the Indian Golemrrent has set up aganiSaUons such as 
GEAC (Genetic Engineeri ng Approv31 Cornmttee). which will make 
deCisiOns regarding the v31idity of GM resear ch and the safety of 
intro:lucing GM.aganisms for public serVices. 
The mxlillcauon ;u sage of liVing agarusms ror publlc serVices (as fco:l 
and m!d!Cine sources, rorexample) has31so created problems With patents 
granted ror the same. 
r 
IIIOlOGV 
There is growing public onger that certo.in companies are being 
granted patents fi:Jr prcducts and technologies that moke use of the 
genetic materu.Is. plants md other biOlogic~ resources that have long 
been identified. developed and used by farmers and indig.nous people 
of a Sf"Cific regiOn/ country. 
Rice is an import=t food grain. the presence of which goes back. 
thousands of years in Asia's ~cultural history. There are an estimated 
200,000 vM'ieties of rtce in India .alone. The diVerSity of rice in India is 
one of tll.e richest in the world. B.asmati rice is distinct for its Wl.ique 
.aroma .and fia\Our .and 27 cbcummted vM'ieties of B.asmati .are grcrwn 
in India. There is reference to B.asmati in .ancient te:.o::ts. fOlklore md 
pcetry . .as it has teen grown fbr centuries. In 1997. m Arrertcm 
company got patent ~ts on Basmati rice through the US Patent and 
Trademark Office. This allowed the company to sell a 'new' variety of 
Basmati. in the US and abroad. This 'rew v.nety ct Basmati had actually 
been derived from. hlcti.m f.arn'e(s vM'ieties. Indi3n B.asmati w.as crossed 
witll. semi-d.w.arf vM'ieties .and cl.airred .as .an in\ention or .a nmelty. The 
patent «<lends to fW>cti0113.1 equivolents. implying that other people 
selling Basmati rice could be restricted by the patent. Several attempts 
ha\e .also been made to p.atent uses. prcducts .and. processes b.ased on 
Indian tr.adition.al herb.al rredicines. e.g .. turrrertc neem If we .are not 
Vigilmt and we do not illllrediately OOWlter these patent applicatiOns. 
other countries/indiViduals may en cash on our rich legacy and "" may 
not be able to cb anything about it. 
Bioptraey is tll.e term used to refer to the use of bio-resources by 
multin.ation.al com.panies .and ollier org.arus.ations witll.out proper 
.authoris.ation from. t.he COWl.trtes md people concerned without 
compensatory paJmenl. 
Most of the industrialised nations are rich finanCially but poor in 
biediverSity and traditional knowledge. In contrast the developing and 
the underdeveloped v.orlct is rich in bicdiVersity md tr.adition.al 
knowledge related to biD-resources. Traditi0113.1 knowledge related to 
biD-resources can be exploited to develop m:xtem applications and can 
.also be used to s.ave tin-e. effort .and. e::-::penditure during their 
cornrrerci.alis.ation. 
There has been growing realisation of the injustice. inadequate 
compensation and benefit sharing betv.,en develOf"d and developing 
countries. Therefi:Jre. some nations are developing laws to prelent such 
un.autll.orised e:.o::ploit.ation of tll.eir bio-resources md tr.adition.al 
knowledge. 
The Indian Parliarrent has recently cleared the seoond arnendrrent 
of the lndi3n P.atents Bill. tll.at lakes such issues into consider.ation. 
including p.atent terms emergency proVisions .and. rese.arch md 
deleloprren t initiative. 
·······-···- ···-···- ···-···- ···-···-···- ···-···- ···-···- ···-···- ···-···-···- ···-···- ···-···- ···-... -... -···- ···-···-···- ···-···- ···-· ······- ···-···- ···-···- ···-···- ··-···-···- ···-···- ···-···- ···-···- ··- ···-···- ···-···- ···-···- ... -... - ···-···-···- ···-···- ···-···- .... 
BiotecluDIDgy I= @""" to :=:: <>! useful products b)> USing ) 
f!tierobes. plant. ~ and treir metob:>lic macbinefy . Recom bin:mt f 
DNA lechoology has m,;de it passible to eng.neer f!tierotes, pl=ts [ 
3!ld anim<>ls such that they have nove l capabilities. GenetiCally ! 
Modi1ied OrganiSmS have teen crealed by USing methcds other 1h3n ~ 
n3tural methcds to tr 30Sier one or more ~ from ore organ;sm to c 
ano ther. e>nerally using techniques such z re:o mbinao t DNA ) 
techrolo<ll' . i 
GM plants have teen useful in ~ crop J>ields. redu:e p:>st,. i 
h•nest losses 3rd m3lre crops more toler3!lf. of stresses . 1tere are ~ 
several GM crop plants With im prmej llWitiooal 90lue af focds 3rd ~ 
redurei tre reli=:s on c:hemicol fl'S\iCideS (j:es!,resiSt= t cropsj . i 
Pa:ombiomt DNA technologiCal proo es have m3de immense ; 
impa:t in the "'"" of heal1hcare b)> enabling mass production of sole ; 
3rd more effective tl:er opeutics . Since tre re:ombinon t therapeulics j 
Me ident iCal to human proteins. they do not induce unwanted ~ 
imm uno~~ resp:>oses 3!ld are free from riSk of inlfction z wos i 
obser~ in case of Simil3.r prcducts iSOlated from ron.-hum.m sources . } 
Human inSulin iS m3de in bacteria yet its structur e iS abso lutely i 
identiCal lo that of tre notur 31 mole:ule . i 
·r-::·, ... , 
n 3n.S~nie animals Me 3lso used to urderstand how g!nes ~ 
con!tibute to the developmen t of a d;sease by serv;ng z mc:dels for \ 
h umm diSe=s. such z = cystic !l.brosis. rteumatoid orU1ritiS j 
:.u.v.l Al:UJdlllel ':::>. i ...... ::.:.: ;· 
Gene therapy iS tre insertion of ~ inlo an indiVidual's cells ! :-· 
.ud tissues to treat dise'?res esp:ci3lly tereditaty diseases. It does ~ .; ::.:~, 
so by repl3cing a derective mutant allele >:>1th a fun::tiooal one or 1 . . · .: 
·.~ ··, 
gere tor~ which imOlves e>ne amplifiCOiion VirUSeS thot att.acl< ; 
treir hosts .00 introdu::e treir e>retic material into tre 1nst cell z f 
part of their replicatil:ln Cjde are used os \Odors to transfer health y ,' 
geres or more re:enUy p:>rtions af genes. ! 
1he curren t interest in tre manipul.tion of miCro tes. pl=ts. 3rd ;1 
~ has raiSed seriOUS ethiCal questions . i 
' .................................................................................................................................................................................................... · 
r-xERC IS l:S 
1. ~st.ls of Bt toXin produrei by some bacteria do not kill the bacteria 
tb:rosel ves because -
(a) baoteria are resiStan t to the loXin 
(b) toXin iS immature; 
(cj toXin iS inac\i...: 
(d) baoteria eoclases loXin in a special sac. 
2 . What are tr~ bacteria ? lllustrale USing any one example . 
3. Olmpare 3rd con!tast the od~ 3rd disodvant.ges of production 
of ~l' modified crops. 
. <·· 
.. ;. · 
'·· >~ ·· ' . : . . ... 
' 2t5 
' 
\'1 _;) 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. 
810l0GY 
'Wh.c1 Me Cry proteUls? N3roe .em org:amsm Ulat produce tt. How ~ 
mon exploitEd this protein to his benefit? 
What !S gene \herapJ'? IU\lS\ra\e \l!'Ulg \he example of adenoSine 
deoroin>se (AD .A) dof""=J'. 
Dtgr<m~matically represent the expertmental steps 1n cloning and 
expr=ng on hurnon @'r>e (say \he ~ fOr growth hormone) Into a 
b.octertum like E. ootc? 
Can }OU SUI!Ef!Sl a meiliod to rem.O\~ oil Q"l}'droCMbonl from seeds based 
on }OW ~tng of rONA technology .mel cherrust.ry of oil? 
F1n::l out &om 1nternet what 1S golden riCe. 
Does our blood ha'~ pro teases and re •de?ses? 
Consult internet ~ fi.nd out how to make oully active protein 
pl'wrn.zoeulical. tvhat 1S U:e major problem to be e:roOW"llE:red? 
C haplcr I 3 
0 rga nis ms and Pop ula lions 
Chapler14 
Ecosystem 
Chapter! S 
Biodiversily and Conservalion 
Chapler16 
Environmenlal Issues 
Diversily is nol only a charac leris lic of living orga nisms bu l 
a ~ o ofco nlenl in biology lexlbooks. Biology is presenled eilher 
as bolany , zoology and microbiology or as classical and 
modern. The la ler is a eup hemism for molecular ospecls of 
biology. Luckio/ we have many lhreads which weave lhe 
differenl a re as o f b io log ica l inf orma lion inlo a u nifying 
principle. Ecology is one such lhread which gives us a holis lic 
perspec live lo biology. The essence of biological underslanding 
is lo know how o rga nisms, while remaining a n ind ividua l, 
inleroc l wilh o lher organisms and physical habilo ls as a group 
and hence behave like organised wholes, i.e., populalion, 
communi ly, ecos yslem or even as lhe w hole biosp here. 
Ecology explains lo us alllhis.A parli cular aspec l of lhis is lhe 
sludy of anlhr opoge nic environ menial degradali on and lhe 
socio-pofllical issues il has raised. This unil describes as w ell as 
lakes a crilical view of lhe above aspecls. 
I_ 
_I 
RAMDfO MISRA 
(1908·1998) 
Ramdeo Misra is revered as the Father of Ecology in India. Born on 26 August 
1908, Ramdeo Misra obtained Ph.D in Ecology ( 1937) under Prof. W. H. Pearsall, 
·'·'w,j FRS, from Leeds University in UK. He established teaching and research in 
"( ecology at the Department of Botany of the Banaras Hindu University, 
V aranasi. His research laid the foun do lions for understanding of fro pi cal 
communities and their succession, environmental responses of plant 
populations and productivity and nutrient cycling in tropical forest and 
grassland ecosystems. Misra formulated the first postgraduate course in 
ecolog)' in India. Over 50 scholars obtained Ph.D degree under his supervision 
and moved on to other universities and research institutes to initiate ecology 
teaching and research across the country. 
He was honoured with the Fellowships of the Indian National Science 
Academy and World Academy of Arts and Science, and the prestigiousSanjay 
Gandhi Award in Environment and Ecology. Due to his efforts, the 
Government of India established the National Committee for Environmental 
Planning and Coordination (1972) which, in later years, paved the way 
for the establishment of the Ministry of Environment and forests (1984). 
CHAPTER 13 
ORGANISMS AND POPULATIONS 
J 3. J Or9"ni.sm ondlt.s 
Erwtrcn.m.ent. 
13.2 Populn.~on.s Our li<~ng 100rld is fascinatingly diverse ond ornaZingly 
oomplex. We con try to WldersU>nd its comple><~ty by 
investigating processes at "'riOus levels of biOlogical 
orgmisation-macromolecules. cells. tissues. organs. 
indiVidu.al org.arusms. population. communities and. 
ecosystems and. biOmes. IU my level of biologic3l 
org.anisation we can ask lTA'O types of questions - for 
example. when we hear the bulbul singing earlym:rning 
in the ga!den. '"' may ask- 'How does the bird sing? 
Or. 'Whyctoes the bird Sing? The 'how-type• questions 
seek the med\on(Sm behind the process while the 'why­
type' questions seek the signif=nce of the process. For 
llie first qu.estion in ourex.ample.llie ansTA-er might be in 
terms of the operation of the IOice bo.x ond the Vibrating 
bone in the bird. whereas for the second question the 
.mslo'.:er may he in llie bird.•s need to cornrnwl.i cate witll. its 
mate during breeding season. When you obsene nature 
.around. you V>litll. .a scientific fr.arre of mind you will 
certainly rorre up with many interesting questions of both 
types - ~are nigl'lt-l:i.oomin(!jowers general19 u:N.te? 
How does the bee l<now whicnjower 1\as nectar? WI\(! 
does cadu.s haoe so man.g thorns? How does the d'li.cK 
recogn..:.se f"ler ocon. m::>ther? • .and. so on. 
r 
- . 
110 
~ 
i i 
1 
j 
BIOlOGY 
You have already learnt in previous classes that Ecology is a subject 
which studies the interactions among organisms and between the 
organism and its physical (abiotic) environment. 
Ecology is basically concerned with four levels of biological 
organisation- organisms, populations, communities and biomes. In this 
chapter we explore ecology at organismic and population levels. 
Ecology at the organismic level is essentially physiological ecology which 
tries to understand how different organisms are adapted to their 
environments in terms of not only survival but also reproduction. You 
may have leamt in earlier classes how the rotation of our planet around 
the Sun and the tilt of its axis cause annual variations in the intensity 
and duration of temperature, resulting in distinct seasons. These 
variations together with annual variation in precipitation (remember 
prectpitation includes both rain and snow) account for the formation of 
major biomes such as desert, rain forest and tundra (Figure 13.1). 
30 
2.5 
20 Tropical 
15 
10 
5 
0 
-6 
-10 
-15 
50 100 150 200 250 300 350 400 450 
Mean annual precipitation (em) 
Figure 13.1 Biome distribution with respect to annual temperature and precipitation 
Regional and local variations within each biome lead to the formation of a 
wide variety of habitat s . Major biomes of India are shown in Figure 13.2. 
On planet Earth, life exists not just in a few favourable habitats but even 
in extreme and harsh habitats- s corchin g Raj asthan desert, perpetuall y 
rain-soak ed Meghalaya for ests, deep ocean trenches, torr ential streams, 
permafrost polar regions, high mountain tops, boiling thermal sprin gs, 
and stinking compost pits , to name a few. Even our intestine is a unique 
habitat for hundr eds of spectes of microbes. 
, l 
I ; I 
ORGANISM S AN D POPUl ATIONS 
(a) (b) 
(c) (d) 
Figure 13.2 Major biomes of India : (a) Tropical rain fore st; (b) Deciduous forest ; 
(c) Desert; (d) S ea coast 
What are the key elements that lead to so much vari ation in the 
physical a nd chemi cal cond itions of differe nt habita ts? The most 
important ones are temperatur e, water , light and soil. We must remember 
that the physico-chemical (abiotic) comp onents alone do n ot chara cter ise 
the habitat of an organism comple tely ; the h a bitat includes biotic 
component s also- p athogen s, parasit es, predat ors and competitor s - of 
the organism with which they interact s constantl y . We assume that over 
a period of time, the o rganism had thr ough natural sele ction, evolved 
adaptations to optimise its survival and reprodu ction in its habita t. 
13. 1.1 Major Abiotic Factors 
Temperature: Te mperature is the most ecologi cally rele vant 
environm en tal fact or. You are aware that the average tem peratur e on 
land varie s s easonall y, decreases progr essively from the equator towards 
th e poles and from plains to the mountain tops . It range s from subzero 
levels in polar area s and high altitud es to >50°C in tropical desert s in 
s ummer. There are, however , unique h a bitats s u ch as thermal springs 
and deep- s ea hydr othermal vents where avera ge temper atures exceed 
100° C. It is general knowled ge that mango tree s d o not and cannot grow 
in temperate countri es like Canada and German y, snow leopards are not 
found in Kerala forests and tuna fish are rarely caught beyond tropical 
81010GY 
latitudes in the oceon. You em reodily appreciate the s;gn;Jicmce of 
temperature to li>~ngorgorusms when JOU realise thalit >Jrects the kinetics 
of enzyrres 3Jld tllrough it the basal rretabolism. actil>lty 3Jld other 
phySiOlogical functions of the organism. A few organisms con tolerate ond 
thrile in a wide ronge of temperatures (they are called ewgthermot). but. a 
vast majoril;yof them are restncted to a narrow rongeof temperatures (such 
organisms are called stenotMerm:U). The levels of thermal toleronce of 
difrerent species determine to alarg. extent their geographicaldistnbution. 
Can gou tlVnl< of o. Jew ewgthermal. and. stenothermal. animots and. 
plants? 
Inrecentyears. there has been agrow;ng concern about the gradually 
increasing average global temperatures (Chapter 16). if tN.s trend. 
cont.:n.ues, woutd gou exped the di.sCTl.f;;utlOnot ro.n.ge qj some sped.es to 
be qffected.? 
Water: Next to temperature. water is the rmst irnp:>rtant factor in11uenting 
tll.e life of org3.nisms. hl. f3.ct. lite on earth Ol"igin3.ted. in w3.ter .and. is 
unsust.ain.able witll.out w.ater. Its .av3.il.abilityis so limited. in deserts tll.at 
only special adaptations moke it posSible to live there. The productiVity 
anddistrtbution ofplantsis alsoheavilydependent on water. You might 
tll.ink tll..at org3.nisms li\r1ng in oce.ans.13kes .and. rivers should. not f.ace 
any water -related problems. but ilis not true. For aquatic organisms the 
quality (chemical compoSition. pH) of waterbeoorres important. The salt 
concent1'ation (n-easured as salinity in pMls per thousand). is less than 
5 p3r cent in inl.and. waters. 30-35 per cent llie se.a .and> 100 per cent in 
sorre hypersaline 13.goons. Some org..anism.s .are toler.antof .a '»ide r.ange 
of salinities (euryhaline) but others are restrtcted to a narrow range 
(stenohallne). Many freshwater animals cannot liveforlongin sea water 
.and. Vice vers.a bec.ause of llie osnDUc problems. tll.ey '-I.'OUld. face. 
Llgllt: Since plants produce b:d through photosyntheSis. a process which 
is only possible when sunlight is .av.ail.able .as .a source of energy. we can 
quickly understond the importance of light for liVing organisms. 
particularly autotrophs. Many species of small plonts (heros 3Jld shrubs) 
growing in fOrests are adapted to photosyntheSise optimally under very 
low light oonditions because they are oonstantly overshadowed by tall. 
canopied trees. Manyplantsare also dependent on sunlight to rreet their 
photoperiOdic requirement fOr flowering For many animals too.lighlis 
important in that they use the diurnal and seasonal variations in light 
intenSity and duration (photoperiOd) as cues for timing their fbra~ng. 
reprodu cti \e ond migratory actiVities. The availability of light on landis 
closely linked. Willi tll.at of temper.ature since tll.e SWl. is llie source fbr 
both. But. deep (>500m) in the oceans. the enVironment is perpetually 
d..ark .and its ir'lh.abit3nts .are not .aw.are ofllie eXistence of .a celesti.al source 
of energy called Sun. tf.IMI. tnen <s tMir sowce of ener9g?). The spectral 
quality of solar radiation is also important for life. The W component of 
the spectrum is harmful to mmy organisms while not all the colour 
components of the Visible spectrum are available fOr marine plants liVing 
at different depths of the ocean. Am:>ng the red. green and /:<own algae 
that inha.f:O.t tMe sea. u.iV.d\ <s W<k!g to befourv:J. in the deepest waters? 
Why? 
Soli: The nature and pfOP'rtieS of SOil in different places vory; it is 
ctepenrent on the climate. llie v>eallienng process. whetller sOil is 
transp:rtedor sedirrentoryandhow sOil developrrentoccurred. V.nous 
ch.ar.acteristics of tll.e sOil such .as sOil composition. gr.ain Size .and. 
owegatiOn determine the percolation and water holding capacity of the 
SOils. These ch3.racteristics along V>litll. parameters such as pH. mineral 
composition and topography determine to alar!!' e:<tent the \egetation in 
any ore a. This is in tumdictatesthe type of animals that can be supported 
Simil3.rty. in llie aquatic enVirOnrrent.llie sedirrent-chMacterisUcs often 
retermine the type of benthic animals that can \lul\e there. 
l3.l.2 Responses to Abiotic Factors 
Ha>~ng realised that the abiOtic conditions of many habitats may vory 
drastically in tirre. lol.'e now ask~w do the or,gan..:sms Uo.:n.9 .:n sud\ 
l'lo.bitats cope or monage UAthstresifu!.condi.ti.ons?But before attempting 
toans""r this question, we should perhaps ask first why ahighlyoonable 
external enwonrrent should bother organisms otter all. One would «<pee\ 
thatdurtng the course of milliOns of years ci their eXistence. many speCies 
would have evolved a relatively constant internal (within the body) 
en>lronrren\ \hat permits all biOchemical reactiOns and phySiological 
functions to proceed. with maXimal 
effiCiency and thus. enhance the overall 
'fitness' of the species. This constancy. fOr 
example. could be in terms of optimal 
temperature .mctosnDUc concentration of f 
body Ouids. Ideally then. the organism "l ~-----:;~;;;:;~~;:= should try to maintain the constancy of its .!i 
intem3l enVironment (a process called. 1 
homeosta.s<s) despite varying external 
enVirOnmental conditions tll.at tend. to 
upset its horreostaSis. Let us l3ke .an 
analogy to cWify this important concept. 
Suppose a person is able to perform his/ 
her best when tll.e temperature is 25°C and 
Wishes to maintain it so. even when it is 
scorchingly hot or freezingly cold outside. 
Fis,-ure 13.3 D1agraromat1c representation of 
org3l'".li.s:m1c response 
It could be achieved at horre. in the car while travelling. and at \<O!'kplace 
by using .an .air conditioner in surrurer and heater in winter. Then his/ 
her performance woul.d be always maXimal reg.ordless of the weather 
MOU!'ld hil'n/her. Her.; the person's hMeosUsis is aeeornpllshed. not 
tll.rough physiologic.al. but .artificial mea.ns. How do other li.olr\9 
or9an..:sms cope w-:th the sib.J.atv:m? Let us look .at vM'iOus possibilities 
(Figure 13.3). 
r 
81010GY 
(i) R-la!e: Sorre org3nisms ore 3ble to mom tom homeosto.Sis by 
physiOlog;coJ (so:metirres beh3Vi0urol3lso) rreonswhich ensures 
con stan\ bo:ly telqler3\ ure. cons\M t osrtDtic concen \1'3\ion. etc. 
All birds .and. mamm.als. and. .a \ery few lower vertebr.ate and. 
invertebr.ate species .are indeed. c.ap.able of such regul.ation 
(therrrore~lo.tion 3nd osmoregulo.lion). E\Oluli0113IY biOlogists 
believe \he\ the 'success' of rm=ls is !Mgelydue to their 3bility 
tom.mtom 3 consto.nt body temper3ture ond thrive whether\ hey 
live in Ant.arctica or in llie S.ah.ar.a resert. 
The rrechoni. sms used by rmst !lW!UllO!s toregulo.te their body 
lenlfE!f".ature .are Simil.ar to llie ores tllat TA'e hUfi'Wls use. \A.e nuinf...ain 
3 amston\ body tempero.ture of- 37"C. In sumrrer. when outside 
tempero.ture is rmre th3n our bo:ly temper3twe. we """3\ profusely. 
The resullingev3por3li\e cooling. simi 1M to wh3t h3ppens With 3 
desert a:oler in oper31ion. brings cbwn the body temper3ture. In 
winter when llie temper.atureismuch lower tl'wl370C. TA'e start to 
shi\er . .a kind. of e:.rercise which prcduces he.at .and. r.aises tll.e bo:ty 
temper.ature. Pl.ants. on the other h.and.. do not h.ave such 
mech.anisms tol"'laint.ain intem.al te~r.atures. 
(il) Co>iform:An overwhelmingr=jonty(99 per cent) of 3nimols ond 
ne.arly 311 pl.ants (.3.1'Ulol m.aint.ain .a constant intem.al enVirOnrrent. 
Theirbo:lytelqleiature ch3nges l'>~th the ambient leff4Jeiature.In 
.aqu.atic .animals. tll.e osmotic concentr.ation of llie bcdy fluids 
ch.ange Willi tllat of llie .ambient w.ater oSfi'Dtic concentr.ation. These 
3nimols 3nd pools ore Simply conrorrrers. Considenng the benefits 
of .a constant intern .a! enVirOnment to tll.e org.arusm. TA'e must .ask 
why these ooniorrrers h3d note\01\ed to be rome regulo.tors. Recoll 
the hurnon ono.Iogy we used 3bove; much 3S they like. how mony 
people con reolly oiford on 3ir oonditioner? M3ny Simply 'swe3t it 
out' .and. resign themselves to suboptim.al performance in hot 
sumrrer nDnllis. ihermoregul.ation is energetic.allye::-::penSive fbr 
mony org3nisms. This is pMticu!Mly true for srmll onirn3ls like 
shrews .and. humming birds. He .at loss or he.atg.ain is .a function of 
surface .are.a. Since small.anim.als h.ave .a t.arger surface .are.a rel.ative 
to their volurre. they tend to lose body he3l \ery f3st when ili s oold 
outside; then they h3ve to •"Pend rruch energy to gener3\e body 
he.at tlu"ough met.abolism This is llie main re.ason why\erysmall 
3nimols 3re r3rely round in po!M reg;ons. During the course of 
evolution. llie costs .and benefits of maintainir'lg .a constant intem.al 
enw-crurent .are t.3l<en into consi:ier.ation Serre speCies h.a\e erohed. 
the 3bility tore~3te. but only mer 3llmited r0Jl8l of enVirenmentol 
conditions. be)Ond which they simply conform 
If the stressfulexterMl oondilions ore locollsedor remom only 
for .a short d.ur.ation.llie organism. h.as twoollier .altern.atives. 
lW) A!i.grot<>: The ocgamsm can """" away tenoporarily fran the 
slre>sful lubitat toarrorehospil3ble areaandrei.W'I"I when suessful 
perb:l is 011er. In human anU~gy. this stn.t.egy Is lilte a perllm 
~n>~>~ng fran Delhi to Shimla for the dura UCn a surnm!r . Many 
onlmals. particul 311ybirds. du<ingwinter undertake kln.g-clistance 
rrdgrations to rrore hospitable area s. Every winter the f31ll0Us 
Keolodo Nati0031 Park [Bh3.rtpur) in R3jasl han host thousands a 
ml~atory birds oorro;ng from Siberia and other extremel y cold 
northern reg;ons. 
~lj SUSpend: In bactena. tun& and lower plant >. va!10\ls kinds a thick­
walled spore s are formed which help them to surnve untavoura ble 
conditions -the >e germnate onaVOilabilityot >ultable enwonment. 
In higher plants. seeds and some other vegetative reprodu cli~~e 
structures >ene as means totideC~erpencds clst.ress besld!s helping 
in dispersal-they germinate to form new plant s under favourable 
m:isture and t~erature condition>. Tiley do so by reducing their 
metaboli c actiVity andga;ng into a date of'cb'mancy' . 
In animals.theocgamsm. ifunabletomlgrate.n'igllt a110id the 
stress by esca~ in tirre . 1be tamn;ar case a bears goans into 
N.bornott.on during Winter iS an example at. escape in lime. Sare 
snails and fish gp into aesti.ooti.on to a..oid summer-alated 
problems-heat and desiccation . Under unta..ourable conditions 
many:!:COplanldon species in lakes andpotld s are known to enter 
cU.o.pau.st. a sta~ of suspended de110lopo:ent. 
l:l.L .:l Adaptations 
While considering the vanous olternati~~es avaU..ble to organisms for 
coping with e><tremes in their enVironment. we have seen that some are 
able to respond through certain ph)'Siological adjustment s while others 
Cb so beha<10Urally (rrdgrating temporanly to a less stressf ul habita t). 
These responses are olso actually. their adaptation s. So. we can say that 
ackpaiJon is any attl1bute of the organ;sm (m:llpholcgi cal. p~Sidogicol. 
behaY!Oufo!) that enables the org.,;sm to surViiiO and reproduce in its 
habitat. Man)' actaptauens have e101ved <Mr a lcmg e\Olu\iorU!y time 
and are ~nelicany fi>ed In the ab>ence of an external source of water. 
\he kangarcx> rat in North .Atrel1can cterert> is capable of meeting all its 
water requirements lh1ough its internal fat OO<idaUCn (in which water iS 
a by pnxluc\) . l\ also has the a~litl' to ooncenl.rate 1\s urine so that 
mlnlmal vclume a water is used to retr01e excretory pnxlucts . 
Many desert plants have a thick cuticle on their lea! outfaces and 
have their stomata arrang ed in deep pits to miniOOi oe wa\erloulhrou gh 
transpiration. They ~so have a special photo synthetic pathway [CI\M) 
\hat enables \heir stomata to remain clo>eddu<ing day lime. Some de>ert 
plants like OpWilUO. have no leaves -the)' are redu ced to spines- and the 
pholosJ-nlhlrtic function is taken 0110r by the flatten ed stems. 
r 
81010GY 
Mwm3ls fromcolcter climates generollyha•e shortereors ond limbs 
tominimiseheot loss. (This is collect the AUEn'sR<M.) In the p::>lor seos 
:~Qualic rromno.Is like seals hale a thick layer offal (blubbe~ below their 
skin tllat .acts .as .m insulator .and reduces loss of tocty he .at. 
Some organisms possess adaptations that ore jivJs<o!o9(Cal, which 
allow them to respond quickly to a stressful Situation. If you had ever 
been to any high altitude place (>3.500m~tang Pass nearManali and 
M.ans.arov.ar. in China occupied Tibet) you must have e:...:p3nenced what 
is called oJJ.iJ.ude slCkn.ess. Its symptoms include nausea. fatigue .md 
heart palpitations. This is because in tll.e low .atmJspheric pressure of 
high altitudes. the body does not get enough «"J'gen. But. gradually you 
get acclimatised ond stop experiencing altitude sickness. How di.d.gour 
bod9 sowe tN.s pro Nerd? The body oompensates low «"J'gen aoailability 
by increasing red blood cell production. decreasing the binding capacity 
of hemoglobin ond by increasing breathing rate. Mang tribes li.oe in tl'le 
IVBh altitude of HimalaiJa.s. Ftr1d out iftl'leg normal19 ruwe o. N9Mer red 
blood. ceU. count (or total. hemo9!ob;n) than peop.e ti<>:"f) in tl'le p.o.ins. 
In nDst .animals~ tll.e metabolic reactions .and hence .all the 
phySiological functions proceedoptimollyin a norrow temperature range 
(in humans. it is - 37"C). But there ore microbes (archaebacteria) that 
flourish in hot springs .and deep sea hydrotll.erm.al vents where 
temperatures fM e:...:ceed 1 00°C. How is tll.is posSible? 
M.my fish tlu'ive in Antarctic w.aters where tll.e temperature is alw.ays 
below zero. How d.o theg mmage to ~ep tl'leil bod9Jlui.d.s JromfreeZinsf' 
A Jorge vanetyof m.orine in\ertebrates and fish live at greotdepths in 
the ocean where the pressure could be>! 00 times the ncrma1 atrrospheric 
pressure tllat we e:...:penence. How do theg li.oe under sud\ cn(Sl'tir\9 
pressures and. d.o theg ruwe ang sped.al. enzgmes? Organisms liVing in 
such extrerre enViron rrents show .a fascinating .array of biochemical 
adaptations. 
Serre org.arusms show beh.a\r10ural resp:~nses to cop3 witll. v.art.ations 
in their en \.Ironment. Dosert liZOJ"ds lack the phySiological ability that 
mommols have to deal With the high temperatures of their habitat. but 
monage to keep their body temperature fairly constant by behaViOural 
me.ms. They bask in tll.e sun .and .absorb heat when their bcdy 
temperature drops below the comfe<t zone. but move into shade when 
tll.e .ambient temperature st.arts increasing. Serre speCies .are capable of 
burrowing into the sOil to hide ond escape from the above-ground heat. 
1a.2.1 Population Attributes 
In nature.'"' roretyfind isolated. Singleindi\olduals of any speCies; mojonl;y 
of them li\e in groups in a well defined geographical area. share or compete 
tor Similar resources~ potentially interbreed .and tll.us constitute .a 
ORGANISMS AND POPULATIONS 
population. Although the term 1nterbreed1ngimplies sexual reproduction, 
a group of 1ndividuals resulting from even asexual reproduction is also 
generally considered a population for the purpose of ecological studies. 
All the cormorants 1n a wetland, rats 1n an abandoned dwell1ng, teakwood 
trees 1n a forest tract, bacteria 1n a culture plate and lotus plants 1n a 
pond, are some examples of a population. In earlier chapters you have 
learnt that although an individual organism is the one that has to cope 
with a changed environment, it is at the population level that natural 
selection operates to evolve the desired traits. Population ecology is, 
therefore, an important area of ecology because it 11nks ecology to 
population genetics and evolution. 
A population has certain attributes that an 1ndividual organism does 
not. An 1ndividual may have births and deaths, but a population has birth 
rates and death rates. In a population these rates refer to per capita births 
and deaths, respectively. The rates, hence, are expressed is change 1n numbers 
(1ncrease or decrease) with respect to members of the population. Here is an 
example. If 1n a pond there are 20 lotus plants last year and through 
reproduction 8 new plants are added, tak1ng the current population to 28, 
we calculate the birth rate as 8/20 = 0.4 offspring per lotus per year. If 4 
1ndividuals 1n a laboratory population of 40 fruitilies died during a specified 
time 1nterval, say a week, the death rate 1n the population during that period 
is 4/40 = O.lindividuals per fruitfly per week. 
Another attribute characteristic of a population is sex ratio. An 
individual is either a male or a female but a population has a sex ratio 
(e.g. , 60 per cent of the population are females and 40 per cent males) . 
A population at any given time is composed of 1ndividuals of different 
ages. If the age distribution (per cent individuals of a given age or age 
group) is plotted for the population , the resulting structure is called an 
age pyramid (Figure 13.4). For human population, the age pyramids 
generally show age distribution of males and females in a comb1ned 
diagram. The shape of the pyramids reflects the growth status of the 
population- (a) wheth er it is growing, (b) stable or (c) decl1n1ng. 
Post-reproductive rn 
Reproductive t,.....r..-+-_,~..., 
Pre-reproductive ID:1i:L:!U:\\\\\\\i::;Sf"':' .:itU:"'i\i:::s::': r'U'/i'll 
Expanding 
e 
.. 
.. 
.. :. . .. 
"'' '"" Stable Declln1ng 
Figure 13.4 Representation of age pyramids for human population 
The size of the population tells us a lot about its status in the habitat. 
Whatever ecological processes we wish to 1nvestigate in a population, be 
it the outcome of competition with another species, the impact of a 
81010GY 
predator or the effect of a pestiCide application, we always evaluate them 
in terms of .any ch.ange in llie ~ulalion siZe. The Size. in nature. could. 
be as low as <I 0 (Siberun cr:mes at Bharatpur v.~<tlands in any jea~ or 
go into millions (Ch!<ungdomono.s in a pond). Population siZe, more 
technically called populaUon density (designated as N). need not 
necess.arily be me.asured in numbers only. Allliough total number is 
generally the most appropriate measure of population density. it is in 
sorre c.ases eitller rreMingless or difficult to determine. In an .are .a. if 
there are 200 PartMen<umplants but only a smgle huge banyan tree with 
a mge cancpy. stating that the population denSity of banyan is low relative 
to that of PartMen<umamounts to underestimating the enormous role of 
llie Bmyan in tllat canrnwlity. In such c.ases.llieper cent CO\erorbi:lrnass 
is .a m:re rre.aningful rre.asure of llie population Size. Total number is 
again not an easily adoptable measure ii the population is huge and 
COWl.ting is impossible or very tirre-consurnirlg. !f gou tv:we a. dense 
!o.borat«g a.d.twe of /xJ.deri.a. in o. p«n di.si\ what <s the best meo.sln'e to 
rep«t its densif9? Sometimes. fbr oertom ecological investigations, there 
is no need. to know llie .absolute population denSities: rel.ati\e rensities 
serve the purpose equally ""ll. For instance. the number of fish caught 
per trap is good enou!')> measure of its total population density in the lal<e. 
We are mostly obliged to estimate population siZes indirectly. Without 
actually counting them or seeing them. The tiger census in our national 
parks and tiger reserves is often based on pugmarl<.s and fecal pellets. 
13.2.2 Population Gro-,.1:h 
The siZe of a population fbr anyspeeiesisnota static parameter. It keeps 
changing in time, depending on ..nous factors including to::d availability. 
pred..alion pressure .and reduce TA-e.ather. hl. fact. it is lliese ch.anges in 
population density that ~\e us some idea of what is happening to the 
population- whether it is flourishing or declining Whatever might be 
the ultimate reasons. the density of a population in ag;ven habitat ctunng 
.a given peried.. O.uctuates due to ch.anges in fbur b.aSic processes. two of 
which (natality and immigation) contnbute an increase in population 
density and t«<> (moru.Jity andemigation) to a decrease. 
(i) Natality refers to then wnber of births during ag;ven periOd in the 
population that are added to the initial denSity. 
(il) M ormlity is the number of deaths in the population during a gi\en 
periOd. 
(iii) Itnn'U.gro.tion is the number of ind.i\lidu.als of llie s.arre species tllat 
have come into the habitat from elsewhere dunng the time periOd 
u ncter con Sider.a tion. 
(iv) Emigration is the number of indiViduals of the population who 
left the habitat and gone elsewhere during the time periOd under 
consirer.alion. 
Ot(:;A!!~Jit~ A!lO POPUIATIO!i~ 
, .... 'p" 
(I) 
+ 
Ptpill11oa 
D "I 
(N} 
..,..a 
~ 
-I 
> 
So. if N is the population denSity at tirre t. then its denSity at tirre t • I is 
N .. , =N, + ((B • n -[D +E)) 
You can see from tll.e .above equation tll.at population density will 
incre.ase if llie number of births plus llie number of iml'l1igr.mts (B +I) is 
rrore than the nwnber of deaths plus the number of emigrants [D +E). 
ollierwise it will recre.ase. Under norm.a1 conditions. births .and cte.atll.s 
are the rmst imp::>rtant factors in1lueneingpopulation density. the other 
t100 factors assuming importance only under Sf"Cial conditions. For 
inst..mce. if .a new h.abit.at is just being coloni sect. iml'nigr.ation m.ay 
ron tribute rrore significantly to population growth than birth rates. 
Growth Models: Does the growth of a population with tirre show any 
speci1ic and predictable pattern? W. have been con.cerned a tout unbridled 
human population growth and problems created by it in our country 
.md. it is llieretbre n.atur.al tor us to be curious if different .animal 
p:~pul.ations in n.ature teh.a\e llie s.arre way or show sorre restraints on 
growth. Perhaps lol.'e c.m learn .a lesson or two from. n.ature on how to 
oontrol population growth. 
[i) Exponential gro~l>.: Resource [roc:d and space) aoailability is 
obViOUsly essential fOr the unimpeded growth of a population. 
Ire .atty. when resources in llie h.abit.at .are unlimited.. each species 
has the ability to realise fully its innate potential to gow in number. 
as Darwinobsened while developing his theory of natural selection. 
Then the population grows in ane"Ponenlli>l or georretrtc fashion. 
If in a population of Size N. the birth rates [not total nwnber but 
r 
81010GY 
per cap<to.births) are represented as band death rates (~>in, per 
cop<to.reath rates) as d. then theincreaseordecreaseinN ctunnga 
unit tirre p3rio:l t (dN/dt) Will be 
dN/dt = (b -d) X N 
Let (b-d) = r. then 
dN/dt= rN 
The r in tll.is equation is called llie <ul.trinsic rate ofn.atur.al increase• 
.and. is .a \etyimport.ant p.ararreter chosen tor .assesSing impacts of 
any biOtic or abiOtic factor on population growth. 
To give you sorre idea about the~tude ofr volues. fbr the 
Norway rat the r is 0.015. and fbr the flour beetle it is 0.12. In 
1981. the r ""lue fbr human population in India was 0.0205. Ftr1d 
out u:i\at the CJ.(.lrent r oob.J.e (S. For o::Ucutat.:n.9 -:t, gou need to 
know the b:rth ro.tes and deo.J.h ro.tes. 
The above equation dese!lbes the exponential or g.crrel!lc growth 
pattern of a population ~re 13.5) andresultsinaJ-shafOd curve 
when'"' plot N in relation to tirre. If you are !3rniliM With basic 
colculus. you can de!lve the integral fbrm of the 
""Ponen tial gowth equation as 
Fis,-w:e 13.5 Population growth cur\~ 
a when responses Me not 
llmtting the growth. plot is 
expor.ent.1~ 
b when responses~ limiting 
the growth pbt iS lo8'SI10-
K ts canytng copactty 
Nt = Noe« 
where 
N, = lbpula\ion denSi\yafter\irre \ 
N0 = lbpulation denSity at tirre zero 
r =intrinsic rate of natural increase 
e =the base ofnaturallog>rtthms (2. 71828) 
Any species groWing exponenti3llyunder wilimited 
:resource conditions~ reach enomous ~l.ation 
renSities in .a short tirre. DM'Win showed how even 
• slow §'OWing onim3lllke elephant could reach 
enorrrous numters in llie .absence of checks. The 
rollowing is an anecdote popularly narrated to 
demonstrate dr.am.atic.ally how fast .a huge 
population could build up when growing 
e:<ponenti3lly. 
1M lo:ng artd the mir\(Ster sol. foro. chess go.me. 1M l<:ing, confo.d.ent 
ofwinnine the 9o.me. wo.s read9 to accept o.ng bet prqposed. b9 the 
mir\(Ster The mir\(Ster Mum~ sai.d. tho!. if he won, he wanted. on!g 
somewheo.t9ra.:n.s, tl\equ.ont.:tg ofwN.d\ .:s to J>eooladatedbgp.a.dn9 
on the chess board. one 9ro.in in Square J, then !wo in Square 2, 
ttvmjoUJ in Sqwu 3, artde;gr>t in Squo.re 4. ond.so on.~ <100\ 
o:me the preoiOus qu.antit9 if u:l\eat on the next square urtliJ. aR. ttte 64 
S<fJIJJ'S were filed. The l<:inO <>:o.pted.tl'te seemnoo Sol/(j bE( artdstmeect 
the 9o.me. rut un1uclolWor1Vm, the J'MU3.er won. The l<:inOJel thatfi.dJ.Birt9 
ORGA!!~M~ A!!O POPUIATIO!i~ 
the m(n.:.Ster's bet uxx.s so easg. He started t.t.Xth a s~l.e 9rain. Gn 
the .first square Md poceeded to foil, the other squares foUow;ng 
miN.Ster's suggest.?d procedure, but bg tl1J? tO'Ile he cooered hoiJ tl1J? 
chess board. the lo:r\9 reai,(Sed to h(S d,(Smag that aJ,t the wheat 
prodJ.J.ced (fl. hi.s entire kln9dom pooled to9ether would stat be 
lno..dequ.ate to cooer o..U the 64 squa.res. now Uti.nk of a t(ng 
Poramecwm stare;ng with just one ;ndi.oi.dual, ond tlvough b;norg 
fo.s:>.m, drubling ;n numbers eoerg dag. at\d <mag;ne u.i\at a m;nd­
boggling pop.dati.m siZe it woutd reach ;n 64 do(js. (pooi.d.ed food 
at\d space rema;n Ul\li.m.ted} 
(u) L<>9istic gro~l>.: No population of any species in nature has its 
disposal w'llimited resources to permit exponential growth. This 
leads to com.petition betlo'.:een indiVidu.als fbr limited resOW"ces. 
Elentu•lly. the 1ittest' indiVidual Will surn 'e 3Jld reprcduce. The 
governments of mmy countries have also realised this fact and 
intrcduced vM'iOus restraints witll..a View to limit hut'I'Wl pcpul.ation 
growth. In nature. a ~'en habitat has enough resources to support 
.a ffi3.Ximurn possible number. be }and which no further growth is 
posSible. Let us call this limit as nature's carrg;ng caproo;tg (K) for 
that species in that habitat. 
A population growing in a habitat With limited resources show 
initially a 1~ phase. li:Jllowed by phases of acceleration and 
deceleration and finally an asymptote. when the population density 
reaches the cart}!ng capacity. A plot of N in relatiOn to tirre (t) 
results in a sig!lDid cune. This type of population growth is called 
Vemwst.PeartLog(Stic Growth (Figure 13.S) and is described by 
the folloWing equation: 
dN/dt = rN(K ~ N) 
Where N =Population density at timet 
r =Intrinsic rate of n.atur.al increase 
K = C3rrying capacity 
Since resources tor growth tor rmst animal populations are finite 
3Jld becorre limiting sooner or later. the logistic growth !lDdel is 
conSirered .a m:re realistic one. 
Gali\er from Gooernment Census data the popf.d.at(OnfotJures 
for lndi.aforthe last JOOgears, p!otthemandched<: u.i'li.d\grouxh 
pattern (S eoi.d.ent. 
13.2.3 Life History Variation 
Fbpul.ations evohe to maXimise tll.eir reprcducti\e fitness . .also called 
03rwinian fitness (high rvolue). in the habitat in which they live. Under 
.a particular set of selection pressures. organisms evd\e tow.atds tll.e nDst 
r 
81010GY 
efficient reprcductive strategy. Serre organisms breed only once in tll.eir 
lifetime (Pacific solmon fish. bomlx:o) while others breed many tirres 
during their lifetirre (most birds mel rroJlnU!s). Sorre pro:!uce a large 
number of smoll-siZed offspring (Oysters. pel~c fishes) while others 
prcduce a smoll number of large-siZed offspnng (birds. marnrnals). So. 
which is desirable for maximising fitness? Ecolo~sts suggest that life 
history traits of orgMtism.s have evolved. in relatiOn to tll.e constraints 
imposed by the abiotic mel biOtic components of the habitat in which 
they ll \e. E\Olu tion of life hi story trOit sin different speCies is currently an 
important area of research being conducted byecologists. 
l ~. 2 ,4. Populatiott ln tel.'a cticns 
can :you think of any natural habitat on earth that isinhabitedjust b:y a 
single species? There is no such habitat .and such .a situation is elen 
inconceiVable. For .any speCies. tll.e minimal requirement is one more 
species on which it em feed.. ENen .a plant speCies. which nWces its 01Ntl. 
fixd.. c.armct SlU"\r1ve3lone; it needs SOil microtes to ~cta»n tll.e crgmic 
matter in SOil and return the inorganic nutrients for absorption. And then. 
how will the plant =age pollination without an animal agent? It is 
obViOus tll.at in nature~ .animals. pl3nts .and microtes do not .and c.armot 
live in isolation but interact in variOus ways to form .a biological 
cornm.Wl.ity. Even in minimal cornm.Wl.ities. mmy interactive link...ages 
eXist. although all rna)-' not be readily apparent. 
InterspeCific interactiOns .arise from. tll.e interaction of populations of 
two different species. 'They could be benefiCial. retrirnental or neutral 
(neither harm nor benefit) to one of the species or both. Assigning a'+' 
sign fbr benefiCial interaction,·-· Si~ for detrirrental and 0 fbr neutral 
interaction. let us look .at .all tll.e possible outcorres of interspeCific 
interactions (Table13.1). 
+ 
+ 
.. 
+ 
Table 13.1 : Population lntemctions 
Species B 
+ 
0 
0 
Name. of Inte:r:action 
Mutu«t<sm 
C«npeb:b:on 
Pred«tCon 
P«rnscu.sm 
.Conm~«tC.Sm 
Amens«tcsm 
Botll. tll.e sp3CieS terefit in trwtuali.sm.and. beth lose in ~npetiti.on in 
their interactions With each other. In both parasitism and Predation cruy 
one speCies benefits (poraSite and predator. respecti,elJ-l and the interaction 
is detrimental to the ollier species (host .and. prey. respectively). 
The interaction where one species is benefitted. and. the other is neitller 
benefitted nor ruu:rned is cruled commensalism. In amensallsm on 
the other h.and. one species is harmed. whereas tll.e other is 
1.Ul.aftectect. Predation. p.ar.asitism.anct commensalisms sh.are .a cornrnJn 
cru.ractenstic- the interacting speCies ll\e closely together. 
(i) Predation: What woul.d happen to a./,~ the ener9g fo.xed bg 
autotrophic or9an(Sms if the commm<tg has no anima.l,s to eat the 
pantS? You can think of predatiOn as nature's way of transferring 
to higher trophic levels the energy fixed bY plants. When we think 
of predator and prey. rmst probably it is the tiger and the deer that 
readily come to our mind. but .a sp.arrow e.ating.any seed. is no less 
a predator. Although animals eating plants are categorised 
separately as herbwores. they are. in a broad ecological context. 
not verydifferentfrompredators. 
Eesid.es .acting .as 'conduits• fbrenergy tr.ansfer .across trophic 
levels. predators play other important roles. They keep prey 
populatiOns Wlder control. But fbr predators. prey speCies could 
.achieve very high populatiOn densities .and. c.ause ecosystem 
instability. When certain er.otic species ..are intrcduced. into .a 
geographical area. they becorre invaSi\e and start spreading fast 
because theinvaredlandctoesnot ha\e its natural predators. The 
prickly pe.ar cactus intro:lucect into Australia in tll.e early t92o•s 
caused havoc bY spreading rapidly into millions of hectares of 
r.angel3.nd.. Fin.ally. the invasive cactus w.as brought Wld.er control 
only after a cactu S·feeding predator (a !lDth) from its natural habitat 
was introduced into the country. S:0!<9(Ca.l,con!Totrre\hods adopted 
in agricultural pest control are based on the ability of the predator 
to regulate prey populatiOn. Predators also help in maint.ming 
species di\ersity in .a cornm.Wl.ity. by reducing tll.e intensity of 
CO!llf"\i\iOn orrong oomf"lingprey species. In the rocky intertidal 
communities of tll.e Arrertcan Pacific 03ast tll.e st.arfish Pi.Saster is 
an imp:.rtant predator. In .a field. expef'if"rent. when .all tll.e starfish 
TA-ere rerrmect fran an enclosed inte:rlidal .area. aae tl'wl 1 0 species 
of invertebrates be cane extinct witll.in .a y-e.ar. because of inter­
Sf!'Cific competition. 
U a predator is too efficient and overexploits its prey. then the 
prey might becorre extinct and following it. the predator Will also 
becorre extinct fbr lack of fixd.. This is tll.e reason why predators in 
nature .are 'prudent>. Prey species h.ave erohed. v.artous retenses to 
lessen the impact of predation. Serre speCies of insects and trogs 
are cryptically.cdoured (oom:><glaged) toavad beingdetectedeasily 
by the predator. Serre are p:>i sonous and therefore aVOired by the 
predators. The Monarch butterflyishighlydistasteful to its predator 
r 
81010GY 
(bird) because of a special chemical present in its body. 
Interestingly. the butterfly acquires this chemical dunng its 
caterpillru- st~e by feeding on a pOisonous weed. 
For plants. herbi\Ores are the predators. Nearly 25 per cent of 
all insects are known to be j:ivJtop!wBou.s (feeding on plant sap 
and other ports of plants). The problem is particularly se,ere fi:Jr 
plmts because. tul.like animals. lliey catUlOl run away from. tll.eir 
predators. Plants therefi:Jre hale evohed an astonishing v.netyof 
morphological and chemical defences ~ainst herbivores. Thorns 
(Acac(a, Cac!us) are the rmst comrron rmrphological rreans of 
defence. Many plants produce and store chemicals that ma1<e the 
herbivore Sick when they are eaten. inhibit feeding or digestion. 
disrupt its reprcduction or e'en kill it. You must have seen tll.e 
weed Calo!Top(SgtoWingin abandoned fields. The plant produces 
highly pOisonous cardiac glycosides and that is why you neler see 
any cattle or goats browSing on this plant. A Wide v.netyof chemical 
substances tllat lol.'e e:.o::tract from. plants on a cornrne:rcial scale 
(nicotine. coifeine. quinine. suychnine. opium. etc .. ) are produced 
by lliem actually as refences against gr.ners md browsers. 
(u) Competition: When Darwin spoke of the struggle fi:Jr "'<is ten ce and 
survival of llie fittest in nature. he was conVinced tll.at interspecific 
com.p3tition is a potent force in orgmic evolution. It is generally 
behe,ed that competition occurs when closely related species 
com.p3te fbr llie same resources tll.at are limiting. but tll.is is not 
entirely true. Firstly. totally unrelated species could also compete 
for tll.e same resource. For instance. in sorre shallow Soutll. 
Arrencan lakes •~siting flamingoes and reSident fishes compete fi:Jr 
their cornrmn food. the zooplankton in the lake. Secondly. 
resources need not be hrniting for competition to occur: in 
interference ~etilion. the feeding et!iciencyof one speCies mght 
be reduced due to the interfering and inhibitory presence of the 
otll.er species. e'iJetl. if resources (fo:d. and space) are abWld.AAt. 
TherefOre. competition is test defined as a process in which tll.e 
fitness of one speCies (rreasured in terms of its <r> tll.e intrinsic rate 
of increase) is sig:nificmtlylo'J.-er in llie presence of mollier species. 
It is relatively easy to demonstrate in laboratory experiments. as 
Gause mdollier expe1"'ir'rent.al ecologists did. when resources are 
limited the competili\ely SUp3rior species will e\entually ehminate 
the ollier species. but eVidence for such competitive exclusion 
occurnngin natwe is not always concluSive. Strong and persuaSive 
circwnstmtial evidence ctces eXist hov.-ever in sorre cases. The 
Abingdon tortoise in Galapagos Islands became elrtinct within a 
decade 3fter goats were intrcduced on llie islmd. apparently due 
to the greater browSingef6Ciencyof the goats. Another evidence fi:Jr 
the occurrence of com.p3tition in nature corres from. what is called 
•competitive relea.se•. A speCies whose distrtbution is restricted to a. 
small geographical orea because of the presence of a competitively 
superior species. is found to expand its distributiOnal range 
dromatically when the competing species is e."f'''rtmentally renmed 
O:>nnell's elegant field "''Perirrents showed that on the rocky sea 
coasts of Soolland. the larger and oompelitively superiOr barnacle 
Balonu.s dominates llie intertid.3l .area.. md excludes llie smaller 
barnacle Chathamalusfrorn that zone. In general. herbivores and 
plants appear to be more adversely affected by competitiOn then 
ca.miVores. 
Gause's 'Conp<(itwe Elcdus(OnPrine(J:i.e ·states that t100 closely 
rela.ted. species competing for llie sa.rre resources c3JU10t co-eXist 
indefinitely and the competitively infenor one Will be eliminated 
e\entu.ally. This may te true if resources .are limiting. but not 
otherwise. More recent studies do not support such gross 
generalisations a tout competition. While they do not rule out the 
occurrence of interspecific competition in nature. lliey pOint out 
that species faCing competition might eml\e mechanisms that 
promote co-e:..:istence ra.llier tl'wl excluSion. One such rrech3.nism 
is •resource pa.rtitionirlt. If two speCies compete for llie sa.rre 
resource. they could aVOid competition by choosing. fbr instance. 
different tirres fer feeding or different fbr~ patterns. MacArthur 
shol<"d that five closely related speCies of warblers lil>lng on the 
sa.rre tree were a.ble to a.VOid. competition. a.nd. co-e:..:ist due to 
behai>IOural differences in their foraging actiVities. 
(ill) P<f.t'asitism: Q:ln.Sirenng llia.t llie pa.ra.sitic mcde of life ensures 
free lodging and rreals. it is not surpnSing that paraSitism has 
evolved in so many taxonomic groups from plants to higher 
vertebrates. Many parasites ha\e evolved to be host-speCific (they 
can parasitise only a Single speCies of host) in such a way that l:oth 
host md. llie pa.ra.Site tend. to co-evolve: tllat is. if llie host erohes 
speci31 rrech3.nism.s tor rejecting or resisting llie pa.ra.site. llie 
pa.ra.site ha.s to erol\e rrech3.rl.ism.s to COW'l.tera.ct md. neutr.alise 
lliem. in orrer to be successful willi llie sa.rre host species. In 
a.ccord.3.nce willi llieir life styles. pa.ra.sites evolved. speci.al 
.ad.a.pt.a.tims such a.s llie loss c1. wmecessa.ry sense orgms. presence 
of adheSive organs or suckers to cling on to the host. loss ofdigesti\e 
system and high reproductive capacity. The life cycles of parasites 
.are ci.ten comple:..:. inrolVing one cc two interrredia.te hosts or vectors 
to faCilitate poraSitisation of its prillWyhost. The human li\er nuke 
(a trematode paraSite) depends on two interrrediate hosts (a snail 
and a fish) to complete its life cycle. The malorial parasite needs a 
\ector (rmsquito) to spread to other hosts. Majority of the paraSites 
r 
81010GY 
harm the host; they may reduce the survival. growth and 
reprcduction of l.he host and reduce its population density. They 
Might tender l.he host rr,:,re llulrMable to predation by nW<il'lg it 
physically ""'ok. Do gou beli.eoe tlut on idea./, parasite stloul.d be 
able to tlvwe witlVn the host without MormiflO W. Then uX1IJ di.dn't 
nai,wa./, se!ed(On lead to the eoo!ut(On of sud\ totallg homiess 
parasiteS? 
P.ar.asites Ulat feed on llie extem.al surf .ace of llie hostorg3Jl.ism 
are collect edoparasites. The most familiar examples of this group 
.are llie lice on hunw1s md. ticks on ctogs. Mmy man.ne fish .are 
infested withectoparaSilic copepcds. Cuscuto. a parasitic plant that 
is ootmuuly found growing on hedg> plants. has lost its chlorophyll 
.and.le.aves in tll.e course of e\Olution. It renves its nutn.uon from. 
the host plmt which it p.ar.aSiUses. The fe:rn3le mosquito is not 
cons ire red. .a p.arasite . .allliough it needs our blo:d. for repm:tuction. 
Can gou explain wlvJ? 
In contr.ast. endopcrr~es .are those Ulat live inside tll.e host 
body at different sites Piver. kidney. lungs. red blocd cells. etc.). 
The life cycles of enctop.ar.asites .are m:re complex bec.ause of tll.eir 
extrerre speCialisation. Their rrorphological and anatomical features 
are greauy SimpWied while emphaSiSing their reproctuclile potenli3!. 
Brood.para.si.ti.smin birds is .a f.ascinatingex.ample of p.ar.aSiUsm 
in which llie p.ar..asitic bird. lays its eggs in tll.e nest of its host md. 
lets llie host incub.ate them.. During tll.e course of e\OluUon. tll.e 
eggs of the paraSitic bird have erohed to resemble the host's egg in 
size and colour to reduce the chances of the host bird detecting the 
foreign eggs and ejecting them from the nest. Try to fOllow the 
mmerrents of the cuckoo (koel) and the crow in your ne;ghborhocd 
pall< dunng the breeding season (spring to sumrrer) and watch 
breed. p.ar.asitism in .action. 
(W) Conun.ensaiistn.: This is llie inter.acuon in which one speCies benefits 
and the other is neither harmed nor benefited. An orchid gDWing 
as an ep:plvJte on a mango branch. and barnacles growing on the 
b.ack of .a wh.ale benefit while neitll.er llie mango tree nor llie wh.ale 
derl\es any apparent benefit. The cattle egret and grazing cattle in 
close assoCiation. a sight you are rmst likely to catch if you llle in 
f.arrred. f\U"'.al .are.as. is .a classic e:...:.ample of commens.alism The 
egrets .always for3l,e close to where tll.e c.attle .are gr3Zing bec.ause 
the cattle. as they move. stir up and flush out from the vegetation 
insects that otherwise Might be difficult a the egrets to find and 
c.atch. Anolliere:~.ampleof comnens.alismis llie inter.action betTA-een 
se.a .anenDne tllat h.as stinging tent..acles md.llie clO'Ntl. fish th..at 
ORGA NISMS A ND f'Of' UlATI ON$ 
(a) (b) 
Figure 13.6 Mutual relationship between fig tree and wasp: (a) Fig flower is pollin ated 
by wasp; (b) Wasp laying eggs in a fig fruit 
lives among them. The fish gets protection from predators which 
stay away from the stinging tentacles. The anemone does not appear 
to derive any benefit by hosting the clown fish. 
(v) Mutualism: This intera ction confers benefits on both the intera ctin g 
species. lich ens repr esent an intimate mutualisti c relationship 
between a fungus and photosynthesising algae or cyan obact eria . 
Similarly , the mycoTThizae are associations between fungi and the 
roo ts of higher plants. The fungi help the plant in the absorption of 
essential nutrients from the soil while the plant in tum provides the 
fungi with energy-yielding carbohydrates . 
The most spectacular and evolutionarily fascinating examples 
of mutualism are found in plant-animal relationship s. Plants need 
the help of animals for pollinating their flowers and dispersing their 
seed s. Animal s obviously have to be paid 'fees' for the services that 
plants expect from them. Plants offer rewar ds or fees in the form of 
pollen and nectar for pollinators and juicy and nutriti ous frui ts for 
seed dispersers. But the mutuall y beneficial syst em should also 
be safeguarded against 'cheater s', for example, animals that try to 
steal nectar witho ut aiding in p ollin ation . Now you can see why 
plan t -animal interactions often invol ve co-evolution of the 
mutuali sts, that is, the evolution s of the flower and its pollina tor 
species are tightly linked with on e another. In many species of fig 
tree s, there is a tight one-to-one relationship with the pollina tor 
species of wasp (Figure 13.6). It means that a given fig species can 
be pollinated only by its 'partner' wasp speci es and no other species . 
The female wasp uses the fruit not only as an oviposition (egg-laying) 
site but uses the devel opin g seed s within the fruit for nourishing 
its larvae. The wasp pollinates the fig inflor escence while searching 
Figure 13.7 Showmg bee a pollinator 
on orchid flower 
I!IOlOGY 
for suitable egg-laying sites. In return for the favour of 
pollination the fig offers the wasp some of its developing 
seeds, as food for the developing wasp larvae. 
Orchids show a bewildering diversity of floral 
patterns many of which have evolved to attract the right 
pollinator insect (bees and bumblebees) and ensure 
guaranteed pollination by it (Figure 13.7). Not all 
orchids offer rewards. 1he Mediterranean orchid Ophrys 
employs 'sexual deceit' to get pollination done by a 
species ofbee. One petal of its flower bears an uncanny 
resemblance to the female of the bee in size, colour and 
markings. 1he male bee is attracted to what it perceives 
as a female, 'pseudocopulates' with the flower, and 
during that process is dusted with pollen from the 
flower. When this same bee 'pseudocopulates' with 
another flower, it transfers pollen to it and thus, 
pollinates the flower. Here you can see how co-evolution 
operates. If the female bee's colour patterns change even 
slightly for any reason during evolution, pollination success will be reduced 
unless the orchid flower co-evolves to maintain the resemblance of its 
petal to the female bee. 
SUMMARY 
As a branch of biology, Ecology is the study of the relationships of 
living organisms with the abiotic (physico-chemical factors) and biotic 
components (other species) of their environment. It is concemed 
with four levels of biological organisation-organisms, populations, 
communities and biomes. 
Temperature, light, water and soil are the most important 
physical factors of the environment to which the organisms are 
adapted in various ways. Maintenance of a constant internal 
environment (homeostasis) by the organisms contributes to optimal 
performance, but only some organisms (regulators) are capable of 
homeostasis in the face of changing external environment. Others 
either partially regulate their internal environment or simply 
conform. A few other species have evolved adaptations to avoid 
unfavourable conditions in space (migration) or in time (aestivation, 
hibemation , and diapause). 
Evolutionary changes through natural selection take place at 
the population level and hence, population ecology is an important 
area of ecology. A population is a group of individuals of a given 
species sharing or competing for similar resources in a defined 
geographical area. Populations have attributes that individual 
organisms do not- birth rates and death rates, sex ratio and age 
Oi~A!(~M\ A!lO POPUI.!.TIO!i~ 
diStribution. 'nle proportion of different ~ g:rovps of m~es ~ 
fom>Jes ln a popula11on lS often ptesonted grapl-4c.Uy as ¥,• pyr orn!d; 
its shape mdicales ~ a population 1S st.ationMy. gtO\'ling or 
decllnlng. 
Ecologtcal eftects of my factors on a populalion Me ge:ner~ly 
re:flected in ils S1ze (popula11on dens:ity). which may be expressed in 
different ways (numbers. b1orMSS. per ora1.t c::ove:r. etc.,) depending 
on ilie spec1es. 
Populations grow tluo'-'8h baths ond lmm>gration ond decllne 
Uuough deaths .md errugra11on. Wl'ml. resources Me unlimited. the 
growtll. is usually exponential but when resources become 
progtesS1,~ly liroiting. U:e growth pattern turns loglsUc. In eiU:er 
case. growth lS ultanately llrnited by the co:rrymg capacity of the 
environment 'nle 1nll1ns1c rate of natur~ 1nCre3.se (~ 1S a me3Sure 
of the Inherent potonlial of a population to grow. 
In nature populations of different. spe::1es in a ~itat do not 11'~ 
in tsola11on but. interact in mmy ways. Depending on U:e outcome. 
iliese inlE:ractions betv.ee:n two species Me di"ssfle-t as competition 
(both Sf"'<''S suffer), preda11on ond po:rostllsm (one beneflls =I the 
oilier suffers). commensalism (one benefits ~ ilie other is 
unaffected). <m~.e:nsalism (one 1S 1\Mmed. otller ~ected) ~ 
mutualism (boUl. spee1es ber.eftt). Predation 1S a -.~ry 1mport..3nl 
process Uuough which lrophic e:ner gy tr a:ns:fer 1S f.zc1litated .md some 
predators telp 1n contro111ng thetr prey populations. Pl.mls ha'" 
evoh~d diverse morphologtcal and chemical defenses ag3inst 
he:rbi,ory. hl. compeUUon tlts presumed Ulat U:e supe:rtor competitor 
el1rrunates U:e inferiOr one (the O:lmpetiU'~ ExclUSion Princ1ple). but. 
mmy closely related species have e-.ol-.e::l ....mous ~s which 
fac1litate ilie1r co-extsteme. Some of ilie most fasctnalillg cases of 
mutualism in nature Me seen in plMat-pollinal.or interactions. 
1--. < F R . ...._ '(' ,....S .... v ·- ( ''!··­·-/\.- ' ·-" !v ·-
1. How is diapause diffe:re:nt from hibernation? 
2. If a mMine 6sh is placed in a fresh water aquMium. will the fish be 
able to sUIVi\e?Whyor why not? 
3. Nine phenotypic adaptation. Gi"' one"'""' p1e. 
4. Most livingor@llismscal'mOl survive at te:rnperature above4SOC. How 
Me some microbes able to live in habitats with temperatures e::roeeding 
IOO'C? 
5. List the attrtbutes that populations but not in.diuiduals possess. 
6. If a population growing e>:pone:ntially double in size in 3 ~Ms. what is 
the intrinsic rate of increase (r) of the population? 
7. l'bme import..3nt defence mechMlisms in pl.cm1s against he:rbiwry. 
r 
81010GY 
8. .An orchid pl3nt is growing on the br.cmch of ~o tree. How do :sou 
describe this inter .action between the orchid ~the m~ tree? 
9. Wh::..ti s\M ""ologi.e:.l priMipJ. h>hir~ \M biologle:J <Ol\lrol rMtl-"d of 
m~ with pest insectS? 
10. Distinguish betW<en tM fOllowing: 
(aJ Hibernation~ P..estivation 
(b) Eotothorm s >nd E:Mothorm s 
11. Write a short note on 
(aJ P.daptations of desert pbnts ~ ~als 
(b) P.daptations of pl3nts to water scaroity 
(c) Behavioural ad.a.ptations in ~als 
(d) lmportonce of light to pl>nts 
(e) Effect of te:rn pe:r ature or water sCMcity ~the a.daptailinsof ~s. 
12. List the v.Mious abiotic e:nvironrn.e:ntal factors. 
13. Gi\e ~lHV.Mnple for: 
(a) An ondo\Mrmic or.imal 
(b) .An ectothermic ~al 
(c) .An org~sm of benthic zone 
14. De:&ne population .and community. 
15. De:&ne the fOllowing terms~ ~ve one E:%Mnple fOr each: 
(aJ Comrn.e:nsalism 
(b) P~n.siti sm 
(c) Comoufl>ge 
(d) Mutualism 
(e) Inter specific corn petition 
16. With the help of suitable diagram describe the logistic population 
growth curve. 
17. Select the statement which e~s best p~nsitism. 
(aJ Oneorg~sm isbe:nefi.ted. 
(b) Both theorgM!ismsMe benefited. 
(c) Oneor@llism is bene:& ted. other is rot ~ected. 
(d) One or@llism is bene:&ted. other is .3ffected. 
18. List .my three imp:~rt.<mt chMacte:ristics of a population~ e>:plml.. 
CHAPTER 14 
ECOSYSTEM 
14.1 Ecosy.steTI"t-S~Me 
ond.P't..o-l.ction. 
14.3 Dec~osttion. 
14.4 En.ergyFtow 
J 4. 7 Nutrjent Cyc~"<< 
14.8 Ecosy.stem.Serotoes 
An ecosystem can be Visu.alisect .as .a funct.ion3.1 Wl.it of 
nat we. where ll>~ng org>ni sms interact om:>ng themsehes 
ond also With the surrounding physical enlolrorurent. 
Eoosystem v.nes greatly in size from a small pond to a 
!Mge !brest or a sea. Many ecologists reg.ro the entire 
biOsphere as a global eoosystem. as a compoSite of all 
local ecosystems on E3.rth. Since tll.is system is too much 
big .mct cornple:...: to be studied. .at me tirre. it is em \enient 
to diVide it into two basic categories. n.amely tll.e 
telTesU1al and the aquatic. Forest.§'asslond ondctesert 
are sorre e>:amples of terrestnal ecosystems: pond. lake. 
v>etl3.nct. n \er .and.estU3.ty .are sorre e:...:.amples ot .aquatic 
ecosystems. Crop fields and an aquortwn may also be 
conSirered .as man-made ecosystems. 
We will first look at the structure of the ecosystem. in 
order to appreCiate the input (prcduc\iVity). transfer of 
energy (food chain/ ~A, b. nutrient cycling) ond the output 
(c\e§'ads\ion ond energy loss). We Will also look at the 
relationships -cycles. ch3.ins. v>ebs-tll..at .are created .as 
a result of t.hese energy Oows williin llie system. .mct llieir 
inter. relationship. 
r 
810l0GY 
14. 1 fkosYS1~:M - S-rrrt>:>TIJRE -'"''T> F'<JNCTION 
In chapter 13. you ha\e looked at the variOus cornpooents of the 
enVironment- abiOtic and biOtic. You studied how the indiVidual biOtic 
and abiOtic factors o!fectedeachother and their sunoundin& Let us look 
.at lliese cornp::111ents in .a aae integrated nwuler .and see how llie flow of 
energy l3kes place witl'lin lliese components of the ecosystem.. 
Interaction of biOtic .and .abiOtic components result in .a physical 
structure that is characteristic for each type of ecosystem Ictenlific.ation 
.and. enurrer.ation of pl...ant .and. .mim.al species of .m ecosystem gives its 
species composition. Vertical distribution of different species occupying 
different levels is called stiatUicaUon. For «<ample. trees occupy top 
vertical strata or layer o:t a fOrest. shrubs the second and herbs and grasses 
occupy the bottom layers. 
The com.p:111ents of tll.e ecosystem. .are seen tofWl.ction .as .a Wlit when 
you coosider the fOllowing aspects: 
(i) Froducti\oity. 
(u) [)>composition; 
(iii) Energy now: and 
(i\oj Nutrient cycling. 
To Wl.derst.and. llie ellios of .an .aquatic ecosystem let us l3ke .a small 
pond as an e""mple. This is fairly a self -su stomable Wlit and rather simple 
example that explom even the complex interactions that eXist in an aquatic 
ecosystem A pond. is .a shallow water bcdy in which .all llie .above 
mentiOned. fbur baSic components of .m ecosystem .are well e::dl.ibited.. 
The .abiOtic com.p:111ent is llie water witll. .all tll.edissolved inorganic .md. 
organic substances and the rich sOil deposit at the bottom of the pond. 
The solar input. the cycle of temperature. day-length and other climatic 
conditions regulate the rate of function of the entire pond. The au tctrophic 
components include the phytoplankton. some algae and the floating. 
submerged and marginal plants round at the edges. The coosumers are 
represented by the =planktoo. the free swimming and bottom dwelling 
forms. The deoomposers are the ftmgi. bactenaand flagellates espeCially 
abundant in the bottomof the pond This systemperronns all the functions 
of .any ecosystem .and. of tll.e biosphere .as .a whole. i.e .. comersion of 
inorganic into organic material with the help of the radiant energy of the 
sun by the autotrophs; oonsumption of the autotrophs byhelerotrophs; 
decomposition and mineralisation of the dead matter to release them back 
for reuse by llie .au totrophs. tll.ese event .are repeated over .and over .again. 
There is unidirectional movement of energy towards the higher trophic 
levels .and its dissipation .and. loss .as he .at to llie enVirOnrl'ent. 
14.2. PRODUCTr./1~'!( 
A oonstant input of solar energy is the baSic requirement fer anyeoosystem 
to function and sustom. PllmaiY p:-oduct.ton is defined as the amount of 
ECO~V~TEM 
biomass or org.aruc matter prcduced per unit .are .a over .a tirre peried. by 
plonts dunng photosynthesis. It is •"Pressed in terms of weight rg "lor 
energy (ltc~ m"). The rate of biomass pro:!uction is c~d productivity. 
It is expressed in terms of g-> yr-> or (ltcal m·") yr-> to compore the 
productiVity of different ecosystems. It can be diVided into gross pnnwy 
produc\i~ty (GPP) ond net pnnwy productiVity (NF'Fl. Gross prtmazy 
productlvlty of on ecosystem is the rate of produ c\ion of org;>nic matter 
during photosyntheSis. A considerable amount of GA> is utilised bY plants 
in respiratiOn. Gross pnnwy productiVity minus respiration losses (R). 
is the net prtmazy productlvlty (NA>). 
GPP-R= NPP 
Net pnnwy productiVity is the availi>ble biomass fbr the consumption 
to heterotrophs (herbiViOres and decomposers). Seconduy productivity 
is defined. .as the r.ate of formation of new organic m.atter by 
consurrers. 
Prinwy productiVity depends on the pion\ species inhabiting a 
particular area. It also depends on a ""nety of enVironmental factors. 
avoili>bili tyof nutrients ond photosynthetic capacity of plants. TherefOre. 
it v.artes in different types of ecosystems. The 3.1Ul.u.al net pl"i1'nary 
produc\i~ty of the whole biOsphere is appro':irnately 170 billiOn tons 
(ctry weight) of orgmic matter. Of this. despite occupying about 70 per 
cent of the surface. the productiVity of the oceons are only 55 billion tons. 
Rest of course. is on l.and.. DLscu.ss the ma.:n. reason for the tow 
produ.dWitg of oceon UAth gow eerool'ler. 
14. 3 D.e~"'r~wcsn'1oN· 
You may have heard of the earthv.orm being referred to as the farmer's 
'friend'. 1hi sis so because they help in the breokdown of complex or gonic 
matter .as lo'.:ell.as in loosel'ling of llie SOil. Simil.arly. decomposers break 
cblNil. compte:..: org.aruc matter into inorganic subst.mces like c.arOOn 
di.o:-:ide. w.ater and. nutrients .and.llie process is called decomposltlon. 
Dead plant re:rn.ains such .as leaves. b.ark. Oowers and dead remains of 
animals. including fecal matter. constitute detrttus. which is llie raw 
material fbr decomposition. The important steps in tll.e process of 
decomposition are f~ntation.leaching. catabolism. humification and 
mineralisation. 
Detr!Uvores(e.g .• ear\hwcrm) breokdc:mn de\11\us into srnall>rparticles. 
This process is called fiagmentaUon. By the process of leaching. water­
soluble inorg;>ruc nutnentsgocbwn into the SOil horUon and get preCipitated 
as unavoili>ble salts. Bacterial and fung;>l enzymes degrade de\11\us into 
Simpler inOI"g.anic substances. This process is called ascatabo:USm. 
It is imp:>rtant to note \he\ all the abme steps in decompoSition operate 
simultaneously on the de\11\us (Figure 14.1). Humifica\ion ond 
mineralisation occur during decompoSition in the SOil. HwnlflcaUon leads 
r 
Leaves partially consumed 
by decomposers such as fungi 
Some are eaten 
by lnsec1:s and other 
animals. Nutrients and 
.. cnc<gy..-fuodwob . 
------. · ""'""·~ 
A green leaf falls 
to the ground 
BIOLOGY 
and bacteria. They begin to 
lose form and become littei: ·-· -;....r"""""-~ Some nutrients leach 
into soU by 
chemical action 
Figure 14.1 Diagramma tic repr esentation of decom position cycle in a terrestrial ecos ystem 
to accumulation of a dark colour ed amorphous substance called humus 
that is highl y resistant to microbial action a nd und ergoes decompositi on 
at an extrem ely slow rate. Bein g colloidal in natur e it serves as a reser voir 
of nutrients . The humus is furthff degraded by some microbes and rele ase 
of inorganic nutrients occur by the proc ess known as mineralisation. 
Decomposition is largely an oxygen-requiring process. The rate of 
decompositi on is controlled by c hemi cal composition of detritus and 
climatic fact ors . In a particular climatic condition . decomposition r ate 
is slower if detritus is rich in lignin and chiti n, and quicker, if detritus is 
rich in nitro gen and water -solub le substances like sugars . Temperatur e 
and soil moisture are the most important climati c fa ctors that regul ate 
deco mpositi on through their effec ts on the acti vities of soil microb es. 
Warm and moist envir onmen t favour decomp osit ion whereas low 
temperatur e a nd ana ero biosi s inhibit decomposition resulting in build 
up of organic materials. 
ECO~V~TEM 
14.4 ~:l'mRGY l'l.O\V 
Except for the deep sea hJ-<lro-thermal eoosystem. stm is the ooly source 
of energy fbr all ecosystems on Earth. Of the inCident solar radiation less 
than 50 per cent of it is photosyntheUcally active radiation (PAR). We 
know that plants and photosynthetic and chemosynthetic bacteria 
(autotrophs). 6x suns' radiant energy tomoke b:d from simple inorgmic 
materials. Plants capture ooly 2-10 per cent of the PAR and this small 
orrount of energy sustoms theenlirell>~ng "orld So. i\is \eryimportant 
to know how the solar energy captured by plants 11ows through different 
orgonisms of an eoosystem All orgonisms are dependent for their food 
on producers. eitherdirecUyor indirectly. So you lind Wlidirecli0113.1 Oow 
of energy from. tll.e SWl. to prcducers .and. Olen to consurrers. Is tl\i.s (n 
l<kepif>O UAth the forst law of therm>diJnom<cs? 
Further. ecosystems a.re not e:v.empt from tll.e Second. Law of 
therm:xlyn>rnics. They need a constant supply of energy to synthesise 
the rrolecules they require. to counteract the uniVersal tendency toward 
incre a. sing d.isorderhne ss. 
The green plant in the eoosystem-terminology are called producets. 
hl. a. terrest.r"i3.1 ecosystem. nujor prcducers are herba.ceous .and. wo:dy 
plants. Ukewise. prifi"W'yprcducers in an .aqua.lic ecosystem. are vM'iOus 
speCies like phytoplankton. algae and higher plants. 
You have react about the b:d ch~s and >~e bs that eO!\ in nature. 
Starting from the plants (or producers) b:d chains or rather ""bs are 
fbrrred such that an ani mol feeds on a plant or on another ani mol and in 
tum is fixd. fbr .motll.er. The ch3.in or web is formed teca.use of this 
intetrepenctency. No energy tl13.t is tra.ppect into .an org3Jl.ism remains in 
it for eler. The energy tra.pped by llie pro:tucer. hence. is eillier pa.ssed on 
to a. consurreror llie orga.rusmd.ies. Dea.tll. of organism is llie begirul.ing 
ofthedelrttusmd c~/web. 
Allmimols depend on plants (directly or indirectly) fbr their b:d needs. 
They are hence calledconsumeiSandalso heterotrophs. Iftheyfeedon 
the producers. the plants. they are called pnnwy conswners. and ii the 
mimols eat other mimols which in tum eat the plants (or their produce) 
lliey a.re called second.3.ry consurrers. U.kewise. $OU could. h3.ve terti.aty 
consurrers too. ObViOusly llie prir11ary consurrers Will te herbivores. 
Serre corrunJn herbivores .a.re insects. birds a.nct m3.n'll'"l13.ls in terrestri3.1 
ecosystem .and. m:dluscs in .aqua.lic ecosystem 
The conswners tl13.t feed. on lliese herbivores .are ca.rnivores. or m::re 
oorrectly prtmaJY carnivores (though secondary consurrers). Those 
animo.ls that depend on the primary cami\Ores for b:d are labelled 
secondary carnivores. A simple grOZing b:d cho.in (GFC) is depicted 
below: 
Gra.ss:.. ____ ...,. Cba.t-----• Ma.n-----+ 
(Producer) (Primary Consurrerj (Secondaryconswner) 
r 
810l0GY 
The detritus rood chain (DFC) beg;ns with dead org.ruc matter. Ills 
made up of decomposeiS which •re heterotrophic orgmisms. mainly 
ftmgi ~ bactella. They !'l'eet theirerM&JI ar.d hul1\Efit re:JUirefl'*'hts by 
degrading dead. orgmic matter or detritus. These .are .also knO'Ntl. .as 
saprotrophs (sopro: to decompose). Decomposers secrete digestive 
enzyrres thet breokcbwndead ~waste materials into Simple. inorg>nic 
matenals. which are subsequently •bsorbed by them 
In .an .aqu.atic ecosystem. GFCis llie major conduit tbr energy flow. 
As •gatnst this. in • terrestnal eoosystem • nruch larger fraction of energy 
flows through the detritus fcx:d chom then through the GFC. Detritus 
fcx:d chain may be connected With the grozmg b:d chom •t sorre lelels: 
scrre of the org.rusms ofDFC are prey to the GFC onimals. •rd in • natural 
ecosystem. sorre .animals like cockro.aches. crows. etc .. .are omniVores. 
These n.atur.al interconnection offo:d. ch.ains make it .a food web. How 
woul.d gou. da.ssifg human beings! 
Orgmisms occupy .a place in llie n.atur.al surroWl.dings or in .a 
cornrrunity •ccording to their feedingrel•tionship With otherorg.rusms. 
&sed. on llie source of their nutrition cc fixd. org.anisms occupy .a speCific 
place in the fcx:d chom thetis known •s their trophic level. ROO.ucers 
belong to the first trophic lelel. herbi\Ores (primacy oonsurrerj to the 
seoond md carnivores (seoondaty consumer) to the third (Figure 14. 2). 
t 
t 
t 
Z ;Jm)tm &r1'Hb &1!1 
...Sa:« 
Figw:e 14.2 DtagrMnma11c representation of trophic te-.ets 1n .em ecosystem 
ECO~V~TEM 
The imp:~rtant pOint to note is tll.at tll.e mDU.ntof energy recreases at 
succesSi\e trophic le\els. When any orgmism dies it is converted to 
cl311\tusordead l:liormss that senesas :menergy source lbrdeCDfll!XJSers. 
Orgonisms at each trophic lelel depend on those at the lol<>>r trophic level 
liJr their energy demands. 
Each trophic level has a certain mass of llVingrnaten.l at a particu!M 
tirre called as the standing crop. The st:mdingcrop is measured as the 
mass of liVingorgmisms (biomass) or the number in a Wl.it area. The 
biOI'nass of a species is expressed. in terms of fresh or ruy ,,1:eight. 
Measurement of biomass in terms of ctryweight is more accurate. TNhg? 
Then wnber of trophic levels in the groz;ng b:xl chain is restricted as 
the transfer of energy follows I 0 per cent law- ooly I 0 per cent of the 
energy is transferred to each trophic level from the lol<"r trophic level. In 
nature. it is p:lSSible to have so mmyle\els- pro:tucer. herbivore. pri1"I'W'y 
carnivore. secondary camimre in the groz;ng tocxl chain (Figure 14.3) . 
Do gou tNnl< !Mre <s ang sud\ li.mitat(On in a detntus food d\ain? 
You rrust be familiar with the shape of a pyramid. The base of a pyramid 
is broad and. it narrows dcNJn at tll.e apex. One ~ts a similar shape. 
whetll.er }OU express tll.e fo:d.orenergy relationship bet'-1.-een organisms 
247 
r 
810l0GY 
.at different trophic le'>el Thus. relationship is expressed in terms of 
number. biOmass or energy. The base of each pyramid represents tll.e 
pro:lucers or the first trophic level while the apex represents \ertia!JI or 
top le\el conswrer. The three eoological pJ-rornids that are uSU3lly studied 
are (a) pyramid of nwnber; (b) pyramid of biOmass and (c) pyromid of 
energy. For retail (see Fi~re 14.4 a, b. c and d). 
Is z?' lRwl W ' eft 57 W'le 
PC~«m~·~=~~~r-__ _j ________ _l __ __, 
s 
3.54,000 
70.11, 000 
6.34:1,000 
Fig,"W:e 14.4 (a) PyrMnid of numbers 1n a grasst.md ecosystem. Only Uuee top-canuwres Me 
supported 1n .em ecosystem ba:sa::l on production of ne.Ml}' 6 mil11ons pl3nt.s 
n: :•·-~ 
IJC 
PC 
pp 
1.1!1 
11 
37 
-
Fi&.,_ 14.4 (b) PyrM<Iid ol b1ornoss shows a shorp decoeose ln b1ornoss at hJ8her trophic te.els 
PC ._I --r----;---1 :u 
FP .. ._I _ _,I 4 
liia-ure 14.4 (c) lm«l»:: pyrM<Iid ol b1ornoss-srnall st.mdlng e<op of phytopl>nkton supports !arb" 
stordlng e<op ol zoopl=kton 
ECO~V~TEM 
l()J 
100.:1 
1000.:1 
10,000.:1 
Fig,"Ure 14.4 (d) 1<n ide~ pyrMO!d of e:nerg}'. Obse:r.e that pnma:ry prcduoers comE:rt only 1% of 
ilie energy 1n Ule s1.&'llight avaslable to U:em into NPP 
Any calculations of energy content. biOmass. or numbers has to 
inclure oll orgonisms at that trophic level. No generalisations ""' make 
Will be true if'"' take only a few indiViduols at my trophic level into 
acoount. Also a given orgonismmayoccupymore thm one trophic level 
Sim.U taneou sly. One rru st remember that the trophic level represents a 
func\iono.llevel. not a species as such. A given species mayoccupyrrore 
thm one trophic level in the sorre ecosystem at the sorre \irre; fOr exornple. 
a sparrow is a prtnury consurrer when it eats seeds. fruits. peas. and. a 
secondary consurrer when it eats insects and '-I.'OrffiS. can. gouwork out 
Mow mong !Topuc !eoel.s 1w.m:rn beings Junction at in a. food. d\ain? 
In rmst eoosystems. all the pyromids. of nwnber. of energy and 
biomass are upright. i.e .. prcducers are m::re in nurn.ter and biomass 
tl'wl tll.e herbi\Ores. and. herbi\Ores are m::re in nurn.ter and biomass 
tl'wl the cami\Ores. Also energy at a lov.-er trophic lelel is always m::re 
thm at a higher level. 
There are e:..:ceptions to tll.is gene~lisation: It you '-l.'ere to cOWl.t llie 
nwnber of in sects feeding on a big tree what kind of pyromid would you 
g.t? Now add an estimate of the number of srnoll birds depending on the 
insects. as also llie number of larger birds eating llie smaller. Draw llie 
shape you would get. 
The pyramid. of biomass in sea is alsogener.illyin\erted because llie 
biomass of fishes f3r e:<ceeds that of phJ-toplank\on. Isn't that a.parod.ox? 
How woul.d. gou explain tlV.s? 
Pyramid of energy is always u prtght. can neler te inverted.. tecause 
when energy flows from a particular trophic le1el to the next trophic level, 
some energy is olways lost as heat at each step. Each bar in the energy 
pyromd indicates the armunt of energy present at each trophic le1el in a 
given tirreor onnuallyper unit area. 
24' 
r 
810l0GY 
HCN.-ever. tll.ere .are cert.ain limitations of ecological p}'I".amids such .as 
it d:es not take into .account tll.e s.arre species belon~ng to two or more 
trophic levels. It •ssurres • simple fO:rl cho.in. sorrelhing that •lrros\ 
never e:..:ists in nature~ it ctces not .accomm:d..ate .a fo:d. web. Moreover. 
s•prophytes ore not g;ven anyplace in ecolog;cal pyramids even though 
they play •>~W role in the ecosystem 
You h•ve learnt in Ch•pter 13. the chor•cteristics of population and 
community md. .also their response to enVironment .and. how such 
resf011seSV3.fYfrom.an indiVidual resp:lll.Se. Let usex.amine.ai'Dllier.aspect 
of cornrnwutyresponse to enwonaentover time. 
An irnportmt ch.ar..acteristic of .all communities is tll..at compoSition 
.and. structure constantly change in response to tll.e changing 
enl-lronmental conditions. This cha"fl' is otcterty and sequential. parallel 
with the changes in the physicalenVironrrent. These chang.s lead finally 
to .a commwl.ity tll.at is in near equilibrium With tll.e en\r1ronrrent and. 
th•t is called •cllma>e community. The gractu•l and fairly predictable 
change in tll.e speCies compoSition of .a given .area is called. ecological 
succession. DUf'ir'lg succesSion sorre species colonise .an .area .and. tll.eir 
populations teoorre rrore nwrerous. whereas pcpula\ions of other SJECieS 
de c1 ine .and. elen d.is.a ppe ar. 
The entire sequence of cornm.Wlities that successively change in .a 
g;ven ore• ore called sere(s). The indil-ldual transitional oomrruni\ies ore 
terrred. ser.al stages or ser.al cornmwl.ities. hl. tll.e succesSile seral stages 
tll.ere is .a chan~ in llie d.ilerSity of speCies of organisms. increase in the 
nurnter c1. speCies .and organisms .as well .as 311 inCrease in tll.e tot.a1 bia'nass. 
The present ctay cornmwl.ities in tll.e world. have come tote because 
of succession tll.at has occurred. over millions of years Since life started. on 
earth. Actually succesSion and. evolution would. have been parallel 
processes .at tll.at tirre. 
Succession is hence .a process tll.at starts where no liVing orgMtism.s 
.are tll.ere- tll.ese could be .areas where no li\r1ng organisms ever eXisted.. 
s•y bore rock: or in ore as that somehow .lost .U the li>~ng organisms that 
eXisted lliere. The former is called. prtmary succesSion. while tll.e latter is 
terrred. secondary succesSion. 
&v..amples of .areas where pf'ir'I'Wy succesSiOn occurs .are newly cooled. 
l.av.a. bare rock. newly created pond. or reservoir. The establishment of .a 
new biotic community is gener.ally slow. Before .a biOtic cornrnwuty of 
di\erse organisms can teoorre established. there rrust be SOil. Depending 
rmstlyon the climate. it W<es natural processes several hundred to seleral 
thousand years to pro:luce fertile SOil on bore rock. 
ECO~V~TEM 
Second.3.ry succession begins in .are.as where n.atur.al biotic 
commwl.ities ha\e been destroyed. such .as in .abancbned f.arm lands. 
burned or cut forests. lmds that have been floored. Since sorre soil or 
sed.irrent is present. successiOn is f.aster tl'wl prtnwy succesSion. 
Description of ecolo~c.al succesSion usu.ally focuses on ch.anges in 
\egetalion. However. these \egetali0113.1 changes in turn o!fect fOOd •nct 
shelter for vM'iOus types of .animals. Thus • .as successiOn proceeds. the 
nurnters .and. types of .anim.als .and decomposers .also ch.ange. 
At .any time d.urtng pl"irnary or seconct.ary successiOn. natur.al or 
hUI'I'Wl induced. disturbances (fire. retorest.atiOn. etc.). c.an convert .a 
p.articul.ar ser.al st.age of successiOn to .an e.arher stage. Also such 
disturbances create new conditions tllat encourage sorre speCies .and. 
discOU!'.age oreliminateotller speCies. 
14.6.l Succession of Plants 
&sed. on llie nature of llie habitat- whetller it is water (or very v,:et .are .as) 
orit is on \eryctry .are .as- successiOn of plants is c.alled. h}dr.achor xer.arch. 
respectively. Hydraroh succession l3kes place in v.:etter .are .as and. the 
succesSion3l senesprogress from h)drtc totherreSic oondilions. As>gomst 
tll.is. xeraroh succession l3kes place in dry .are .as .and.llie sertes progress 
from xeric to rresic conditions. Hence. both hyctr.arch .and. xer.ach 
succesSions le.ad. to medium water conditions (rt'esic) - neillier too dry 
(xeric) nor too wet (h)drtc). 
The species tllat inv3de .a bare .are .a .are c.alled. pioneer species. hl. 
primary successiOn on rocks lliese .are usu.allyhchens which .are .able to 
secrete •cids to dissolve rock. helping in we•thertng and sOil formation. 
These later p•ve way to sorre very sm3ll plants like bryophytes. which 
are •ble to take hold in the sm3ll •rmunt of sOil. They •re. With lirre. 
succeeded by bigger plants. •nct oiler sever•! rrore stages. ultimately • 
stable clim3x fOrest cornrrunity is rorrred The climax cornrrunity remoms 
st•ble •s long •s the enVironment remains unchanged With lirre the 
xerophyli c habit•t gets oomerted into • mesophylic one. 
In primary succession in water. tll.e pioneers .are the sm.all 
phytoplmktons. they •re replaced with lirre by free-floating ongiesperms. 
then by rooted hyctrophytes. seclges. gr•sses and finally the trees. The 
climax .ag.ain would. be .a forest. With tirre llie w.ater tocty is comerted. 
into land (Figure 14.5). 
In secondary successiOn tll.e species tllat inv3de depend. on the 
condition of llie sOil. .availability of water. llie enVironment .as .also the 
seeds or other propagules present. Since sOil is already there. therateof 
successiOn is much faster .and hence. climax is .also re.ached. m:re quickly. 
Wh.at is import.mt to understand. is tll..at succesSion. p.articularty 
primary successiOn. is .a very slow process. laking mayte tll.ous.and.s of 
2$1 
r 
- - -
·212 
Phytoplankton 
Submerged plant stage 
Submerged free floating 
plant stage 
Forest 
Reed-swamp stage 
Marsh-meadow stage 
Scrub stage 
Figure 14 .5 Diagramatic representati on of primary succ essio n 
BIOLOGY 
years for the climax to be reached. Another important fact is to understand 
tha t all successi on whether taking place in water or on land , proceeds to 
a similar climax comm unity - the mesic. 
ECOSYSTEM 
You have studi ed in Class XI that organisms need a constant supply of 
nutrients to grow, reproduce and regul ate vari ous body functions. The 
amount of nutrients , such as carbo n, nitrogen, phosphorus, calcium, etc., 
present in the soil at any given time, is referred to as the standing state . It 
varie s in different kinds of ecosyst ems and also on a seasonal basis. 
What is important is to appreciate that nutrients which are never lost 
from the ecosy stem s, they are recycled tim e and again indefinitely. The 
movement of nutrient elements through the various comp onents of an 
ecosystem is called nutrient cycling. Another name of nutrie nt cycling 
is biogeochemical cycl es (bio: living organism , geo : rock s, air, water). 
Nutri ent cycles are of two types: (a) gaseous and (b) sedimentary. The 
Photosynthesis 
(terrestrial food ch.a1ns) 
\ 
Photosynthesis -b----:--:------:,...._ .. 
(aquatic food 
cb,ains) 
C02 1n '~'t""""'-· water · -· .· 
Burning of forests 
fuelwood and 
organic debris 
/ 
,;.iJ 
""·lt_.! ~ ~ ,, ., "' 
Combustion of fossfl 
fuels for vehicels, 
electricity and heat 
Coal 
Figure 14.6 Simplified model of carbon cycle in the biosphere 
reservoir for gaseous type of nutrient cycle (e.g., nitrogen, carbon cycle) 
exist s in the atmosphere and for the sedimentary cycle (e.g., sulphur and 
phosphorus cycle), the reservoir is locat ed in Earth 's crust. Environmental 
factors, e.g., soil, moisture, pH, temperaturer etc., regulat e the rate of 
release of nutrients into the atmosphere. The function of the reservoir is 
810l0GY 
to m::et witll.llie deficit which occurs due toimbal3nce in llie rate c1. influx 
.anctemux. 
You have 1'IWle a deW!ed study of r.ittogE<'I tycle il'l tlassXI. Here we 
discuss carbon ond phosphorus cycles. 
l4.7 .l (;)cooystem - Cal· bon C.yclf' 
When you study the oomp::>Silion of liVing otgmisms. carbon constitutes 
49 per cent of dry weight of orgmisms and is next only to water. If'"' 
look at the totalqumlity of global carbon."" find that 71 per cent carbon 
is fOWld.dissol\ed in oceans. Th.is oce.aruc reservoir re~lates llie 3.ITOU.nt 
of carbon dioXide in the atrrosphere (Figure 14. 6). Do gou mow that the 
at,.,spl"oere onl9 contains a.fx>ut !per cent qf total. g!olxr.l. corbon? 
Fossil fuel .also represent .a reservoir of c.arton. G.arbon cycling occurs 
through atmosphere. ocean ond through liVing ond dead orgmisms. 
According to one estim..ate 4x 1 013 k.gof c.arOOn is fiXed in llie biOsphere 
through photosynthesis mnually. A conSiderable arrount of carbon 
returns to the atrrosphere as CO • through respiratory acti~lies of the 
prcducers .and consuners. Decom.p:.sers .also contribute substanti.ally 
to CO • pool by their processing of waste materials ond dead otgonic matter 
of land or oceans. Sorr:e 3.ITOU.nt of llie fiXed c.arOOn is lost to sediments 
ond rerroved from cirCulation. fuming of v.o::d, fOrest fire ond oombuslion 
of org3Jlic matter. fossil fuel. volc.anic .actiVity .are ..ad.dition.al sources fbr 
releaSing C02 in the atmosphere. 
Hurnm actiViliesha1e s;gn;JicmUyinfluenced the carbon cycle. Rapid 
defOrestation ond masSi1e burning of fosSil fuel fOr energy ond trmsp:rt 
h..a\e Si§l.ific.antly incre.asedllie r.ate of rele.ase of c.arbon dio.Xid.e intotll.e 
atrrosphere (see greenhouse effect in Chapter 16). 
14.'/.2 E<'osystem -Phosphorus Cyd" 
Phosphorus is .a major constituent ofbiOlogic.al membranes. nucleic ..acids 
and cellular energy trmsfer systems. Many onimo.ls also need large 
quantities of tll.is elerrent to nWte shells. bones and teetll.. The n..atur.al 
reservoir of phosphorus iS rock. which contains phosphorus in the fOrm 
of phosph..ates. When rocks .are lo'.:e.athered. minute .arrounts of lliese 
phosphates dissolve in sOil solution and are absorbed by the roots of the 
plants (Figure 14. 7J. Herbirores and ollier .animals obt.ain tll.is elemmt 
from plants. The waste products md the dead organisms are decomposed 
byphosphate.solubiliSing bacteria releasing phosphorus. Unlike carbon 
cycle. there is no respiratory release of phosphorus into atrrosphere. Can 
gou differenti.ate Ntween the cor bon and. the pl'losph«us cgde? 
The ollier t'-1.'0 m.ajor .and. import..mt differences bet'-1.-een c.arbon and 
phosphorus cycle ore firstly. atmospheric inputs of phosphorus through 
r.aintall .are much smaller tll.an c.arOOn inputs . .and.. secondly. gaseous 
fCOW~TfM 
I 
·~' ' I ' ti •·· I 
..-.~ .. 
~a.JI 
~--,;, ~~ 
D dlri• 
···-,r~!iii' up-
~ .. 
-.........-· • Ill .. 
Figlue 14.7 A stm~cl mocl<tl ol ph>sph>rus cyc hng 1n a wrestzul 
ecosystem 
exchanges of phosphorus between organis m and enVirorurent are 
negli~ble. 
14.8 IDcosrs·u-.M Sm<VlCt:1S 
Healthy ecosystem s ~e the b ~se for a wide range of economic. 
enVironment31 and •esthetic goods and services. The products of 
ecosystem processes .are ~~d as ecosystem services. for example. 
he31thy forest ecosystems purify all" and water. rniUgate droughts and 
fioods, cycle nutri ents. generate ferUle soils. proVide wilctlife habitat. 
maintain biocliversity. pollinate crops. proVide storage site far carbon 
and 3l.,proVicle .. stheUc. cultur31 and spiritual w.lues. Though v31ue 
of such services of bicdiverslty is difficult to determine. it seems 
reasonable to think that biOcliverslty shou ld carry a hefty price tag. 
Robert Con stanza and his colleagues have very recently tried to 
put price tags on nature's life.support services. Researchers ha'\e put 
an aver3,ge pri ce tagot US S 33 trilUon a year on the se fundamental 
ecosystems serVices. which are largely taken tor granted because they 
are free. This is nearJy twice the v31ue of the global gross national 
product GNP which IS (US S 18 trilllon) . 
Out a the totO! cost of various ecosystem serVices. the SOil 
ilrmatim accounts ilr about 60 per <enL and oontnbulions rt ctber 
serVices like recreaUa1 anct nutrient cycling. are less than I 0 per 
cent each . The cost a climate regulalia! and habitat m Wilctlife are 
31lout 6 per cent each. 
810l0GY 
SUMMARY 
An ecosystem 1S a ~nal unit of nature .mel com prtses ~tic .mel 
biOtic components. AbiOtic components Me tnorg3l'lic matert3ls- .Mr. 
water .mel s01l. wl':ete3.S b1011c compone:nt.s Me prcduoers. consumers 
~decomposers. Each ecosystem has cl'W'.<eteriSUc phys1Cal structure 
resulting from interaction Mno~st abiOtic ~ biOtic compor.ents. 
Species composition .and stratifiCation Me ilie two main structural 
features of a:n ecosystem. &sed on source of nutrttion e-.tery org3l'Usm. 
occupies a plaoe in ~ ecosystem. 
Prcd\.Ctivtty. decompoSition. energy OoVl ~ nutrtent C}cling Me 
ilie fOur 1mport..3nl components of .em ecosystem. PI1l'Mly prcductivtty 
is ilie r.cde of capture of solM energy or biOrMSS prcduction of the 
prod\.Cers. It 1S divided into tv.o types: gross prtmMy producti.vity (GPP) 
~ net prirMJ'}' productiVity (tlPP). Rate of capture of sol3:r energy or 
totru prod~.C1:10n oi org3nic matter 1S ~ as GPP. NPP 1S U:e r~ 
biOrMSS or ilie energy left <iter utilisation of prcducers. SecondMy 
prod~.Cti.vtty 1S ilie r <de of as:s:1milation of fOcd energy by ilie consumers. 
In decompos:iti:ln. complex or@lliC compounds of detrttus Me con'E:rted 
to cMbon diOXide. water .mel 1n:1rgan1c nutne:nts by ilie decomposers. 
Decomposition imoh.tes Ulree processes. namely fragmentation of 
detrttus. le.zching ~ catabolism. 
Energy flow 1S unidirectional. F'Ust. plMats capture soW energy 
and ilien. fOod is tr.ao.nsfe:rred from the prcduoers to decomposers. 
Or@r'Sms of different trophic le-.oels in nature Me cOl'U':ECted to each 
other lOr fOod or «rm8'J relallonshlp formln8 a fOod ch.in The slor36l> 
~ mowane:nt. of nutne:nt elements ilirough Ule .,..Q:I'tous compone:nt.s 
of ilie ecosystem 1S called nutrte:nt C}Cling; nutrtents Me r~tedly 
used ilirough UUs precess. Nub'tent C}Cling 1S of two types. gaseous 
~ sedime:nWy. Atmosphere or h}drospl'me 1S U:e resenou fOr U:e 
gaseous type of cycle (CMbon) • .,.,hereas EMili's crust 1S the resE:I"\oU 
for sa::ltme:nt.My type (phosph:lrus). Prcd~.Cts of eco~ste:rn processes 
Me rwned as ecosystem serVices. e.g .• purtftca1:10n of .Mr ~water by 
forests. 
The biotic cxm>mU>Uty lS dynM<Iie =I undergoes ~ mth the 
p.ossage of time. These~ Me seque:nti.ally ordered and constitute 
ecolo~ S\.CoessiOn Su::ces:siOn begins wtili UW.aston of a bMe lifeless 
Mea by ptor.eers which lale:r pa'te way fOr sucoessors .mel ultimately a 
stable clirMX comm\U'lity 1S formed. 'nle cltl'MX community re:m~ns 
stable as tong as the e:rt'o'tronme:nt. rem.Mns ~· 
FXFRC ...... ISFS ·- ·-' ' .. _ 
1 . Flllln the blmlcs. 
(aJ Pl<mts Me called as because U:ey fuc CMbon d1oxide. 
(b) In an ecosystem domlnated by trees. the pyrarnld (of munt..rs) 
lS ____ type. 
(c) In aquatic ecosystems. ilie lirnittng factor fOr ilie productiVity 
iS ____ . 
ECO~V~TEM 
(d) Common detrtU,ores Ul. our ecosystem Me_ __ _ 
(e) The major reservou of CMbon on e3l'th ts; __ _ 
2. Which one of the follov.!n8 h>s the lor &>;st popul>llon ln a fOod cha>rl? 
(aJ Producers 
(b) PI1mMf COl'lS\.U'nei'S 
(c) SecondMf consumers 
(d) Decomposers 
3. The second lrophic le\oel Ul. a l3ke ts­
(>) Phytopl>nkton 
(b) Zoopl>nkton 
(c) Benilios 
(d) Flshes 
4. Seconi3J'y pro:iuoe:rs Me 
(aJ He:rb1.,.ores 
(b) Producers 
(c) CMni.,.ores 
(d) None of U:e .WO\~ 
5. Wh>l. lS the peroentoge of photosynlhe11cally aotM radi>lion (PAR). ln 
U:e Ul.c1dent sol3:r radiation. 
(a) 100% 
(b) 50% 
(c) 1-~ 
(d) 2-10% 
6. D!StJntUlSh bet""""' 
(a) Gr >Zing fOod chain =I detntus fOod ch>1n 
(b) Production ;mel dec:orn position 
(c) Upr'8ht and uworted pyrM<Iid 
(d) Food ch3:1n .mel Food .,..eb 
(e) Utter ;mel detritus 
(0 Prtm M }' .mel second M }' pro:i \.Cti. \lit}' 
7. Descrtbe ilie components of .em ecosystem. 
8. De:Bne ecologtcal pyrMO!ds .mel describe wtili e:x-Mnples. pyrMnids of 
number .mel biOmass. 
9. Wh>l. lS prirn>ry productiVity? Gi"' brtof dese<iption of factors that .£fOOl 
pnroory productiVity. 
10. Defi.r.e decompoSition ~ describe ilie processes ~ products of 
decompoSition. 
11. Gi'~ .em .zc:cOW"ll of energy flow Ul. .em ecosystem. 
12. Write tmport.c:nt features of a sedimentc:ry c}cle Ul. .em ecosystem. 
13. Oulline soJtent. feotures of cor bon cycling tn •n e<'>system. 
r 
CHAPTER 15 
BIODIVERSITY AND 
CONSERVATION 
15.1 Btodiverstty 
15.2 Btodiverstty Conservation. If on olien from a distant galoxy were to Visit our planet 
E3rth. the first thing that would arrw:e and baffle him 
would rrost probably be the enorrrous diversity of life 
that he wculdenooun\er. Ellen fcrhlUlWls, the nch vane1;y 
of liVing crgonisms With which they share this planet neler 
cea.ses to .astonish and f.ascinate us. The cornnDn rl'Wl 
would find it ha!d to believe that there are rmre thon 
20,000 species of onts. 3,00,000 Sf"CieSof beetles. 28,000 
speCies of fishes and nearly 20,000 Sf"Cies of orchids. 
Ecolo~sts and e\Olu\ionary biologists have been trying 
to Wlders\and the signi1iconce of such diversity by asking 
import.mt questions- WI\(! are there so mong spec<eS? 
Di.d.sud\ 9reat di.oersitg extst tlvoughout earth's historg? 
How d.:d this di.oers;j'o.coJ.(On come a.fx>ut? How on d. whg 
Ls tl\i.s diJ>ers.:tg onportan.t to the JXos]X\ere? Would Lt 
Juncf.(On ang dgferent!g if the di.O<?rsitg wo.s much lesS? 
How d.o Mu.mans benifotfrom the di.oersitg of !ife? 
15.1 BIOD1Y1-::.r""{SI'l'S:' 
In our biOsphere inmense diversity (or heterogeneity) 
eXists not only at the species level but at all lelels of 
biological orgonisa\ion rongtng from macromolecules 
within cells to biorres. BiodiverSity is the term popul3rised 
by the sociObiologist Edward Wilson to descnbe the 
liO DI'VtUilY .ND CONUtVA.llON 
o:mblnecldi,.,..SilJ' at311 the le'"'ls atl>il::lq!itaiotl!anlsauon. 
'thermst il"f4l<XUntat lhemare-
(!) Genotic dW<lt'slty : A single speCies might show big)\ di'"'rsilJ' at 
the genetic level """' its dislribu liooal range. The genetic v3fi.ation 
shown by the rredicin3l plmt Rauwo!fo.a. oomitoM ~Wing in 
c:IJ6erent Himalayan ranges might be in terms or the potency and 
concentra tion or the acti'le chemic3l (reserpine) that the plmt 
pro:tuces. India has rrore than 50.000 geneu c3llydllferent stnins 
or rice, and I ,000 Varieties or mango. 
(U) Species diu<lt'Sity: The diversity at the species level. For ~mple. 
the western Ghats ha'le a greater amphi~n species diversity than 
the Eostern Ghats. 
(ill) Ecol09ieal diu<lt'Sity: At the ecosystem lewl. India. a instance. 
Wlth its d!lserts. r>in forests. mangroves. coral reets. mtlands. 
estuaries. and 3lpine rreadows has a gre .. tec ecosystem dillOrSity 
tha.n a ScandinaVian rountry like Norw"-Y· 
It has ta.lren millions at ~s of e1tiulion. 1o aeeum.alate this rich 
di"'rslty in nature. but we oouJd lose 311that ""'alth In less than two 
centW'ies it the present rates or speCies losses oontlnu e. Bicdi"'r>ilJ' and 
its ecnserva.UOn are now Vital enVironrre:ntal is sues of 1ntemation.al ccncem 
as rrore mel more people Jl'OU!ld the wcrld begin to real!se lhe critical 
in'q>orbnCe or biedi'lerSityfar our SU1ViV3l and well· being on this plmet. 
15.1 .1 How Many Species are there on Earth and How Many 
In India? 
Since there ore published records or 311 the species discO\ered and named. 
""know how many species in all have teen recordsd. so fM. but it is not 
easy to answec the question or how many species there are o n earth . 
Accortllngtolhe!UCN (2004), the td.3l numberorp lmtandanimal species 
d!lscnbed so far is sl;ghtly rrore than 1.5 million. but we hallO no clear 
;d!laorhow many species are yet to be clisCOilOredanddeseribed. Estimates 
;oary Widely and many or them are only educ..t.ed g.tesses. J:l>r many 
ta>«::nomlc groups. speCies inventories ..re nxre C<ln1'1ete In tetrf>Mate 
than In tropical countries . Consif:lenng that an """rwhelmini!).Y targe 
.. ...,...~on at the speCies -itlng to be dise<M!I'Od are In the tropics. 
blcl<>fsls rnaloo a statistital oornpartson at the la14""al.e-ltcpleal speCies 
rtehnessor an e><hauslillOlY stucliedgroupor insects ande><trapa..te this 
ratio to other groups or 3!limals and plmt s to <Orne up With a goss 
estimate or the toW number or species on earth ' SOrte extreme estima tes 
range !rom 20 \o 50 million. but a rrore conserva\1"' and scten\ific3lly 
sound esttrn>te mode bY Robert May places the S)Obal species cli'.erSity 
at abou t ?million. 
r 
81010GY 
Let us lock .at sorre interesting .aspects .a tout e.arth•s bicd.i\ersity based 
on llie currently .av.ailable species inventories. More tl'wl 70 per cent of 
~the species recorred:rre ~llirrols. while pbnts (including~g~. ftmg;. 
bryophytes. gjmnOsperms ~nd ~ng;osperms) oompn se no more \Mn 22 
per cent of the tot..al. Am:lng .animals. insects .are llie nDst species-rich 
t=lomic group. m3king up more \hon 70 per cent of the \o\31. That 
rreons. out of every I 0 •nim3ls on this planet. 7 are insects. 1\go.in. how 
cb we explain this enormous diverSificatiOn of insects? The number of 
fungi speCies in llie world is m::re th3n llie com.bined. tot.al of llie speCies 
of fishes. amphibians. reptiles •nd !lWlm3ls.ln ~re 15.1. biodiversity 
is depicted shcJv,ling speCies num.ter of major l3x.a. 
I•••• a '" I I•• 1 I 
--
Fis,"Ure 15.1 Representing global bio:itve:rs:ity: proportionate number of 
species of major Wa of pl3nts. Ul.,~tebrates .mel ,~rtebrates 
It should be noted th•t these estimates do not give ony figures for 
prok3rlotes. Biologists •re not sure •bout how many prokaryotic speCies 
there might be. The problemi s \Mt oonven tion3l \3xonomic rrethcds are 
not sUiuble liJr idenlif:y;ngmicrob~ species~ mmy speCies :rre simply 
not cultur.able Wl.rerl..abor.atory conditiOns. If we .accept biOchemical or 
rrolecular critenalbrcteline•ting speCies liJr thisgrcup. then their diverSity 
olone might run in to millions. 
81001VU~ITY A!!O C()!!~UVATIO!! 
Although India ru.s ooly 2.4 per cent of the wortcfs l3nd orea. its shore 
of llie ~obal species diversity ism impresSi\e 8. l per cent. That is what 
rrokes our COWl try one of the 12 rregadiversity countries of the «orld. 
Nearly45,000 speciesofpl3.nts .and. twice .as nw1yof mi1"nals ha\e been 
recorred from India. How m:my liVing species are actually there wo;ting 
to be disoovered and named? U we accept Mays global estimates. only 
22 per cent of the total species ru.ve been reootcted so far. Applying this 
proportion to India's diverSity figures."" estimate that there are probably 
rrore than 1.00.000 plant speeiesandrrore than 3.00. 000 onima1 species 
yet to be discmered. .and described.. Would. we e,.er be .able to complete 
tre imentoryct the biOlcgical v.~thof curcOWltry? Cbnsirer the imrrense 
\r3ined manpov."r (toxonomists) and the time required to complete the 
job. The situ.ation .appears m::re hopeless when lol.'e re.alise tll..at .a l.arge 
fr.action of these species f.aces llie tll.re.at of becofl"'..ing e:.ctincteven be1bre 
lol.'e disco\er lliem N.atures biOlogicallibr.ary is burning even before lol.'e 
ca\alo~ed the titles of all the books stocked there. 
15.1.2 Patterns of Biodh•crsity 
(i) Latitudinal gradients: The di\erSity of plants and animals is 
not wl.ifbrm throughout tll.e world. but shows .a r.allier Wl.even 
distribution. For many group of animals or plants. there are 
interest;ng patterns in diversity. the rmst well· known be;ng the 
l3.titud.in.al gr.adient in di\ersity. In general. species di\ersity 
ctecre.ases .as we move .aw..ay from. tll.e equator tow..ards llie p:~les. 
With very few exceptions. tropics patitudinal range of 23.5° N to 
23. &• S) ru.roour rmre species than temperate or polar areas. 
O:>lombialocated near the equatorru.s nearl.y 1.400 species of birds 
while New York .at 41° N has 105 species .and. Greenl.and. .at 71° N 
only 56 species. Ind.i.a. witll. much of its l.and. .are .a in llie tropic.al 
latitudes. ru.s rmre than 1.200 speCies of birds. A fOrest in a tropical 
region like Equadorhasup to I 0 \irres as many speCies of vascular 
plants as a fOrest of equal orea in a temperate region like the Midv.,st 
of the USA The largely tropicall\m32onian rain fOrest in South 
Americ.a h.as the gre.atest bicdiversity on earth- it is horre to m::re 
than 40.000 species of plants. 3.000 of fishes. 1.300 of birds. 427 
of mwmals. 427 of amphibians. 378 of reptiles and of rmre than 
1,25,000 imertebr.ates. SCientists estimate Ul..at in lliese r.ain forests 
lliere might be .at le.ast two million insect species w..aiting to be 
discovered. .and. n.arred 
What (S so sped.al.about !Top:cs that mght account for their 9reater 
l>:o!09<cat di.oersitg? Ecologists and e\Olutionary biOlogists ru.ve 
prop:1sect 1\litrus hj'p:)theses; :o:>rre illlp:)ttmtones =(a) SpeCiation 
is generally a function of tirre. unlike temperate reg;ons subjected 
to frequent glaciations in the past. tropical latitudes 113\e rern3ined 
relatively undisturbed fbr millions of years and thus. h3d a long 
r 
81010GY 
e\dutio!wy tirre ror speeiescb,ersificalicn, (b) Tropical enVironments. 
unlike tem.p3r.ate ones . .are less seasonal. relatively more constmt 
and predictable. SUch constant enlliro!lrtBnts promote ruche 
speCialisation and lead to a greater speCies diversity and (c) There 
is more solar energy .available in llie tropics. which contributes to 
higher pltXIuc\i~ty; this in turn might ron tribute indirectly to geater 
diversity. 
(il) Species-Area relationships: During his piOneering and exton Sive 
explorations in the Wilderness of South 1\rrericanjungles. the great 
German naturalist and geographer Alexander von Humboldt 
obsened. tll.at witll.in .a region sp3cies 
riclul.ess increased. witll. increasing 
«<plored area. but only up to a limit. In 
Fig,'1.U:e 15.2 ShoWing species Mea relationship. 
Note Ulat on tog s~ ilie relationship 
becomes lineM 
tact.llie relation teW.-een species ncluless 
md. .area for .a Wide variety of t.a;:.::.a 
(.angiosperm plants. birds. bats. 
freshwater fishes) turns out to be .a 
rectangular hyperbola (Figure 15.2). On 
.a log.arttluni. c scale. tll.e relationship is .a 
straight line descnted by the equation 
logS= logC +ZlogA 
Where 
8= SpeCies richness A= Area 
Z = slope of the line (regression 
coem Cien t) 
C = Y -intercept 
Ecologists have discmered that the 
oalue ofZ lies in the range of 0.1 to 0.2. 
reg=Uess of the t=lomic group or the 
re~ (whether it is the plants in Britain, 
birds in Caliromiaorrrolluscs in New York state. the slopes of the regresSion 
line .are .amaZingly similar). But. if you analyse the species...are.a 
relationships orrong very lar!l' areas like the entire continents. you Will 
find that the slope of the line tote nruch steeper (Z values in the range 
of 0.6 to I. 2). For e"ample. for frugivorous (fruit-eating) birds and 
rna mi"''Ws in llie tropic.a 1 forests of different continents. llie slop3 i s b.md 
to te 1.15. What do steeper slopes mean in tlV.s context? 
15.1. 3 The importance of Species Diva·sity to th" Ecosystem 
Does the number of speCies in a ccmrrunil;y really matter to the functioning 
of the ecosystem?This is a question for which ecolo~sts have not been 
.able togi\e .a definitive .answer. For mmydec.actes.ecologists believed 
tll..at cornrnwl.ities With m:re species. gener.ally. tend. tote more stable 
than those With less speCies. What exactly is stability for a biological 
81001VU~ITY A!!O C()!!~UVATIO!! 
commwl.ity? A stable commwl.ity should. not show too much w.n..ation 
in pro:tucti\-1. ty from. year to year: it must be eitller resist.mt or resilient to 
occas;onru disturtlM03S (natural or rnM-rnacl3). Md it must also be 
reSistMt to in""siOns by alien species. We don~ know how these attributes 
.are linked. to species richness in .a cornmWl.ity. but DaVid Tilm.an•s 
long-term eoosystem e"Penmen\s using outdoor plots provide sorre 
tent.ati\e .mslo'.:ers. Tilman fOund. tll..at plots witll m:re species shCN.-ed. 
less ye.ar-to-}e.ar variation in tot.al biOmass. He also showed. tll..at in his 
""Pel"irrents. increased diversity contributed to higher productiVity. 
Although. ""' may not understand completely how Sf"Cies richness 
contn.butes totll.e TA'ell-beingof .an ecosystem.. TA'e know enough to realise 
\he\ rich biOdiversity is not only essential fbr eoosystem health but 
imperative for the very sum"'! of the humM race on this planet. At a 
tirre when we .are losing Sp3Cies .at .an 3l.atnlirlg pace. one might .ask­
D:es it really matter to us if .a few speCies tecorre extinct? Would. Western 
Ghats ecosystems be less fWl.ction.al if one of its tree frog sp3cies is lost 
fi:Jreler? How is our quality of life o!fected ii. SO)-". instead of 20.000 ""' 
have only 15,000 Sf"Ciesof ants on earth? 
There .are no direct .mw.-ers to such ~i\e questions but we c.mctevelop 
a proper f"rSf"Ctive through an analogy (the 'rivet popper hJ-Po\hesis1 
used by Stanford ecologist Paul Ehrlich. In an airplane (ecosystem) all 
parts are jOined together using thousands of rivets (Sf"Cies). U elery 
passenger travelling in it starts popping a rivet to take horre (causing a 
speCies to beoorre exline~. it may not oifect flight safety (prcper functiOning 
of tll.e ecosystem.) initially. but .as m:re .and. m:re rivets .are rernO\ed.. tll.e 
plane becorres dangerously weak over a periOd of time. Furthermore. 
which rivet is rerno\ed. may .also be critical. Loss of rivets on tll.e wings 
(key sp3cies tll..at drive major ecosystem functiOns) is obViOusly .a m:re 
seriOus threat to flight safety tll..m loss of .a few rivets on tll.e seats or 
'Aiincbws inSire tll.e plane. 
15.l.4 Loss of Biodivm·sity 
While it is doubtful if any new species are being added (through Sf"Cia\icn) 
into \l"e earth's treasury of Sf"CieS, there is no doubt abcut their continuing 
losses. The biological ""alth of our planet has been declining rapidly 
and the accusing finger is clearly pOinting to human acti\.1\ies. The 
colonisatiOn of tropical Pacific Islands by humans is said to have led to 
the extinction of more than 2.000 speCies of native birds. The IUCN Red 
Us\ (2004) documents the extinction of 784 species (including 338 
ler\ebrates. 359 invertebrates and 87 plants) in the last 500 Jears. Serre 
examples of recent extinctions include the dodo (Mauritius). quagga 
(Africa). thylacine (Australia). Steller's Sea Cow (Russia) and three 
subspeCies (Bali. Ja""n· caspian) of t;ger. The last twenty years alone 
hale Witnessed the disappearance of 27 species. Careful analysis of reoords 
r 
81010GY 
shows tllat e:.ctinction s .across t3X.a .are not random; some groups like 
ornphibions appear to be more wlnerable to extinction. ~'£!ding to the 
gnm seen= of extinctions is the fact that rmre than 15.500 species 
...,.Jd.Wide ore facing the threat of extinction. Presently. 12 per cent of 
all bi!d species. 23 per cent of all mammal species. 32 per cent of all 
ornphibian speCies ond 31per cent of allgynmosperm species in the "orld 
face llie Uue.at of e:.ctinction. 
From a study of the history of life on earth through fosSil reoords. "" 
learn tllat large-scale loss of species like tll.e one we .are currently 
WitnesSing have .also h.appened.e.arlier. elen terore humms .appeared on 
the scene. Durtng the longpertcd (> 3 billion years) Since the on~n ond 
dilerSific.ationof life on earth lliere '-l.'ere five episcdes of mass extinction 
of species. How is the 'SiXth Extinction' presently in progress different 
from.llie preViOus episcdet? The difference is in llie rates: the current 
species extinction rates .are estimated. to be 100 to 1,000 tirres faster 
tl'wl in llie pre-human tirres .and our .acti\r1ties .are responsible for llie 
faster rates. Ecologists warn that if the present trends continue. 
nearly half of all the species on earth might be Wiped out within the next 
100 years. 
In general.loss of biodiversity in a region may lead to (a) decline in 
plont production. (b) lov."red reSistance toenVirOrurental perturbations 
such asctrought and (c) increasedvanabilityin certain ecosystem processes 
such as plant producli~ty. water use. ond pest ond disease cycles. 
Causes of biodiversity losses: The .accelerated. rates of species 
extinctions tllat tll.e v;orld. is facing now .are largely due to human 
.actiVities. There .are four major causes r The EVil Quartet • is llie scbriquet 
used. to rescribe them). 
(i) Habitat loss o.nd.fr~ntento.tion: This is the most imporlont 
cause driVing .animals .and plants to extinction. The nustd.r.amatic 
examples of habitat loss corre from. tropical rain fOrests. Once 
cmef'ing m:re th3n 14 per cent of tll.e e.arth•s land. surface. these 
rain forests now cover no m:re tl'wl 6 p3r cent. They .are being 
destroyed fast. By the tirre you finish reading this chapter. I 000 
m:re hectares of rain forest would. have teen lost. The Amnon 
rain forest (it is so huge that it is called the 1ungs of the planet') 
haroounng probably millions of speCies is being cut ond cleared 
fbr cultivating sogo.beonsor fbr conlersion togr.assl3nd.s for raising 
beef cattle. Besides total loss. the degradation of mony habitats by 
pollution also threatens the surnvalofmony species. When large 
habitats .are broken up into small fr.awnents due to v.anous human 
acli~lies. mornmals ond bi!ds requiring large territories ond certain 
animals with migratory habits ore badly affected. leading to 
population reclines. 
(il) Ouer.e:q>loito.tion· Humons havealwaysdepmdedon nature fOr 
food. md. shelter. but when •neect• turns to •greect•. it leads to 
81001VU~ITY A!!O C()!!~UVATIO!! 
over-e:.o::plOit.atiOn of natural resources. Many species extinctions 
in the last 500 years (Steller's sea row. passenger pi!l'on) ""re due 
to overexp!Oitation by hurruns. Presently rruny rmrine fish 
populations MOUnd the «orld are mer harvested. endangering the 
continued e:.o::istence of sorre COI"''ll"rereially i.rnpOI"tmt species. 
(iii) Alien species irwasions: When alien species a.re intrcduced. 
Wlintenlion3llyordellberatelyfor whateler purpose. some of them 
tum inva.si\e, a.nd. ca.use decline ore:.ctinctianof ~nous speCies. 
The Nile perch introduced into Loke \/letona in east Africa led 
elentuallyto the «<tinction of an ecologicallyWlique assembloge of 
m:re th3n 200 species of cichlid. fish in the lalte. You must be 
familiar With the en'-lronmental damage caused and threat posed 
to our na.tive species by inv.aSi\e TA'eed speCies like carrot gra.ss 
(Porthenir.mj, Lontono.and water hyaCinth (E<cd\om(a). The recent 
illegal introduction of the African catfish C!ari.o.s 9ari.epif\u.s tor 
aquaculture purposes is poSing a threat to the indigenous catfishes 
in our rivers. 
(i~ Co--extinctions: When a. species becorres extinct. tll.e pl3nt a.nd. 
.animal species a.ssociated witll. it in .m obligatory w.a.y also tecorre 
extinct. When a. host fish species becomes extinct. its unique 
assembloge of paraSites also meets the sorre fate. Another example 
is tll.e ca.se of a. ccevolved. pl.mt-polhna.tor mutualism where 
extinction of one invonablyleads to the extinction of the other. 
15.2 BtoDlVERSin.' GoNsmvAnoro; 
15.2.1 Why Should We Consenoe BiodivcTsity? 
Tilere are nw1yrea.sons. some ob\.Wus .and. others not so obVious. but all 
equally important. They can be grouped into three categories: narrowly 
util it.na n. broad! y uti llt.na n. and eth ica I. 
The narrowly utllltarlan a.r~rrents fbr conserving bicdi\ersity are 
obvious: hunw1s ren\e countless direct economi.c benefits from. nature­
ti:od. (cereals. pulses. fruits). fifev,:ocd.. fibre. construction m.a.teri3.1. 
industrial prcducts (tannins, lubricants. dyes. reSins. perfumes) and 
prcducts of medicinal importance. More than 25 per cent of the drugs 
currently sdd in the market «orldwire are cl>riledfrom plants and 25,000 
species of pl3nts contn.bute to tll.e tra.d.itional medicines used. by na.tive 
peoples MOUnd the world. Nobody knows how many more rredieinally 
useful plants there are in tropical rain forests wo;ung to be explored. 
With increasing resources put into'bioprospectin,g' (exploring rrolecular, 
!!'netic and species-level diversity fOr prcducts of economic importance). 
nations endowed With nch biOdilerSity can expect to reap enormous 
benefits. 
The broadly utilitarian argument says that biOdi,erSity plays a 
ma.jor role in m.my ecosystem. services tl13.t nature provides. The fast-
r 
81010GY 
dwindling Amazon forest is estimated. to produce. tll.rough 
photosynthesis. 20 per cent of the toW «"J'!I'n in the eor1h's atrrosphere. 
OM. we put an economic ~<.~lue on this s~ce by nature? You can get 
sorre icl>a by finding out how much :your neighborho:d hospital spends 
on a cylinder of a:<:ygen. Pollination (without which plants connot give 
us fruits or seeds) is .mother semce. ecosystems provide tll.rough 
p::>llinators layer -bees. bumblebees. bi!ds and bats. WMt u.>J.t be the 
costs of o.ccompli.sMin9 pottlno.tlon wlthoue hetp from naturo.t 
pollinatas?There are other intangible benefits- that'"' cl>rive from 
nature-the aesthetic pleasures of wolkingthrough thick «o::ds. watching 
spring Oo«"rs in full bloom or waking up to a bulbul's song in the 
m:rning. Can "" put a prl ce tag on such things? 
The ethical .argument fbr conserving bicdi\ersity relates to what v>e 
CN>e to millions of plmt . .anim.al.and microte species 'Nitll. whom. v,:e sh.are 
this planet. Philosophically or spiritually. we need to realise that elery 
species has m intrinsic v.alue. even if it may not be of current or .any 
economic v.alue to us. We ha\e .a mor.al duty to c.are for tll.eir v>ell-being 
and pass on our biOlogical legacy in !lJodoJ:der to future generations. 
15.2.2 How do we consen•eBiod.iversity? 
When we consene .and protect tll.e whole ecosystem. its bicd.iversity at .all 
le\els is prctected. - v.:e s .a\e tll.e entire tbrest to save tll.e ~r. This .approach 
is c.alled. (n s((u. (on site) conservation. HCN.'e\er. when tll.ere .are situations 
where .an .animal or pl3nt is endangered. or tll.re.atened. .and needs urgent 
rre.asures to save it from extinction. ex si.tu (off site) conservation is tll.e 
cl>sirable approach. 
In situ conservation- Faced 'Nith tll.e conOict tetween revetopmmt .and 
conservati:ln. mmy nalial.s find. it WU"e.alistic .and econanic.ally net feasible 
to oonserve all their biological wealth.lnvariably. thenumberof speCies 
wailing to be saved frorne:.ctinction fMe:.o::ceed.s tll.e conservation resources 
avoili>ble. On a global baSis. this problem has been ad:lressed by eminent 
conservationists. They identified. for maXimum. protectiOn certain 
'biodiverSity hotspots• regions With veryhi!')llevels of speCies richness 
and high degree of endemism (that is. speCies oonfined to that region 
and not round anywhere else). Initially 25 biodilersity hotspots were 
identified. but subsequently nine nure have been .added. to tll.e list. 
bringing the toW number of biodiversity hotspots in the «orld to 34. 
These hotspots .are .also regions of .accelerated. habitat loss. Three of 
these hotspots - Western Ghats and Sri Lanka. Indo-Burma and 
Himalaya -cover our countrys exceptionally high biodiversity regions. 
1\lthoo.ogh. all the biodi. lenity ho\$po\s p11\ together oowr leH than 2 
percent of the earth's land area. the number of speCies they collectively 
harbour is e:<trerrely high and strict protection of these hotspots oould 
reduce the ongOing mass «<\inctions by alrrost 30 per cent. 
liODIVfUITV AND C'ON\ flVATION 
In India. ecologicollyunique and blOdlverstty-nc h reg;ons are legally 
f'O(e cteda s biOspherereserves. natiOnal parks and sanctuartes. India 
now has 14 biosphere reserves . 110 nauono~ parl<s and 448 Wildlife 
sanctuanes . Indah>.S also a history C(rellg>ous .and culturollr.aditiOns 
that erq>hasised prouoc:tlcn «nature. In many cwtures.lra<U C(6:Jrest 
..,re set aSide. and all the tree s and "-''cllfo within were wnecated and 
~-toW ~lion. Such sacred exovesare found in KhasiandJ-Iia 
Hills inMegholay.a_ Arava!U HWs c€Rajasthan. 'Mostem Ghat regiOnsc€ 
Karnatak.a and Mah.arashtra and \he Sarg.aja. Cb.anda andBastarare.as 
c€Madhya Pra<i>sh. InMegholaya. tho sacredgtooes are the I.astre~s 
iJr a large nurroerc€ rare and threatened plant s. 
Eo: situ Conservation - In this approach. threatened animals and plants 
are tak.en out from their natural habitat and ptaced in speti.al setting 
where they can be protectecl and given special care. Z<xiogic.al p.ark.s. 
bJ\orucolg.roens and "-''dlile wart p.ark.s sene Ulispuq>OSe. There are 
many animals that have bocom! extin ct in the wild but continue to be 
moin~ed in =tog;cal parks. In recent years •x situ conservation has 
odvanced beyond keeping threatened species in enclosures. NJw g01retes 
at threatened speCies can be preserved in Viable and lerlile condition for 
long perto:ls uSing Ct)'OPnUervaUcn techniques . eas can be fertilised if\ 
oitro. and plant s can be propogated us;ng Us sue c-ulture rretho:ls. S..eds 
at cWferent geneti c strains of. CO!lU11!rcU!lytmportant plants can te I<ept 
lOr Jongpeno:ts in seed banks . 
BiOdWersity k.nows no poiiUcol boundaries and its oonservation is 
therefore a cdlectil<l responSibility atoll nations . The hislonc Convention 
on Biological Dil<!rsity rn.e Eorth Summit1 held in Rio <i> Janeiro in 
1992. called upo n all natiOns to tak.o appropnate measures ror 
oonservationatb iOdJ""'stty and sustainable utiUsation at its benefits. In 
afollow.up. the Wortd Sunmiton Sustainable De'leloprrenthe ldin 2002 
in Johannesburg. South Africa. 100 countries pledged their commitment 
toachie\e bY 201 0. a s~cant reduction in the current rate atbicdiverSit.Y 
loss at global. regtonol and loco! levels . 
•• "" .................... ' ' '' '' ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, """"""''''''"""""""" '" """"""""""""""" . '. " •• ' f 
SUMMARY 
S!n>e llfe o~d en urth .-rly 3.8 l:olllon yeaxs >go. there had 
been enormous d~Ycss!so.atson of Wit forms on earth . BiodiverSity refers 
to the sum toW of divc:aty \ha.t exiSts .a.t all levels of bsological 
or@n!Sa U.n. Ofpartlcub<lm?'<- ISthedl.,....,';'atgeneUc. spacoes 
ani ecosystem lewt1s .ud COnNr4.Uon. ehts .are auned at protec:t1ng 
diwrs1ty at all thtie ~ 
lllo"' than 1.5 mlllian """"* haw~ reco!ded 1n the uald. but 
there mf#lt still be nurly 6 mllbon spa · on earth waiting to be 
~ed ani n.anecl. Oflha na.meclsp d > 10 per cent are antmak 
of oi»ch 10 per aorl. are ..__ Tho (#Oup FUqp b.. mare • .......,. 
.. ,, 
·.· · .. .... . 
·~·· >. 
::··.· 
;. 
. ' ... . ........ . 
·~~:.: .. ~ .... . 
· ... 
. . .'.·.·,·.;·:. ·. \ 
81010GY 
Uwl ~ Ule .,.e:rtebrate spe::tes combir.ed. ~ w.Ul. about 45.000 
spe::tes of pl3n1s .mel tv.'iee as mmy spe::tes of~~ 1S one of the 12 
mega d1,~s:ity count.rtes of ilie world. 
Species di,~s:ity on eMth 1S rot Ul'UfOrrnly d1Stl1.buted but sh:rws 
lntorestlng patterns. It lS (firm .Uy hJ8hest ln the lrop10S =I de:<eoses 
towMds ilie poles. Im.port..3nt expl3naUons fOr U:e species riChness of 
U:e tropiCs Me: 'n'opies had more ewlutionMy Urn.e; iliey proVide a 
relati.\ely const.c:nt e:n.Vironm.e:nt and. U:ey reClt!ii.,.e more soW e:nerg}' 
which contributes to greater productivity. Species nclmess 1S ~ 
fw.'ction of the Mea of a r~n; ilie spec1eS-Mea rela11onshi.p 1S gere:I ~y 
a r~ h~r0011c function 
It 1S belie\oed ilial cornrn.W"Ii.ties wtili high cb:was:ity tE:nd to be less 
\IMtable, more producti'~ ~ more res1sbnt to b1olo~ 1nv.as:1ons. 
EMth's fOss::il history re-.~ 1nC1de:noe of mass extil'c11ons 1n ilie past. 
but U:e present r ales of e::<Unct1on. J.Mgety attributed to hum.;m a.cl1vtt1es. 
a:re 100 to 1000 times lligher. Ne3:1'l}' 700 specieS have become extinct 
Ul. rece:nt. times and more th3n 15.500 spe::tes (of which> 65::> Me from 
hldta currently fa.oe ilie Uueat of extinction. The causes of high 
e:xtil'cUon rates at present mclude habitat (pa:rticuJ.Mly forests) loss 
.cmd fragmentatiOn. O\Oer-explottatton. btologtcaltnvastons ~ 
co- exUnctions. 
Ea:rili's nch b1oclt...,us1ty 1S \lital for ilie -.uy survi\Oal of I'Ml'lk1n::l. 
'The reasons fOr conserWlg biocb:was:ity Me nMTOwly uUlitc:rt3n,. broadly 
ulllitort>n ond ethical. Besi:les the dlreot ber«flts !Wod. ~bte. firev.ood. 
phMmaceuticals. etc.). iliere Me m<my indirect beneftts we recei..,.e 
lhr"'-'&' e:osys.,m ser"'<es such os poll1nation. !""' control. cllmate 
moderalion ~ Oocd con1rol. r;,e also ha-..e a moral respons1b1lity to 
take 9-'cd CMe of earth's b1od1"'.tersity ~~it on Ul. &bed order to our 
r.ext gene:IaUon. 
B10d1ve:rsity cons:er-...alion may be en sctu ~well as ex sctu. hl. en sctu 
conser-..a.Uon. ilie ~red spee1es Me protected in ilieu' natural 
habitat so iliat the entire ecosystem is protected. Recently. 34 
'b1od1ve:rsity hotspots' Ul. ilie world ha"'.te bee:n proposa::l for inlE:ns1\0e 
consenation efforts. Of these. Uvee (Western Ghats-Sri Lanka. 
Hirnal.aya .mel h'do-Burmal cowa h'd~s riCh b1od1was:ity r~ns. Our 
country's en sctu consE:I'-..ation effOrts Me reflected Ul. its 14 btospl':ere 
resenES. 9:) national parks. > 45::> W1ldl1fe sa:nclu.3:I'ies ~ m<my sacred 
gro-.es. Ex sctu cons:er-..a.Uon meiliods U'clude protecti'e ~e 
of ilireatere::l species m roobg1Cal pMks .mel botcn1cal gardens. en l.(tro 
fertilisation. tissue culture propagation ~ cryoprese:r.,.ation of 
gametes. 
·: .............................................................. . 
1. Na:rne the three uo.port.c:nt compone:nt.s of b10d1,ersity. 
2. How do ecologists oestim.cde ilie total number of species present Ul. ilie 
world? 
81001VU~ITY A!!O C()!!~UVATIO!! 
3. Gi"'.te three hypoU:eses fOr e:xpl.o:uung v.hy tropiCS show greatest le\oels 
of spec1es rielu':ess. 
4. Wh>1 lS tho ~ of tho slope of regr=on 1n a ~ - = 
relationship? 
5. 'What a:re ilie ma;Jor C<:~USeS of spee1es losses 1n a @ogtaphical ~rf? 
6. How iS b1od1was:ity impoi"l.c:nt for ecosystem f~ 
7. 'What Me sacred gto-.eS? 'What 1S ilieir role 1n c::onserv.;;d.iorf? 
8. Among ilie ecosystem sE:I'Vice; Me control of floods ~ soil eroSion. 
How lS thls -""' by the b1oUc corn ponents ol tho ecosystem? 
9. 'The speces d1"'.ters:ity of pl3nts t22 pe:r cent.) 1s: much less Uwl Ulat of 
=>ls (12 !"" cent). What could be the oxpl"""tions to how =>ls 
achie\ed gtealE:r d1"'.ters:iftcation? 
10. ~ }'OU think of a Situation where we deliberately w~t to m~ a 
~ EO<tlrct? How would )<>U jU>tliy it? 
r 
CHAPTER 16 
ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES 
16.1 ACrPo~tion.ondlts 
Control 
16.2 \Vater Potk.c~onandlt.s 
ConiTd. 
16.3 Sd.idl'lastes 
16.4 Jl.srcrchemi.cds «nd 
t.hei.r Effects 
16.5 R.::r.dioc:mtt>e\Va.stes 
16.6 Gree<W>useEJfoct ond 
Gkh a! IV OT mi"9 
16.7 OZI)ne Deplettc:n. tn. the 
St.rcrtosp'lvtre 
16.8 DegrM.d.V:Jn.bylmprcper 
ResolQ'Ce UWisotton. ond 
Moi.nt.enonce 
16.9 Deforestdicn. 
Human population SiZe ru.s grown enorrrously over the 
last hundred years. This rreans increase in remand ror 
fcx:d. water. horre. elect!! City. roods. autorrobiles and 
nurreroos ollier cu&n&o:lities. Tilese rermncts a.reer.e:rting 
trerrenctous pressure on our natur.al resources . .and .are 
also contributing to pollution of air. water and sOil. The 
need or the hour is to check the regactation and repletion 
of our preCiOus natur.al resources .and. pollution williout 
holting the process of deleloprrent. 
Pollution is .my Wl.desir.able ch3.nge in physica.l. 
chemical or biologicol characteristics of air .land. water or 
sOil. ~nts tru.t bnngabout such an undesirable change 
.are c3lled. .as pollutants. hl. order to contrd enVirerUnental 
pollution. tll.e Government of India h.as p.assed. tll.e 
Environment (Protection) Act. 1986 to protect 
and improve the quality of our enl.lronrrent (air. water 
and sOil). 
l f).l Am Pou.:t.TnoN A.~ .. o n:s Co:<J'l'HOl, 
We are dependent on air fOr our respiratory needs. Air 
pollutants cause injury to oll liVing organisms. They 
reduce growth and yield of crops and cause premature 
death or plants. 1\ir pollutants olso cl>leteriously o!fect the 
respiratory system of humans and of animols. Harmful 
ENVIRONMENTAl ISSUES 
effects depend on the concentration of pollutants, duration of exposure 
and the organism. 
Smokestacks of thermal power plants, smelters and other industries 
release particulate and gaseous air pollutants together with harmless 
gases, such as nitrogen, oxygen, etc. These pollutants must be separated/ 
filtered out before releasing the harmless gases into the atmosphere. 
Clean air 
1 
Diacharge corona 
Water line 
spray .. .. . .... 
Dirty ail''----+ ... 
I Dust 
particles 
o--+...:;;.,. ____ _ 
f 
--+Clean a1r 
matter Collection plate grounded 
IEtectrostattc precipltatorl 
I Scrubber I 
Figure 16.1 Electrostatic precipitator 
There are several ways ofremovingparticulatematter; the most widely 
used of which is the electrostatic precipitator (Figure 16.1), which can 
remove over 99 per cent particulate matter present in the exhaust from a 
thermal power plant. It has electrode wires that are maintained at several 
thousand volts, which produce a corona that releases electrons. These 
electrons attach to dust particles giving them a net negative charge. The 
collecting plates are grounded and attract the charged dust particles. 
The velocity of air between the plates must be low enough to allow the 
dust to fall. A scrubber (Figure 16.1) can remove gases like sulphur 
dioxide. In a scrubber, the exhaust is passed through a spray of water or 
lime. Recently we have realised the dangers of particulate matter that are 
very very small and are not removed by these precipitators. According to 
Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), particulate size 2.5 micrometers 
or less in diameter (PM 2.5) are responsible for causing the greatest harm 
to human health. These fine particulates can be inhal ed deep into the 
lungs and can cause breathing and respiratory symptoms, irritation, 
inflammations and damage to the lungs and premature deaths. 
IIIOIOGV 
Automobiles are a major cause for atmospheric pollution atleast in 
tll.e rretro cities. As tlie nurnter of vehicles increase on llie streets. tll.is 
problem is now shifting to the other cities too. Proper rrumtenmce of 
automobiles along V>lith use of lead-free petrol or diesel can reduce tll.e 
pollutonts they emit. GaW:yti c commers. haVing e:<penSive rreWs norre!y 
platinum-palladium .3nd. rhcd.ium as llie catalysts. are fitted. into 
automobiles for reducing emission of pOisonous gases. As llie e::dl.aust 
passes through the catalytic converter. unbumt hJ-<Irocarbons are 
con,erted. in to carton dio.Xire and. water. and carton nuno.Xide and nitn c 
o.'<ide are changed to carbon dio.'!ire and ni\ro!l'n gas. respecti\ely. Motor 
vehicles equipped. witl'l catalytic cornerter should. use unleaded. petrol 
because lead in llie petrol inactivates tll.e catalyst. 
16.1.1 Controlling Vehicular Air Pollution: A Case 
Study of Delhi 
With its •ery large population of •ehicular tro!fic. Delhi leads the country 
in its lelels of air-pollution- it has nDre cars tl'wlllie states of Gujarat 
and West Bengal put tog.ther. In the 1990s. Delhi ranked fourth 
arrong the 41 rmst polluted Cities of the world Air pollution problems 
in Dellii becarre so senous tllat a public interest litigation (FU ... ) was 
filed in the Supreme Court of India. After being censured very strongly 
by tll.e Supreme 03urt. unrer its directives. llie govemmmt was asked. 
to \alee, within a specified time penod. appropnate measures. including 
slo\litching mer llie entire Oeet of public transport. i.e .. buses. from. diesel 
to compresoed natural gas (CNG). All the buses of Delhi ""re con•erted 
to run on CNG b:y the end of 2002. You may ask the question as to why 
CNG is better than diesel. The ansv."r is that CNG bums rmst efilcienUy. 
unlike petrol or diesel. in the autormbiles and very little of it is left 
unburnt. Moremer. CNG is cheaper tll.an petrol or diesel. cannot be 
siphoned off by thieves and adulterated like petrol or diesel. The main 
problem with switching mer to CNG is the di1!iculty of laying cbwn 
pipelines to deli•er CNG through distnbution pOints/pumps and 
ensuring uninterrupted supply. Sirrultoneously parallel steps taken 
in Delhi for reducing vehicular pollution include phasing out of old 
vehicles. use of Wl.leaded petrol. use of low-sulphur petrol and. diesel. 
use of catalytic converters in •ehicles. application of stnngent pollution­
level norms fbr \ehicles. etc. 
The Government of India through a new auto fuel policy has Wd 
out a roactmap to cut dcNJn \ehicular pollutiOn in Indian cities. More 
stnngent norms for fuels means steadily reduCing the sulphur and 
aromatics content in petrol and. diesel fuels. Euro D norms. for e:.o::ample. 
stipulates that sulphur be controlled at 350 parts-per -million (ppm) in 
diesel ard 150 ppm in petrol. 1\rcmatic hydrocarbcns are to be contained 
at 42 per cent of the concerned fuel. The goat. according to the roadmap. 
is to reduce sulphur to 50 ppm in petrol and diesel and bring cbwn the 
fJt"'ltONI.UNlA I 1!-~Uts. 
le"'l to 3 5 per cenl Cones!" wring to the fuel. rehi c.le ong~nes Will also 
need to be upgraded The Bbarat ~ D (equiY31ent to Eum-D nonns). 
WhiCh Is currently ill place in Delhi. Mumbai. Kolbt.a. Chenn2i. 
Bangaloro. Hyderabad. Ahrredabad . Pune. Surat. Kanpur and ~a. 
Will be applicable to all automobiles throughout the coun\tjl fromApnl 
1. 2006 . All automob iles and fuel-petrol and clie>el - were to ha;e rret 
the Euro Dlomiss ian specifications in these 11 cities fromAprU 1. 2005 
and have to rree t the Euro-!V norms by AprU 1. 201 0. The rest of the 
coun\tjl will ha\e Euro-!D emissiOn norm compl iant aulort<>biles and 
fuels by 20 10. 
Thanks to the eflbr\s made. the 3ir quality of Celhl has sJgnificantly 
irrprovod . AcCOI"ding to an eslirn3.te, a sub stantial fall in co. and so. 
le"'l has boon lbund in Delhi between 1007 and 2006 . 
In India. the Air (Prevention and Control of PoDuUon) Act carre 
into b-ee in 11!81. but was arrenred in 1937 to :include no£90 as an air 
p:>llutant. Noise is undeSired high le"'l of sound. We have fj:A. used to 
associating loud sounds With pleasure and entertainment ncO. realiSing 
that neise causes ps~"· • ~cal and phys;~cal diSOicleu in humans . 
The bl~r the City. the bigger the functiOn. the gtuter the noise!! A 
brief «'CppSure to extremely high sound le1el. 150 dB or more generated 
by \.okA! of! of a jet plane or rocket. may damage oar drums thus 
permanenuy impairing heartng ability. Even chronic e><p:>sure to a 
relaUoelylower noise le1el of cities may permonenu y dama~ heanng 
3bilities ot hum.ms. NOise 3lso causes sleeples sness. increased heart 
beating. al\erod brea thing pattern. thus cons iderablystress~ng humans . 
Considerin g the many dangerous effects of noise pollution can you 
idenuty the u nnecessary sources of noise pollut iOn around ;ou which 
can be reduced immediately without any finan Cial loss to anybcdJt? 
Reduction of. noise in our industries can be .affected by use of. sound­
absorbent material.s orbyrnuttlingnoise . Slrltlgenlfollowltlgoflaws laid 
chwn in relation to nOise like relimitation of hcrn -tree :z:ones around 
hospitals and schools. permissible !Ouncl-le"' ls of crackers and of 
loudspeakers. timings after which loudspeake rs cannot be played. elc .. 
need to be entrcecl toprotect ourse!o;esfrornnaisepclluticn. 
16.2 WATER PotL.u-nON AND I'XS CONrnoL 
Human beings ha"" been abuSitlg the water -bocies arouncllhe world by 
usinglhemlcrdisposalof all kinds of waste. We tend to believe that water 
can wa sb away everything not taking c~zanee ot the tact that the water 
b:ldios are our lii>line as well as that of all other liVing crgwsms. Can 
90" !(.St Wl\a.t au. we tend. to t'Y and wasn aw"!J tllrougn cur rwers and 
cirair\•?Due to such actiVities of human kind the poncls.lal<es . streom. 
rt1ers. ostu anes and oceans are becorn~t~g polluted in several parts of the 
'AOI'Id. Reallsltlg the importance of maintainltlg the cleanliness of the water 
w.I!IC' 
···!Ill',. 
IIIOIOGY 
bcdies. tll.e Go\emrrentofhl.di.ah.as p.assed llie Water(Preventton and 
Control of Pollution) Act. 197 4 to sofeguorct our water resources. 
16.2 .1 DomesticS ewage and Industrial Effluents 
As lo'.:e v.a-k V>lith w.ater in our homes in llie Cities .and. to1)}J").S, we wash 
a t 1"0.1 .. 
I. !Jwlpeede4 oolldoo, ..,., ......t, 
.atad.dl\)'. 
.2. CWI , , 'm'*11*' e. c .. rtca1 
-.bao-.«otll-t 
--s. IX l,.e:d mettdplt ec .. 
Jl•rf:deczte ~ f dl 
~ 1! tt. 1: tM f4ktaam). 
elerythingintodra.ins. Have }OU 
eler '-I.'OI'l.rered where llie sewage 
tllat corres out our houses gel? 
What happens in lolllages?Is the 
sewage treated. before being 
tr.msported. to llie nearest rt\er 
.md. miXed. witll. it? A mere 0.1 
per cent impurities make 
dcmestic sew~ tmfit fbr human 
use (Figure 16. 2).You ha\e reod 
.about sewage treatments 
plants in Chapter 10. Solids are 
Figw:e 16.2 O:lmpos:iUon of waste walE:r 
relati\ely easy to rerrove. what 
is difficult to remove .are 
c 
0 
N 
c 
It 
N 
T 
R ·-~ ... A ··~·~~ .. .. 
,. ·· ... ~·~.~ .. 
4' ,, ,. 
I ""':':'.'~~~-, ... 
0 '·•·:;;~.~~'!.1~~·~~·.~:~·.:·~·::~·~~ 
N ._' 0--~==-----==-~~ 
U Dla..-ar-
$o<n,to 
4tle:b"'1" 
Hill IRONMHH/11 I!.SIJlS 
dissolved salts such as nitrates, phosphates, and other nutrients, and 
toxic metal ions and organic compounds. Domestic sewage primarily 
contains biodegradable organic matter, which readily decomposes -
thanks to bacteria and other micro-organisms, which can multiply using 
these organic substances as substrates and hence utilise some of the 
components of sewage. It is possible to estimate the amount of organic 
matter in sewage water by measuring Biochemical Oxygen Demand 
(BOD). Can you exp/a(n how? In the chapter on micro-organisms you 
have read about the relation between BOD, micro-organisms and the 
amount of biodegradable matter. 
Figure 16.3 shows some of the changes that one may notice following 
discharge of sewage into a river. Micro-organisms involved in 
biodegradation of organic matter in the receiving water body consume a 
lot of oxygen, and as a result there is a sharp decline in dissolved oxygen 
downstream from the point of sewage discharge. This causes mortality of 
fish and other aquatic creatures. 
Presence of large amounts of nutrients in waters also causes excessive 
growth of planktonic (free-floating) algae, called an algal bloom 
(Figure 16.4) which imparts a distinct colour to the water bodies. Algal 
blooms cause deterioration of the water quality and fish mortality. Some 
bloom-forming algae are extremely toxic to human beings and animals. 
You may have seen the beautiful mauve-colored flowers found on 
very appealingly-shaped floating plants in water bodies. These plants 
which were introduced into India for their lovely flowers have caused havoc 
by their excessive growth by causing blocks in our waterways. They grow 
faster than our ability to remove them. These are plants of water hyacinth 
(Etchhornta crass(pes), the world's most problematic aquatic weed, also 
Figure 16.4 Pictorial view of an algal bloom 
t 
t 
Figure 16.5 Biomagnification of 
DDT in an aquati c 
food chain 
BIOlOGY 
called 'Terror of Bengal '. They grow abundantl y in 
eutrophic water bodi es, and lead to an imbalance in the 
ecosystem dynamics of the water b ody. 
Sewage from our homes as well fro m hospitals are 
likel y to cont ain many undesirab le path ogenic micr o­
organisms, and its disposal into a water without proper 
treatment may cause outbreak of serious diseases, such 
a s, dysentery, typhoid,jaundice, cholera, etc. 
Unlike domestic sewage, waste water from industrie s 
like petroleum, paper manufacturing . metal extr action 
and processing, chemical manufacturin g. etc., often 
contain toxi c substances, notably, heavy metal s (defined 
a s elements with densit y > 5 g/cm 3 such as mercury , 
cadmium, copper, lead, etc.) and a variety of or ganic 
compounds. 
A few toxic substances, often present in industrial 
waste waters, can undergo biological magnific a tion 
(Biomagnification) in the aquatic food chain . 
Biomagnific ation refers to increase in concentrati on of 
the toxicant at successive trophi c levels. This happens 
because a toxic substance accumulated by an organism 
cannot be metab olised or excreted, and is thus passed 
on to the next higher trophic level. This phenomenon is 
well-kn own for mercury a nd DDT. Figur e 16.5 show s 
biomagnification of DDT in an aquatic food chain. In this 
manner, the concen t ration of DDT is incr eased at 
successive trophic levels; say if it starts at 0.003 ppb 
(ppb = parts per billi on) in water, it ca n ultim a tely can 
reach 25 ppm (ppm = parts per million) in fish-eatin g 
bird s, through biomagnification. High concentrations of 
DDT disturb calcium metabol ism in birds, which cause s 
thinning of eggshell and their premature breakin g. 
eventually causing decline in bird populations. 
Eutrophication is the natural aging of a lake by 
biological enrichment of its w ater. In a young lake the water is cold and 
clear, supporting little life. With time, streams draining into the lake 
introduce nutrients s uch as nitrogen and phosphorus, which encourage 
the growth of aquatic organisms. As the lake 's fertili ty increases, plant 
and animal life burgeons, and organi c remains begin to be deposited on 
the lake bottom. Over the centuries, as silt and organic debris pile up, the 
lake grow s sha llo w er and warmer, with warm-water organism s 
supplantin g tho s e that thri ve in a cold environment. Marsh plants t ake 
root in the shallows and begin to f:tll in t he original lake basin. Eventuall y, 
the lake gives way to large masses of floating plants (bog), fmally convertin g 
into land. Depending on climate , size of the lake a nd other factors, the 
natural ~of a l3ke may spon thou sands of years. However. p:>llu tonts 
from. man•s .actiVities like effluents from. llie industries md. homes can 
radi~ly accelerate the~ process. This phenorrenon has been called 
Cultw:alor Accelezared Eutrophication. Duling the past century.lol<es 
in many ports of the eorth ha\e been se\erelyeut rophied by sewoge and 
agrtcu ltu ra.la. nd. indu st n. 31 wastes. The prune contami nmts are nitrates 
and phosphates. which act as plant nutrients. Theyo\erstirrulate the 
growth of algae. causing unsightly scum and unpleasant odors. and 
robbing the water of dissolved a:<:ygen ~W to other aquatic life. IV. the 
same time, other pollutonts floWing into a lol<e may pOison whole 
populatiOns of fish. whose decompoSing remains further replete the 
waters dissolved «<Y!I'n content. In such fashion. a loke can literally 
choke to reath. 
Heated (thermo.~) wastewaters flowing out ofelectrteilY·!I'nerating units. 
e.g .• thermal power plants. constitute another imporlonl category of 
p:~llul3nts. iheffi"W wastewater eliminates or reduces llie number of 
otgonisms senSili\e to high lemf"rature. and may enhance the gowthof 
plonls and fish in extremely cold areas but. only after cauSing dam>. !I' to 
llie indigenous Oora .and faWl..a. 
16. 2. 2 A Case Study of lnt.eg~·ated W"'ste Water Treatment. 
V'k.stewater including sewa@ con be treated in an integrated monner. by 
utilising .a miX of .arli.6Ci.al.md. natura. I processes. An example of such .an 
initiati\e is llie town of Arcata. Situated a.tong llie northern coast of 
California. Collaborating with biologists from the Humboldt 
Slate University. llie townspeople created .an integrated. w.aste water 
treatrrent process witll.in a natural system The cleal'lirlg occurs in two 
stages - (a) the conventiOnal sedimentation, filtenng ond chlorine 
treatments are gi\en. After this stage, lots of dangerous pollutonts like 
dissolved. heavy rretals still remain. To combat Ul.is . .m innovative 
approach was taken and (b) the biolOgists developed a senes of Six 
connected marshes over 60 hectares of marshland. Appropnate plants. 
algae. ftmgi md. bacterta '-l.'ere seeded into tll.is area. which neutralise. 
absorb and assimilate the pollutants. Hence. as the water Oows through 
the marshes. it gets purified naturally. 
The mMshes also constitute a sanctu.ary~ with a high level of 
biodiverSity in the fbrrnof fishes. onimals and birds that now reside there. 
A citizens group colled Friends of the Arcata Morsh (FOAM) are responSible 
fOr the upkeep and safeguarding of this woncterful project .. 
All tll.is time. lol.'e have asswned tll..at renDV3l ofw.astes requires water. 
ie .. llie creation of sewage. But what if water is not necessarytodisp:~se 
o1I human waste, like excreta? Con you inlO@ne the amount of water that 
one can save if one didn't have to O.ush llie toilet? Well. tll.is is .already .a 
reality. Ecological sorutation is a sustainable system for handling human 
r 
IIIOIOGV 
excreta. uSing dry oomposting toilets. This is a practical. hJ.gienic, efficient 
and cost-effective solll\iOn to h= waste disposal. The key pOint to 
note here is that with this composting metho:t h= excreta em be 
recycled. into .a resource (.as n.atu~l fertiliserj. which reduces tile need. for 
chemical fertilisers. There .are v,:orking 'EcoSan• toilets in nwlf .are .as of 
Kerala and Sri L3nka. 
1 6. 3 SoJ.m W .<-<;1.1':5 
Solid wastes refer to everything that ps out in trash. MWllclpal solid 
\\<astes .are wastes from. horres. offices. stores. schools. hospitals. etc .. 
that are collected and disposed by the rrunieipality. The rrunieipal solid 
wastes generally comprise paper. b:d wastes. plastics. glass. rretals. 
rubber. le.atller. te:.ctile~ etc. Burnirlg reduces llie \Olurre of llie w.astes. 
although it is generally not bum\ to completion and open dumps often 
serve as the breeding ground for rats and flies. Sanltuy land11lls '""e 
acbpted as the subs\itllte fbr open-burning dumps. In a sanitary 13ndfill. 
w.astes .are dumped. in .a depresSiOn or trench .Mter com.p.action. md. 
covered with dirt ~y. if gou li.oe in o. town or df9, do gou mow 
where the nearest !anciJ!I. site;,/? Londfills are also not really rruch of 
a solution since the WDUn\ of garbage g.neration specially in the rretros 
h.as incre.ased. so much tll.at these sites .are getting filled. too. Also lliere 
is ct:mger of seep~e of chemicals. etc .. from these landfills polluting the 
underground. water resources. 
A solution to all this can ooly be in hum:m beings becoming more 
sensitive to tll.ese enVirOnrrent issues. All w.aste th.at we ~ner.ate em 
be categonsed into three types -(a) bio-degradable, (b) recyclable and 
(c) the non-biodegradable. It is imporUnt that all garbage g.nerated is 
sorted. What can be reused or recycled separated out; our l<:abadi.wall.ahs 
and rag-pickers do a great job of separation of materials for recycling. 
The biodegradable matertals can be put into deep pits in the ground and 
be leftfor natural brealo:\own. That leaves only the non-biodegradable to 
be disposed of!. The need to reduce our garoag. generation should be a 
prune goo.l. inste.ad.. we .are incre.asing tll.e use of non-biedegr.ad..able 
products. Just pick onyreadymade packet of any'goodqualityeatable, 
say a biscuit packet, ond study the packa~ng -do you see the number 
of protective layers used? Note that a\least one layer is of plas\i c. We have 
started packaging even our daily use products like milk and water in 
polybags~ In cities. fruits and vegetables can be bought packed in 
beautiful polysterene and plastic packaging- we pay so rruch and what 
do we dl:f? Contribute he.avily to enw-onment.al pollutiOn. St.ate 
Clovemrren\s ac10ss the c01m\ly are trying to p11sh for rect11ction in 11se 
of plastics and use ct eco-frtendlypackaging. W. candoourbi\ by carrying 
cloth or other natural fibre carry-bags when we go shopping and by 
refusing polythene bags. 
l6.3.l <'.ase Study of Remedy for Plastic \lbste 
A plastic sack manufacturer in &ngolore has managed to find the 
ideal solution to llie ever-increaSing problem. of .accumulating pl.astic 
waste. Ahmed Khan. aged 57 years old. has been prcducing plastic 
sacks for 20 years. About 8 )ears ago. he realised that plastic waste 
was a real problem Fblyblend. a fine powder ci recycled m::dified plastic. 
was developed then by his company. This mixture is mixed With the 
bitumen that is used to lay roads. In collaboration with R. V.OJllege of 
Engmeenng and the &ngolore City Corporation. Ahmed Khan pro,ed 
thet blends of Fblyblend and biturren. when used to lay roads. enhanced 
the bitumen's water repellant properties. and helped to increase road 
life by a factor of three. The raw materi3.1 for creating Polyblend is any 
plastic film waste. So. >go.inst the price of Rs. 0.40 per kg thet rag 
pickers had been getting for plastic waste. Khan now offers Rs.6. Using 
Khan's technique. by the year 2002. rrore than 40 krns of road in 
Bongolore has already been 13.id. At this rate. Khan will soon be running 
short of plastic waste in Bongalore. to prcduce Polyblend. Thanks to 
innOvo.lions like Fblyblend. we might still aVOid being srrothered by 
plastic waste. 
Hospitals generate h3.zardous wastes til. .at contain disinfect.ants and. 
other harmful chemicals. and also pathogenic micro-organisms. Such 
wastes also ~eqUire ~ul treatmmt and disposal. The use of inCineratcrs 
is cruci31 to disposal of hospital waste. 
Irreparable computers and. ollier electronic go:d.s are knolNil. as 
electronic v.<astes (e-v.<astes). E-w.astes are buried. in lmd6lls or 
incinerated. Over half of thee-wastes generated in the developed world 
are exported to deleloping oounlries. m3.inlyto China, India and Pakistan. 
where rretals like copper. iron, silicon. nickel 3Jl.d. gold. .are recovered. 
during recycling process. Unlike developed countries. which have 
specifi ca.lly built facilities fbr recycling of e-wastes. recycling in dele loping 
countries often unohes nw1u.al pa.rtieipation thus e:..:posingworkers to 
to.Y.ic subst3nces present in e-wastes. Elentu.all.y recycling is tll.e only 
solution for llie treatment of e-w.astes pro\lirect it is carried. out in a.n 
enVirOnrrent-fnendly manner. 
hl. llie w3ke of green re\Olu lion. use of inorg3Jl.i c fertilisers a.nd. pesticides 
h3.s increa.sed. manifold. for enh.mcmg crop prcduction. Pesticides. 
herbicides, fun&cides. etc .. are being increasingly used.These incidentally. 
are also to.'<ic to non -target orgaru srns.that are imporlan t components of 
ll'e sCi! ecosystem D:lyou lllink ll'ese em te ~in the tertestrtal 
ecosystems? We know what the addition ci increaSing orrountsof artifiCial 
fertilisers c.m do to a.qua.tic ecosystems \r1s-i-Vis eutrophica.tion. The 
current problems in agrtculture are. therefOre. extrerrely gf>\e. 
r 
IIIOIOGV 
l 6.4-. l Case Study of Organic Farming 
Integrated Oll!miC f3rming is a cyclical, zero-waste procedure, where waste 
prcducts from. one process .are cycled. in .as nutrients tbr ollier processes. 
This .allows llie maximum utilisa.tion of resource .and. increa.ses tll.e 
effiCiency of prcduclion. Rarresh Chandra D~ar. a farrrer in Sonipat. 
Hotyana. is cbingjust l.his. He includes bee-keeping. dairy rnanag.rrent. 
water harvesting, composting and ~culture in a chain of processes. 
which support e.ach allier .and. .allow .m extremely economic.al .md. 
sust..a.in3.ble venture. TI'lere is no need to use chemic.al fertilisers for crops . 
.as ca.ttle excreta. (d.tmgl.are used .as mmure. Crop w.aste is used. to ere .ate 
com.p:.st. which c.m be used. .as .a n.atur.al fertiliser or ca.n be used. to 
gener.ate n.atur.al g.as for s.atisfyi.ng tll.e energy needs of tll.e fa.rm. 
Enthusiastic about spreading information and help on the practice of 
integratedorgmic farming. 03gar has created the Hatyana Kisan Welfare 
Club, with a current rrernbership of 5000 farmers. 
16.5 RAorOAC~lV£ W.:.sms 
lnitiolly, nuclear energy was IWled •s anon-polluting way for generating 
electricity. Later on. it w.as realised tll..at llie use of nuclearenergyh.as tv.o 
very senou s inherent problems. The first is aceident.alleal<.>ge. •s occurred 
in the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl inCidents and the second is sole 
d.ispos.al of r.ad.ioo.ctive w.astes. 
Radiation, thetis given off by nuclear waste is extrerrelyctarna~ng to 
biol~c.al org.anisms. be ca. use it c.auses muta.tions to occur .at .a very high 
r.ate. At high doses. nuclea.r r.adi.ation is letll31 but .at lov.-ercbses. it cre.ates 
v.anous disorrers.llie nDst frequent of .all teing ca.ncer. Therefcre. nuclear 
w.aste is .an extremely p:~tent pollutmt .md. h.as to be d.e.alt Willi utmost 
c.aution. 
It h.as been recomnenrect tll.at stor.age c1. nuclea.r w.aste. after sufficient 
pre-treatment. should be done in suitably shielded containers buried 
witll.in llie rocks . .atou.t 500 md.eep telow llie e.arth•s surface. However. 
this rrethod of disposal is rreeting stiff opposition from the public. IN1\(j 
do gou tl'linl< tl'lLs method. of di-sposal. <s not osreeo.lk to mong peope? 
16.6 GReENJ(Ol)'S!;: ~'I' .<IND GLOBAl. w -~RMD\'<3 
The term 'Greenhouse effect' has been denved from a phenorrenon that 
occurs in .a greenhouse. H.ave you ever seen .a ween house? It looks like .a 
srnoll glass house •nd is used for §'OWing plants espeeiollydunng Winter. 
In a greenhouse the glass panel lets the light in. but does not .now heat 
\oescape. Therem. the greenhouse warms up. 1erymuch like insicte a 
car tll.at h.as teen parked. in llie sun tor .a few hours. 
The greenhouse effect is .a n.atur.ally occurring phenorrenon th.at is 
responsible for heating of Earth's surface and atrrosphere. You «ould be 
\ 
... 
\ ... ' ... 
·, ·. 
01 )-.c-­
--­.tlz'IIIIIJ t 9 ' W fftm ___ , 
- &--­* "* II M 1:111 
u.-··--IID k:qi W8l'l: I " t tD 
-. 
surprised to knoW that without greenhou"" eiJect tlle a"'r.ge len1>0r.>.ture 
at surface or E3rth v.ould M '>e been a chilly - 18'Crather than the pre sent 
averoge or t&•c. In oo:ler to unrerstand the 
gn>enhouse effect. it is necessary to know the 
tate or the energy or sunlight that reache s the 
outerrrost atm:>sphere (Figure 16. 6). Clouds 
ond gases reOect abou t one-rourth of the 
incOI'f4ng solar r.o.cliation. and absorb some or 
it but alm:>st h3.lf or incoming soiM radiat iOn 
caus on Eattlts surface heating it. while a small 
proporuon Is reflected back. Earth's surfa ce :MN 
-ce-emts heat in the Drm af infrared radiation 110 
but partorthisctoes not esca pe into space as 
at<mOphe.ric gases (e.g .. carbon dieo<ide. 
~.etc.) absorb amajerfractionci il1be 
rmleculesof these gases raciate beat energy. 1-"igu:n: 16.7 IWative contJ1bubon of vanous 
~ gases "' total glob.! 
wanntng and a majcr part ci which agam cares to 
Earth's surtace.thusheatingit uponcea&>in. 
This cycle is repeated rnm y a til:res. The 
above·m!tntioned. gases - carton dicrode and n:eth.ane - are oonata tly 
known u gn>enhouse gases (Figure 16. 7) because they are respons ible 
lbr the greenhOuse effect. 
Increase in the lel!elaf ~Jeenho.tse gases h3.sled 1c conSiderable heating 
of Earth leadi ng to globol warming. During t he past cent ury. the 
temperature of Earth has increased byo .6•c. most afttdurtng the last 
r 
Figure 16.8 
~ I I I 
1 
I I I I I I I 
I 
BIOLOGY 
three decades. Scientists believe that this rise in temperature is leading 
to deleterious changes in the environment and resulting in odd climatic 
changes (e.g. El Nino effect) , thus leading to increased melting of polar 
ice caps as well as of other places like the Himalayan snow caps. Over 
many years, this will result in a rise in sea level that can submerge many 
coastal areas. The total spectrum of changes that global warming can 
bring about is a subject that is still under active research. 
How can we control global warming? The measures include cutting 
down use of fossil fuel, improving efficiency of energy usage, reducing 
deforestation, planting trees and slowing down the growth of human 
population. International initiatives are also being taken to reduce the 
emission of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. 
Ozone hole is the area above 
Antarctica, shown in purpl e 
colour, where the ozone layer 
is the thinnest. Ozone 
thickness is given in Dobson 
unit (see carefully the scale 
shown in colour violet to red). 
The ozone hole over Antarctica 
develops each year between 
late August and early 
October. Curtesy: NASA 
1{), 7 OzoNE DEPI.ETION IN THE 
You have earlier studied in the Chemistry 
textbook of Class XI about 'bad' ozone, formed 
in the lower atmosphere (troposphere) that harms 
plants and animals. There is 'good' ozone also; 
this ozone is found in the upper part of the 
atmosphere call ed the stratosphere, and it acts 
as a shield absorbing ultraviolet radiation from 
the sun. UV rays are highly injurious to living 
organisms since DNA and proteins of living 
organisms preferentially absorb UV rays, and its 
high energy breaks the chemical bonds within 
these molecules. The thickness ofthe ozone in a 
column of air from the ground to the top of the 
atmosphere is measured in terms of Dobson 
units (DU). 
Ozone gas is continuously formed by the 
action ofUV rays on molecular oxygen, and also 
degraded into molecular oxygen in the 
stratosphere. There should be a balance between 
production and degradation of ozone in the 
stratosphere. Of late , the balance has been 
disrupted due to enhancement of ozone 
degradation by chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs). 
CFCs find wide use as refrigerants. CFCs discharged in the lower part of 
atmosphere move upward and reach stratosphere. In stratospher e, UV 
rays act on them releasing Cl atoms. Cl degrad es ozon e releasing 
molecular oxygen , with these atoms acting merely as catalysts; Cl atoms 
are not consumed in the react ion. Henc e, whatever CFCs are added to 
the stratosphere, they have permanent and continuing affects on Ozone 
fN'IIt('INMtNTAI ~ ~~ U ts 
le"'ls . Althoul!)l ozone depletiOn Is occU!Ti!lg widely in the stratosphere. 
the depletion is p~cularly mart<ed over the Antarctic regton. This has 
re sult8:1 ill amauon of a large area o! thinned 010!lB layer. commnly 
called as the omne hole (F!gu<e 16.8). 
UV rxliation of. \\>OI/Oiength s shorter than UV -B. are alrrost romplelely 
abOJrbed by Earth's atnx>sphore. g;--. that the ozone layer is intact. But. 
UV-B damages DNA andm.ttaUon may occur . It causes agtngof. skin. 
clamage to skin c:eDs and 1Qrtoust)1les of. skin cancers . In human eye. 
cornea absorbs UV-B radiation. and a high dose of UV-B causes 
moanmation a cornea. called oow-bl1ndnea cataract. etc. Such 
exposure mayperma.nenUy~the cornea . 
Re~ thecleleler!Ous affects of. """"'depletion. an international 
treaty.known as the Monln!al Pmtocol was s;gnectatMontreal(C.n.ada) 
in 1987 (etfecliw in 1~) to eonlrcl the etnssien of. ozone depleting 
substances . SUbsequenUy many mere e!l'orts have been made and 
protocols have lalddoWn de!!nlte roodmaps. separately fer cl>veloped and 
cl>veloping counlrie s. i:r <educing the etns ,;on of. CFCs and other ozone 
cepleling chemicals . 
16.8 Dro!VID.'I.TION liY IMPJ<OP£R RF.:S01.lltCF. llm.·I."-A~lON 
A .. TID MAL1'i'T~b) 
The degroda\iono! natural resources canoee ur. noljusl by the actiOn of 
pollutant s but also bylrrq:moper resource ulillsat:iOn practices. 
SoD erosion and desertUicaUon : The cteveloprre nt of. the fertile top- nl 
i.al<es centurie s. Bu l.l t can be tei'!'D\ed "'l'l' eas ily due to human actiVities 
like over -culti vation. unre stricted gra:z:tng. defores tation and poor 
irrtgatJon practices. resu lting in and patches of l>lnd. \11/hen l31'ge b3rren 
patches extendand meetovertJ.mo. a clesertls crea ted Internationally. it 
has been recognised that desertification Is a major problem nowadays. 
particularly due to increased urbanisation . 
Waterlogging and soU salinit y. lmgatJon Without proper ctratnag. of 
water leads to waterlogging In the soil. Besides >fleeting the crops. 
watedogging draws salt to the surface of the !Oil. 1he salt then is ceposited 
as a thin crust on the land surface cr starts collecting at the roots of the 
plant s. This increased salt contentlstnlmlcal to the ~tCWth of crops and 
is extremoly damaging to agnculture . WaterJogging and sail salinity.,.. 
OCllre of. the problems that ha"' corre In the wal<e of the Green Rerolulion. 
16.9 llilFORES'.rA'llON 
O.fcres\ationls the eonwrSion ct i:Jresled areas to non-forested ooes. 
Jl<rordingtoan estimate. alsrost40 per cent i:lrestshave been lost in the 
l.rofjcs. <Xllq>ared to only I per cent in the lell'fl"rale regton. 1be p1 esent 
scenariO of. rei:Jrestation IS ~cular!JI grim in India. At the beginning of. 
IIIOIOGV 
tll.e twentietll. century. fOrests CO\ered a.bout 30 per cent of tll.e l3.nd. of 
India. Bytheendofthe centucy. it shrunk to 19.4 per cent. whereas the 
Nalio!ul Forest F\:llicy ( 1988) of India has recClll"J!lElded 33 per cent !crest 
cover fOr the ploms and 67 per cent for the hills. 
How ctces cteforesta.tiOn occur? A number of hUI'I'Wl a.ctiVities 
contribute to it. One of tll.e ma.jor rea.sons is tll.e cornersion of fOrest to 
ag-;culturalland so as to feed the grow;nghumanpopulation. Trees are 
oxed for timber. firewood, cattle ranching and fOr several other purposes. 
Slash and burn agriculture. oomrronly called as Jhum cultivation in 
tll.e north-ea.stem sta.tes of hl.dia.. ha.s also contributed to ctefbresta.tion. 
In slash and bum ~oultwe. the t.rrrers cut down the trees of the fOrest 
md. bum tll.e pl3nt remains. The .ash is used a.s a. fertiliser .and. tll.e l3.nd. is 
then used fi:Jr farming or cattle grOZing. After cultiVation, the area is left 
for se,eral years soa.s to 3.llow its recovery. The fa.rrrers tll.en nDVe on to 
other areas and repeat this process. In earlier days. when Jhum cultivation 
was in prevalence,enough time-gap was ~von such that the land recmered 
from the effect of cultivation. With increaSing population, and repeated 
cultiv.ation. tll.is recovery pha.se is done a.w.ay V>lith. resulting in 
deforestation. 
Wha.t a.re tll.e consequences of cteforest.ation? One of tll.e nujor effects 
is el'lll3.nced carbon d.io.Y.ire concentra.tion in tll.e a.tmJsphere beca.use 
trees tll.at could. hold. a. lot of carbon in their bi01"n3.ss a.re lost witll. 
deforestation. D>fbrest.ation also causes loss ofbiodi\erSity due tohabit.at 
ctestruction,d.isturbs hydrologic cycle. ca.uses SOil eroSion, .and. nuylea.d. 
to ctesertifica.tion in e:.ctrerre ca.ses. 
Reforestation is the process of restoring a. fOrest tha.t once eXisted. 
but w.as renDled. a.t sorre pOint of time in the pa.st. Re1brest.ation nuy 
occur n.atura.lly in a. deforested. area.. Hov;ever. we em speed it up by 
pl3.nting trees V>litll. due considera.tion to bicdilersity tll.at earher eXisted. 
in tll.a t are a.. 
l6.9.l <:..Se Study of People'!> P;n·ticipation in 
C.onsen•ati 0).1 of Forests 
People's participation has a long history in India. In 1731. the king of 
Jcdhpur in Raja.stll3.n a.sked. one of his ministers to a.rrmge wo:d. fbr 
constructing a. new pala.ce. The minister .and. workers went to a. forest 
near a Village. inhabited by Bishnois. to cut down trees. The Bishnoi 
community is known for its pea.ceful co-eXistence V>lith n.ature. The effOrt 
to cut down trees by the kings was thwarted by the BishnOis. ABishnoi 
woman Amrit.a DeVi sh01<"d e;.:emplacy courage by hugging a tree and 
daringkingsrren tocu ther6rst befOre cutting the tree. The tree mattered 
mu ell rrore to her than her own life. Sadly. the kings rren did not heed to 
her pleas. and cut down the tree along with Amrita D>Vi. Her three 
daughters and hundreds of other Bishnois fOllowed her. and thus lost 
their lives sav;ng trees. Nowhere in histocy do "" find a commitment of 
urY~('MMIN1AI f!.~IJK 
lhls ~"tude wl1en human beings sactiliced lllelr U"'slor the cause a 
the enYirelnm!nL The GcM!rnment of India bas reeenUy instituted the 
AmrUa DIM ntslmol Wildlife Protection Awvd i:r indiViduals err 
ccrrrnlm!ties from rural ..-eas that have shown exlraordlnal'l' tX>ur>ge 
anddec:Ucauon in protecting Wilcllife. 
You mayha"' he3!dofthe Chlpko Movement of Gomw>IHirnauyas. 
ln 110174.local warren showed enomo us bra'leryin protecting trees frrrn 
the -of contract ocs by hugging them People all =r the wortd have 
acclaimed the Chipko rrD\errent. 
RealiSing the Significance of parti cipation by loc>l tX>mmunities, 
the Governmen t of India in 1980s has intrcdu ced the tX>ncept of 
Joint Forest Managem ent (JFJ\1) so as to work clo .. ly with the local 
corrmlmities !:lr protecting and man.g;ng 6Jrests. in retum !:lr their 
serncuto the 6Jrest.the carnm.milies ~t tenefi.t ctvat10us mst pro:lucts 
(e.g.. !ruits. gum. rubter. medicine. etc .). and thus the !ores\ can be 
conserved in a sustainable manner . 
~; . 
lllojor •·•-relating to e:~:.~Y poUutlon one! clopi.Uon of'.·:.:~: .. :.: '4lu.a.bM ~tur .al resources .,ary tn dimension from. iooal. fe§On.al to 
glob>! lo...ts. lUI pollution prunarlly results from bumlng c4 loatl fuel. 
o.g .. oo>l and petroleum. !n !nduslr!ei om !n .. utomol:dlao. They ,.. : 
homlful to l».un.ans. ~and p1=ts. and therek< o must bo remo.ed 
1o ktep ow air clean. Domestic sew~e. t1-.e most OOrn.n\CQ'). source of 
poU\.tUOn of water bodies,. reduces dissolved oxygen but tncreases 
blooh4tMleal oxygen demand of recel.vtng water. DorM:Itlo NW~ ts rtch 
1n n\.tlrhtnts. espect.a lly. nitrogen and phospho r\.\S, which cause 
wtrophloa.t.bn .ani nUisan::e ~~ blooms. Indus tr l.a1 wutAt waters Me 
of\&n r10h tn tox1C chemiCal s. espe w.lly heavy met.a.ls and org.an1c 
oompounds . lr<lustrtal waste wa"' rs holm hVU>g or~J>~Ums. Munldpol 
ooll4 wutas >!so cnate problems and must be dsspoH<I cl1n brdf!lls. 
01spc>Al of hazardous wastes like defunct. ships. r .:110-.IOliv& wastes 
an<l•w• ... <"!UlrES aid1tsonal elli>rts. Soli pollutlon pnmar!ly results 
&om ._,.,\lllural chsn>cals (e.g. pes11c!desl ani l&acha.iu &om solid 
~ depos1ted. me.r 1l 
Two maJOr enl4.ronment.al tssues of global natw-e •• tncreas:f:qf 
~ ell'<d. oi>lch IS warmll1lf Earth one! <lopl.uon o( 030"' In 
the str.a.l.osphere. Enhanced greenhouse effeot lS mainly d\.te to 
U'a'....-:1 Ctliss:10n of carbon d1o~ meth.ane. n1tro\.\J: oxsdt: .an:! CF(ls., 
and olso duo "' defor-n It may drasllcall y ~ r .onbll pattem 
global temperature. besides deletenously affecung bVIng orgonsms. 
o.,no In u... slra..,sphere. which prolects us from hotmfut effects of 
ultnv101Atl radiatlon. IS depletmg l>sl due "' eMia!on c4 CFCs thus 
U"U..-..sln8 the riSks of s ldn ~t. mutation and othtr cllsorders. . . '•"•"•"•"•"•"•"•"•"•"•"•"•"•"· ................................................................................................................................. . 
: · .... . . ·:. ··• 
.·-. ' 
r 
IIIOIOGY 
EXERCISES 
1. Wh31 Me ilie VMtous constituents of domestic sew:;,ge? Discuss Ule 
e:ftects of sew~ d.ischMge on a ri."'.te:r. 
2. List an U:e w~ Ulat you (f:tnerate. at h:lme. sch:lol or durmg your 
trips to oilier plaoes. could }OU \te:ry e3Sily reduce? Which would be 
difftcult or r aUler unposs:1ble to reduce? 
3. DiScUss U:e causes .mel effects of~~ wa:rrrung. What JWNSWeS nee::l 
to be t.ol<en to control global w~ 
4. Match U:e items g1ve:n 1n coluron A and B: 
Coh.ann A Cohunn B 
(a) Col.alytic c:om-.r (1) P~ matter 
(b) Eleotrostolic pze:<pt'-"'<>r (U) Carbon monoX1de =I nilrog"' oxi:les 
(c) Eormuffs (U1) liJ8h nolse te-e! 
(d) Landfills hv) Solid w>Stes 
5. Wrt., C<ttical notes on the fOllowlng: 
(a) Eutrophication 
(b) Biologtcal ~tcation 
(c) Groundwater depletion .mel ways fOr its replenishment. 
6. Why ozone h:lle fOll\"'S O"'.U AnW'ctic<P. How w1.l ~ ultraViolet 
r3dia11on ~eel us? 
7. DiScuss ilie role of women and communities in protectiOn ~ 
conserv.;;d.ion of fOrests. 
8. What measures. as an indi..,idual. you would t~e to reduce 
emUOl'll'nental pollutiorf? 
9. DlScUss brtefly the fOllowln& 
(aJ Radioacl1ve wastes 
(b) De:funct ships .and e-w.ostes 
(c) MWl101pal solid wastes 
10. What U"ll.liaU...es were taken fOr red~.CU?g \~Ubi .Mr pollution in Delhi? 
Has ~ qu.3lity imprO\~d 1n Delhi? 
11. DlScUss brtefly the fOllowlng: 
(a) Greenhouse gases 
(b) Catalylic converter 
(c) UltraViOlet B 